                                                              2022/23 年度報告
                                                              ANNUAL REPORT   1
CONTENTS
                                                                       PAGE

Corporate Information                                                     2
Chairman’s Statement                                                      3
Management Discussion and Analysis                                        6
Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management              16
Directors’ Report                                                        20
Corporate Governance Report                                              82
Independent Auditor’s Report                                            111
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                125
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                          126
Consolidated Balance Sheet                                              127
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                             129
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                    131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                          133
Financial Summary                                                       226
    2022/23 年度報告
2   ANNUAL REPORT


    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD (THE “BOARD”) OF                                PRINCIPAL BANKERS
     DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY                             China CITIC Bank International Limited
                                                          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
     (THE “DIRECTOR(S)”)                                  Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
                                                          The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
    Executive Directors                                     Corporation Limited
    Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)   Citibank (China) Co., Ltd.
    Mr. Li Jie (President)                                East West Bank
    Mr. Meng Jun (Chief Financial Officer)                JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
                                                          China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd, Hong Kong Branch
    Non-Executive Directors
    Mr. Tung Pen Hung (Appointed on May 15, 2023)         REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Liu Zheng (Resigned on May 15, 2023)              Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                                          Hamilton, Pembroke, HM 11
    Independent Non-Executive Directors                   Bermuda
    Ms. Song Lixin
    Mr. Tong Xiaomeng
                                                          HEAD OFFICE
    Mr. Johnny Chen
                                                          Block B, Wangjing
                                                          Ali Center
    EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE                                   Building 4, Zone 4, Wangjing East Park
    Mr. Fan Luyuan (Committee Chairman)                   Chaoyang District
    Mr. Li Jie                                            Beijing, China
    Mr. Meng Jun
                                                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                         HONG KONG
    Mr. Johnny Chen (Chairman)
                                                          26/F, Tower One
    Ms. Song Lixin
                                                          Times Square
    Mr. Tong Xiaomeng
                                                          1 Matheson Street
                                                          Causeway Bay
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                Hong Kong
    Mr. Tong Xiaomeng (Chairman)
    Mr. Fan Luyuan
                                                          PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Ms. Song Lixin
                                                            TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                          MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                  4th Floor North Cedar House
    Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman)
                                                          41 Cedar Avenue, Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda
    Mr. Tong Xiaomeng
    Mr. Johnny Chen
                                                          HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                      REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Ms. Chun Ka Yan (Appointed on June 30, 2022)          Tricor Secretaries Limited
    Ms. Lew Aishan Nicole (Resigned on June 30, 2022)     Level 54, Hopewell Centre
                                                          183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
    LEGAL ADVISORS
    Mayer Brown                                           STOCK CODE
                                                          1060
    AUDITOR
    PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Certified Public Accountants and
    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor

    WEBSITE
    www.alibabapictures.com
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT             3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,

After more than three years of struggling in tough market environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the
dawn was finally in sight for the cultural and entertainment industry. In the second half of 2023 financial year,
as the state government continued to optimize pandemic prevention and control policies, we had witnessed
a strong recovery of the industry as well as the market. Based on its insight into the strong demand in the
cultural and entertainment industry, Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the “Company” or “Alibaba Pictures”,
together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) captured the potential needs of consumers for high quality
“content”, and empowered the general recovery and further development of the industry with technology.

Alibaba Pictures is committed to promoting technological innovation and aspires to be an industry leader.
“Leah” (厘里Leah), the first “hyper-real” virtual idol of the Group’s “Movie + Performance” joint membership
program and the brand spokesperson of “Taomai VIP” (淘麥VIP), turned out to be a great success. Leah is
created with AIGC (AI Generated Content) technology and is comparable to real person. As an icon embodying
the youthfulness and trend proposition of the brand across different dimensions, it has the potential to
significantly improve the efficiency of various productions.

Currently, AIGC is widely adopted in the cultural and entertainment industry. Apart from handling tedious
and burdensome post-production tasks, AIGC can be applied in basic content creation, script generation,
virtual character and scene setting. Based on big data analysis, AIGC also serves as a powerful tool to create
targeted and customized entertainment experience for audiences, and optimize content design and marketing
for companies in the industry. With the rapid evolution of artificial intelligence, it is expected that AIGC would
further enhance efficiency and reduce costs, and emerge as a game-changer in the entertainment industry.

Over the past three years, with its focus on content to explore multiple business models, Alibaba Pictures
continued to tap the new potential of AIGC, while pushing ahead with the upgrade dual engine strategy
featuring “content and technology”. By offering curated content and empowered by innovative technology,
the Group has increased its investments in technology which creates long-term value, enabling it to proactively
optimize its business management strategy and to achieve solid business growth.

For the financial year ended March 31, 2023 (the “Reporting Period”), Alibaba Pictures recorded revenue of
approximately RMB3.52 billion, remaining largely stable compared to the Corresponding Period. During the
Reporting Period, the Group recorded a loss of approximately RMB291 million due to the losses arising from
its listed equity investments. After excluding such loss not arising from the ordinary course of business, the
adjusted EBITA maintained a profit of approximately RMB295 million, a substantial increase of approximately
RMB152 million year-over-year.

Content segment is one of the Group’s core businesses. Alibaba Pictures has been committed to creating
high-quality content, while producing and presenting a variety of movies and drama series. During the
Reporting Period, benefiting from the Group’s forward-looking layout in the content industry and steady
improvement in its production and development capabilities, the Group produced and distributed a total of 26
films, generating over RMB16.3 billion in the box office and maintained high-quality content hit rates. 12 of
these films ranked among the top 20 domestic films released during the same period in terms of box office,
including “The Wandering Earth 2 (流浪地球2)”, which ranked second in terms of the box office revenue
during the Chinese Lunar New Year; “Moon Man (獨行月球)” and “Lighting Up the Stars (人生大事)”, which
ranked first and second respectively in terms of the box office revenue during the summer movie season, as
well as “Post Truth (保你平安)” and “Suzume (鈴芽之旅)”, which were released in the first quarter of 2023
and emerged as box office “dark horses”.
    2022/23 年度報告
4   ANNUAL REPORT


    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    The technology business is an important part of the Group’s strategy and an essential force in the construction
    of the Group’s pan-entertainment infrastructure that increases the use of technology in various aspects in the
    entertainment industry. The segment mainly comprises platform ticketing, digitalization and other technology
    products. During the Reporting Period, Tao Piao Piao maintained its dominant position as a ticketing platform,
    and cooperated with Damai to further optimize the “Taomai VIP” membership program and offer better
    experience to VIP members. The number of Taomai VIP members exceeded 15 million during the Reporting
    Period. The multidimensional collaboration between Leah (the brand spokesperson of “ Taomai VIP”) and
    “Suzume (鈴芽之旅)” laid a solid foundation for the Group’s new sales model through integrating digital
    humans with other movies and drama series in the future. Yunzhi, a leading cloud-based digital intelligence
    product that offers operation and management services to cinemas, is designed to use technology to help
    cinemas improve operating and management efficiency and reduce their operating costs. During the Reporting
    Period, Yunzhi ranked first among industry peers in terms of the number of ticket-issuing cinemas. The
    Group’s digitalization platform business comprises an integrated content promotion and distribution platform,
    consisting of “Beacon (燈塔)” (a promotion and distribution platform), “Dark Horse (黑馬)” (a comprehensive
    marketing solutions designer) and “Taoxiu Media Group (淘秀光影)” (a content marketing agency), for the
    purpose of providing a comprehensive coverage of marketing services, and provides live streaming marketing
    services and content marketing services on an exclusive basis for a number of films, drama series and variety
    shows. Other technology products of the Group include the Cloud Production business, which is closely
    integrated with the production of film content and drama series content, and has supported more than 300
    projects in the pan-entertainment industry during the Reporting Period. The Group will continue to explore
    opportunities in smart digital technology business, use technology in the film production process and use
    innovative technology to create film content and drama series content.

    The IP merchandising and commercialization business is also the core business of Alibaba Pictures for
    expanding its presence in the entertainment industry. The Group has an abundant reserve of heartwarming
    and storytelling IPs which could express and convey consumers’ emotions and needs. IP merchandises provide
    consumers with a richer, better and more tangible product experience. The Group is able not only to explore
    IP contents, but also build up a service platform and online and offline sales channels focusing on IPs, allowing
    consumers to build a deeper connection with IP characters and their stories.

    To better connect with its consumers, the Group created a series of distinctive pop toys by combining the
    IPs of its pop toy brand “KOITAKE”, namely, “Moon White (月白)”, “Jelly – Comedian (果凍–喜劇人)”
    and “YOKUKU”, with a number of films, drama series and variety shows. Those pop toys showcase the
    personalities of drama characters and feature iconic drama scenes. The Group created pop toys based on
    “Moon Man (獨行月球)” (the Group’s summer blockbuster), “Immortal Samsara (沉香如屑)” and “Till the End
    of the Moon (長月燼明)” (each a popular drama series broadcast on Youku), and “Empresses in the Palace (甄
    嬛傳)” (a classic Chinese drama series). Apart from pop toys, the Group is committed to acquiring high-quality
    IPs, enhancing their visibility in the market, facilitating its business partners to generate economic benefits
    from those IPs, and offering innovative products to meet consumer needs. During the Reporting Period, the
    Group entered into an agreement with Sanrio, where the Group could enjoy an exclusive right, to manufacture
    and sell merchandises of 26 Sanrio characters, such as Hello Kitty, Melody and Little Twin Stars, in Mainland
    China. The cooperation allows the Group to introduce more high-quality IP products, to provide consumers
    with a richer product experience and to form a win-win situation with its business partners.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT             5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Leveraging on the unique advantage of the dual engine strategy featuring “content + technology”, the
strategic planning and intensive investment in the markets for many years, as well as the synergy with
Alibaba’s ecosystem, Alibaba Pictures keeps forging ahead against all odds and overcomes various difficulties
together with other players in the market, managing to make it through the winter of the cultural and
entertainment industry. As the pandemic in China coming to an end, we have seen the rising enthusiasm of
creators and audiences, and a turnaround in the average number of viewers since the beginning of the year. In
view of the optimistic prospect of the industry, Alibaba Pictures will continue to leverage its unique strengths
in content and technology to offer diversified content at different points in time and through multiple
channels, while benefiting more market participants and the cultural industry.

Looking ahead, the Group will continue to uphold the value of selflessness involving ordinary persons
performing heroic deeds that grows strong sentiment and positive vibes, and stay true to its mission and
objective to build the infrastructure across the entertainment industry chain, while persisting in innovation
and synergy in the midst of changes with in-depth strategic planning in the pan-entertainment industry, and
striving to achieve diversified development of business segments and deliver greater value for the Company
and its shareholders (the “Shareholders”) with business growth.

I would like to thank the Board of Directors, all of our business partners, employees, investors and customers
for their continued support to the Group amid a dynamic macro environment full of uncertainties. In
particular, I would like to commend all employees for devoting themselves to their work during the pandemic
to support the smooth operation of the Group. With the Group’s brand reputation and the outstanding talent
of our management team, I am confident that the Group is well-positioned to cope with the complex and
volatile market environment and challenges, and set a benchmark for “content + technology” in domestic film
industry.




Fan Luyuan
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, May 31, 2023
    2022/23 年度報告
6   ANNUAL REPORT


    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    OVERVIEW

    During the Reporting Period, in the face of complex and ever-changing market environment, the Group is
    committed to its dual engine strategy featuring content and technology. By offering curated content and being
    empowered by innovative technology, the Group continues to explore business models and has increased its
    investments in technology which creates long-term value for the Group, enabling it to proactively optimize its
    business management strategy and to achieve solid business growth.

    The Group’s revenue was approximately RMB3,520 million for the Reporting Period, compared to
    approximately RMB3,652 million for the Corresponding Period. The Group’s revenue for the Reporting Period
    remained largely stable compared to the Corresponding Period, demonstrating the resilience of its business
    operations, despite market fluctuations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, as a result of the dual engine
    strategy. Due to the diversified business structure and improved operating efficiency, the adjusted EBITA
    increased significantly by approximately RMB152 million from a profit of approximately RMB143 million for the
    Corresponding Period to approximately RMB295 million for the Reporting Period.

    The following table sets forth certain key indicators of the Group’s financial results for the periods indicated:

                                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                                             March 31,
                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000

    Operating (loss)/profit                                                             (220,972)             279,216
    Add:
      Share-based compensation                                                           147,152               146,891
      Amortization of intangible assets arising on business combinations                  12,669                12,642
      Allowance for impairment, and disposals, of long-term assets                             –               (17,423)
      Profit or loss on equity investment and change in fair value, net                  356,228              (277,976)


    Adjusted EBITA                                                                       295,077              143,350
                                                                                                    2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT             7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
The following table sets forth the Group’s segment revenue and results for the periods indicated:

                                                                  For the year ended March 31,
                                                         Segment revenue               Segment results
Segments                                                   2023            2022          2023          2022
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

Content                                                1,709,301          1,947,857             281,603             317,493
Technology                                             1,267,539          1,264,058             344,951             430,949
IP merchandising and commercialization                   543,517            440,255             156,273             197,103


Total                                                  3,520,357          3,652,170             782,827             945,545


Note:   Segment results = revenue – cost of sales and services – selling and marketing expenses allocated to the relevant
        segment


The Group’s revenue was approximately RMB3,520 million for the Reporting Period, a decrease of
approximately RMB132 million compared to the Corresponding Period. Due to impacts of the COVID-19
pandemic on the film industry and consumer market, the Group recorded a year-over-year decrease in revenue
from film and drama series content, and its revenue from the content segment decreased by approximately
RMB239 million from RMB1,948 million for the Corresponding Period to approximately RMB1,709 million for
the Reporting Period. By promoting synergy between live events and offline viewing, revenue from the Group’s
technology segment remained stable at approximately RMB1,268 million for the Reporting Period compared to
the Corresponding Period. By acquiring high-quality IPs and launching IP commercialized products continually,
the Group’s revenue from the IP merchandising and commercialization segment was approximately RMB544
million for the Reporting Period, an increase of approximately RMB103 million compared to the Corresponding
Period.
    2022/23 年度報告
8   ANNUAL REPORT


    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    BUSINESS REVIEW

    Content

    Content segment is the Group’s core business, mainly comprising content from films, drama series and
    other types of content. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the total box office revenue in Mainland China was
    RMB31.8 billion for the Reporting Period, a year-over-year decrease by 26% (or approximately RMB11.1
    billion) compared to the Corresponding Period. Benefiting from the Group’s forward-looking layout in the
    content industry and steady improvement in its production and development capabilities, the Group produced
    and distributed a total of 26 films covering various genres such as comedy, romance, drama series and
    animation during the Reporting Period, which maintained good hit rates despite the industry slump. 12 of
    these films ranked among the top 20 films released during the same period in terms of box office, including
    “The Wandering Earth 2 (流浪地球2)”, which ranked second in terms of the box office revenue during the
    Chinese Lunar New Year; “Moon Man (獨行月球)” and “Lighting Up the Stars (人生大事)”, which ranked
    first and second respectively in terms of the box office revenue during the summer movie season, as well as
    “Post Truth (保你平安)” and “Suzume (鈴芽之旅)”, which were released in the first quarter of 2023. The
    films invested by the Group won numerous awards in the industry, such as the 35th China Golden Rooster
    Awards (i.e. one of the most prestigious and coveted awards in the industry) for Best Actor, Best Director, Best
    Feature Film and Best Art Design. The Group has a rich content reserve, with a number of high-quality films
    which promote the value of selflessness involving ordinary persons performing heroic deeds that grows strong
    sentiment and positive vibes, such as “Lost in the stars (消失的她)”, “All Ears (不虛此行)”, “Be My Family (無
    價之寶)”, “Chang’an (長安三萬里)”, “I Did It My Way (潛行)” , “Advancing of ZQ (超能一家人)”, “Meg 2: The
    Trench (巨齒鯊2：深淵)” and “The Ex-File 4 (前任4：英年早婚)”. These films have either been scheduled for
    release (subject to market conditions) or are in the process of being scheduled.

    In addition to the significant investment in films, the Group has also been expanding its presence in other
    field of the content industry. Through the operation of studios, the Group has established close relationships
    with platforms, screenwriters and business partners, and continues to create high-quality content amidst
    the industrialization of content production. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s studios continued to
    release works that were widely recognized by the Chinese market. The works include sports-themed drama
    series “Falling into You (熾道)” (a production of Dunqi Studio (敦淇工作室)) which topped the Weibo drama
    influence chart eight times, and ranked first in terms of weekly popularity on TikTok and daily popularity
    on Youku for 20 consecutive days; urban-themed romance drama series “Lighter & Princess (點燃我，溫暖
    你)” (adapted from a popular novel “Lighter & Skirt (打火機與公主裙)”) which obtained a good rating of
    7.5 on Douban, was very popular on Youku, had over 690 related searches on Weibo and ranked first in
    terms of weekly popularity on various platforms, in particular Weibo and TikTok, numerous times during its
    broadcast; suspenseful blockbuster drama series “Be Reborn (重生之門)” which accounted for almost 11%
    of the total audience share measured by Beacon (燈塔正片播放市佔率) and received lots of positive feedback
    and comments from multiple media companies and was a finalist of the prestigious 31st China TV Golden
    Eagle Award for Outstanding Television Series; and self-produced drama series “Rising Lady (她們的名字)” (a
    production of Shisui Studio (拾穗工作室), released on Zhejiang STV and Youku) with the viewership ratings
    exceeding 1.8%, which ranked first in terms of the total audience share measured by Beacon (燈塔正片播
    放市佔率) for two consecutive weeks and was widely discussed on platforms such as Weibo and TikTok. The
    Group would continue to invest in high-quality content that could connect with the audience and could
    create timeless, touching and popular works. The Group plans to release its self-produced drama series,
    such as medical drama series “Surgery Live Room (手術直播間)”, motivational drama series “Pegasus (飛馳人
    生)”, rural-themed drama series “Fifth Place Fortune (第五名發家)” and urban-themed romance drama series
    “Endless Love (亦舞之城)”.
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
The Group’s revenue from the content segment was approximately RMB1,709 million for the Reporting Period,
a decrease of approximately 12% compared to approximately RMB1,948 million for the Corresponding Period.
The Group’s segment result from the content segment was approximately RMB282 million, a decrease of
approximately 11% compared to approximately RMB317 million for the Corresponding Period.


Technology

The technology business is an important part of the Group’s strategy and an essential force in the construction
of the Group’s pan-entertainment infrastructure that increases the use of technology in the entertainment
industry. The segment mainly comprises platform ticketing, digitalization and other businesses.

The Group’s platform ticketing business includes Tao Piao Piao (2C platform), Yunzhi (2B platform) and 北京
大麥文化傳媒發展有限公司 (Beijing Damai Cultural Media Development Co., Ltd.*) (“Beijing Damai”) (which
the Group is entrusted to manage and operate Beijing Damai’s live entertainment business). Tao Piao Piao is
an important platform of the Group, which provides ticketing services to cinemas and caters for consumers at
large when they make their viewing decisions. During the Reporting Period, Tao Piao Piao and Beijing Damai
jointly improved their “Taomai VIP” (淘麥VIP) membership program, where VIP members can have ticketing
privileges and better consumer experience, such as ticket price discounts, VIP fast pass and access to star-
studded events. As of March 31, 2023, the number of Taomai VIP members exceeded 15 million.

The Group has been exploring ways to integrate technology with members-oriented business. It introduced
its first “hyper-real” virtual idol, namely Leah. Leah was appointed as a digital brand spokesperson of Taomai
VIP and other projects. Digital humans are part of the Group’s smart digital technology business. The multi-
dimensional collaboration between Leah and “Suzume (鈴芽之旅)” laid a solid foundation for the Group’s new
sales model through integrating digital humans with other movies and drama series in the future.

Yunzhi, a leading cloud-based digital intelligence product that offers operation and management services to
cinemas, is designed to use technology to help cinemas improve operating and management efficiency and
reduce their operating costs. During the Reporting Period, Yunzhi ranked first among industry peers in terms
of the number of ticket-issuing cinemas. To integrate live entertainment business with the Group’s business,
the Group provided Beijing Damai with entrusted operation management services during the Reporting Period
to enhance operating efficiency while jointly exploring the business potential of live entertainment. Beijing
Damai’s live entertainment business expanded into the markets in Hong Kong and Macao, China, and such
expansion laid a solid foundation for Beijing Damai to expand its business into new jurisdictions or areas.

The Group’s digitalization platform business comprises an integrated content promotion and distribution
platform, consisting of “Beacon (燈塔)” (a promotion and distribution platform), “Dark Horse (黑馬)”(a
comprehensive marketing solutions designer) and “Taoxiu Media Group (淘秀光影)” (a content marketing
agency), for the purpose of providing a comprehensive coverage of marketing services. The digitalization
platform creates the underlying prediction logic and business models for promotion and distribution through
two digital platforms of Beacon (i.e. “Beacon Research (燈塔研究院)” and “Beacon Professional (燈塔專業
版)”), and offers comprehensive marketing solutions through Taoxiu Media Group and Dark Horse. Those
solutions will be constantly adjusted and optimized depending on the market feedback. During the Reporting
Period, the digitalization platform provided live streaming marketing services and content marketing services
on an exclusive basis for a number of films, drama series and variety shows, such as films “Moon Man (獨行
月球)” and “Exchange Lives (交換人生)”, drama series “Lighter & Princess (點燃我，溫暖你)” and also content
marketing services for various online drama series and brands.
     2022/23 年度報告
10   ANNUAL REPORT


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     Other technology products of the Group include the Cloud Production business, which is closely integrated
     with the production of film content and drama series content. Cloud Production is a digital product covering
     the entire production process and production scenarios and is designed to promote the industrialization for
     upgrading the pan-entertainment industry. Featured functions include production crew management, shooting
     management and financial management, which can assist production companies and crew in monitoring
     filming quality and filming progress, improving production efficiency and reducing production cost. During
     the Reporting Period, Cloud Production used its core technology to support more than 300 projects in the
     pan-entertainment industry, covering various genres such as drama series, films, animation, variety shows and
     documentaries. In addition, Cloud Production launched a new live event management system, which enables
     the production crew to control the filming quality on-site and to collaborate more efficiently. The function has
     been used by a number of production crew.

     The Group will continue to explore opportunities in smart digital technology business, use technology in the
     film production process and use innovative technology to create film content and drama series content.

     The Group’s revenue from the technology segment was approximately RMB1,268 million for the Reporting
     Period and remained largely stable compared to the Corresponding Period. The Group’s segment result
     from the technology segment was approximately RMB345 million, a decrease of 20% compared to the
     Corresponding Period. The decrease was primarily due to an adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
     film market in Mainland China.


     IP merchandising and commercialization

     The IP merchandising and commercialization business is the Group’s core business for expanding its presence
     in the entertainment industry. As a part of Alibaba’s ecosystem, the Group has an abundant reserve of
     heartwarming and storytelling IPs derived from films, drama series and variety shows which could express and
     convey consumers’ emotions and needs. IP merchandises provide consumers with a richer, better and more
     tangible product experience. This segment creates synergies with the content segment and allows consumers
     to build a deeper connection with IP characters and their stories across online and offline channels.

     To better connect with its consumers, the Group created a series of distinctive pop toys by combining the
     IPs of its pop toy brand “KOITAKE”, namely, “AZZO”, “Moon White (月白)”, “Jelly – Comedian (果凍 – 喜劇
     人)” and “YOKUKU”, with a number of movies, drama series and variety shows. Those pop toys showcase the
     personalities of drama characters and feature iconic drama scenes. During the Reporting Period, the Group
     created pop toys based on “Moon Man (獨行月球)” (the Group’s summer blockbuster), “Immortal Samsara
     (沉香如屑)” and “Being a Hero (冰雨火)” (each a popular drama series broadcast on Youku), “Street Dance of
     China Season 5 (這！就是街舞五)” (a popular variety show broadcast on Youku) and “Empresses in the Palace
     (甄嬛傳)” (a classic Chinese drama series). During the Reporting Period, the Group also partnered with studio
     artists to launch, on an exclusive basis, pop toys “Aroma Princess – Dunhuang Giraku (香料公主 – 敦煌伎樂系
     列)” and “Kayla’s Asylum (凱拉十世 – 瘋人院系列)”, offering rich content to meet the demands of different
     consumers.
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT           11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Apart from pop toys, the Group is committed to acquiring high-quality IPs, enhancing their visibility in the
market, facilitating its business partners to generate economic benefits from those IPs, and offering innovative
products to meet consumer needs. During the Reporting Period, the Group entered into an agreement with
Sanrio, where the Group could enjoy an exclusive right, with a term of 5 years commenced on January 1,
2023, to manufacture and sell merchandises of 26 Sanrio characters, such as Hello Kitty, Melody and Little
Twin Stars, in Mainland China. The number of the Group’s IPs and consumers increased as a result. The
cooperation allows the Group to introduce more high-quality IP products, to provide consumers with a richer
product experience and to form a win-win situation with its business partner.

During the Reporting Period, the online platform operated by the Group in Mainland China provided
fundraising and integrated e-commerce marketing services, on an exclusive basis, to “The Wandering Earth 2
(流浪地球2)” (which ranked second in terms of the box office revenue during the Chinese Lunar New Year)
and raised funds exceeding RMB130 million.

The Group is not only a discoverer of IP content, but also a service platform to commercialize IPs. Backed by
the Group’s licensing and marketing capabilities, the Group could integrate the resources across Alibaba’s
ecosystem and provide comprehensive distribution channels connecting both corporate customers and
individual consumers (IP2B2C). The Group aims to help develop the licensing industry in Mainland China
by providing leading merchants with ongoing support, incubating new brands and exploring popular and
emerging trends. During the Reporting Period, sales within the category of toys and figures at Tmall increased
by 27% year-over-year as the Group introduced crossover products and seasonal and innovative products.

The Group will continue to explore ways to realize the intrinsic value of its IPs, such that high-quality and
storytelling IPs are timeless, collectible and valuable.

The Group’s revenue and segment result from the IP merchandising and commercialization segment were
approximately RMB544 million and approximately RMB156 million for the Reporting Period, respectively.
The Group’s revenue increased by 23% year-over-year; whereas the Group’s segment result decreased by
approximately RMB41 million, mainly due to the closure of offline stores during the COVID-19 pandemic and
the Group’s investments to improve the quality of IPs and products.
     2022/23 年度報告
12   ANNUAL REPORT


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     PROSPECTS

     As the cultural and entertainment industry continued to recover, the total box office revenue was
     approximately RMB6,765 million during the Chinese Lunar New Year in 2023, reaching the pre-pandemic
     level. Against this backdrop, the Group would further increase its presence in the pan-entertainment industry
     through enhancing its dual engine strategy featuring content and technology. In the face of a complex and
     ever-changing market environment, the Group will continue to invest in high-quality content, innovations and
     customer value and to focus on three key areas for its business growth: creating high-quality content, building
     the infrastructure in the cultural and entertainment industry and enriching the pan-entertainment ecosystem.
     The Group will continue to collaborate with Alibaba’s ecosystem and to leverage its unique strengths in
     content and technology to offer diversified content at different points in time and through multiple channels,
     while benefiting more market participants and the cultural industry.

     Looking ahead, the Group will continue to:

     1.     make significant investments in a full range of entertainment content and improve its capabilities to
            produce a broader set of content, including film content and drama series content, with a view to
            delivering high-quality content to the market steadily;

     2.     expand the scope of its technology platform services and explore business opportunities associated with
            digital humans and explore multiple business models for IP merchandising and commercialization; and

     3.     promote its collaboration and cooperation within Alibaba’s ecosystem to unlock the potential of
            “content + technology”.

     The Group expects to finance its business initiatives in the financial year ending March 31, 2024 with its own
     internal resources, but may seek external financing if appropriate opportunities and conditions arise.


     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue and Profit

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB3,520 million, which remained
     largely stable compared to the Corresponding Period. The Group recorded a turnaround from profit to loss,
     and the net loss attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB291 million, for the Reporting
     Period, primarily due to the loss on the Group’s listed equity investments. After excluding such loss and other
     relevant items, the Group’s adjusted EBITA for the Reporting Period remained positive and was approximately
     RMB295 million, an increase of 106% year-over-year.

     Basic and diluted loss per share of the Company (the “Share”) decreased from earnings per Share of RMB0.64
     cents for the Corresponding Period to loss per Share of RMB1.09 cents for the Reporting Period.
                                                                                            2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT           13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses

Selling and marketing expenses of the Group decreased by approximately RMB216 million year-over-year
from approximately RMB565 million for the Corresponding Period to approximately RMB349 million for the
Reporting Period. Selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased from 15% for the
Corresponding Period to 10% for the Reporting Period, reflecting the Group’s prudence in incurring marketing
expenses in the face of market uncertainties.

Administrative expenses of the Group decreased by approximately RMB157 million year-over-year from
approximately RMB925 million for the Corresponding Period to approximately RMB768 million for the
Reporting Period as the Group improved its operating efficiency whilst reducing cost.


Net Finance Income

During the Reporting Period, the net finance income of the Group was approximately RMB109 million, mainly
comprising interest income on bank deposits and gains on foreign exchange. As the Group held cash reserves
in various foreign currencies, gains on foreign exchange were due to the depreciation of RMB against U.S.
dollar (“USD”) during the Reporting Period.


Material Investments

As of March 31, 2023, the Group held 17 investments in joint ventures and associates, all of which were
accounted for using the equity method, with a total book value of approximately RMB1,827 million. As of
March 31, 2023, the Group also held 13 investments in unlisted companies and one investment in a listed
company, all of which were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, with a total book
value of approximately RMB760 million.


The Group’s three largest investments were Bona Film Group Co., Limited (“Bona Film”), YH Entertainment
Group and Shanghai Tingdong Film Co., Ltd.* (上海亭東影業有限公司), all of which were engaged in the
film production and distribution business, artist management and other pan-entertainment businesses.
The investment in Bona Film constitutes a significant investment of the Group, with an investment amount
of approximately RMB840 million, representing approximately 6.18% of the equity interest in Bona Film.
As of March 31, 2023, the carrying amount of the Group’s long-term equity investment in Bona Film was
approximately RMB883 million, representing 5.67% of the Group’s total assets. During the Reporting Period,
the Group did not receive any dividend and recorded an unrealized loss of approximately RMB138 million in
respect of such investment. The management of the Company expects that there will not be material adverse
change in its investment in Bona Film in the financial year ending March 31, 2024, but its value may still be
affected by future market conditions.


The Group adopted a conservative investment strategy to manage its investment portfolio (including its
investment in Bona Film) during the Reporting Period. Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have
other plans for material investments and capital assets as of March 31, 2023.
     2022/23 年度報告
14   ANNUAL REPORT


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     Financial Resources and Liquidity

     As of March 31, 2023, the Group held cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits with the maturity within
     one year of approximately RMB3,920 million (March 31, 2022: approximately RMB3,560 million), which were
     denominated in RMB, USD and Hong Kong dollar. As of March 31, 2023, the Group had a net cash position
     with a gearing ratio (being net borrowings over total equity) of nil (March 31, 2022: nil). The Group actively
     and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between shareholder returns and
     a sound capital position. The Group may make adjustments, where necessary, to maintain an optimal capital
     structure and to reduce the cost of capital. Further, the Group may purchase wealth management products,
     where appropriate, in line with its treasury and investment policies, after taking into account, among other
     things, level of risk, return on investment, liquidity and term of maturity.


     Foreign Exchange Risks

     While the majority of the Group’s production costs and administrative costs are denominated and settled
     in RMB, the Group requires foreign currencies for some of its offshore investments and collaborations with
     studios outside Mainland China. The Group will continue to closely monitor its capital needs and manage
     foreign exchange risks accordingly. As of March 31, 2023, the Group did not have a foreign currency hedging
     policy nor has it used any currency hedging instruments or financial instruments for hedging purpose, but will
     closely monitor its foreign currency exposure in a cost-effective manner.


     Charge on Assets

     As of March 31, 2023, the Group did not have any indebtedness secured by assets. As of March 31, 2022, the
     Group’s fixed assets with a value of approximately RMB9 million were pledged for borrowings in the amount
     of approximately RMB9 million.


     Contingent Liabilities

     As of March 31, 2023, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (March 31, 2022: nil).


     Material Acquisitions and Disposals

     During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
     associates or joint ventures.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Employees and Remuneration Policies

As of March 31, 2023, the Group had 1,393 employees (March 31, 2022: 1,334 employees). The total
employee benefit expenses of the Group were approximately RMB860 million for the Reporting Period (March
31, 2022: approximately RMB649 million). The remuneration policies of the Group are determined based
on prevailing market rates and the performance of the Group and individual employees. These policies are
reviewed on a regular basis. The Group strongly believes that our staff is an invaluable asset to the Group and
is significant to the Group’s business. Therefore, the Group recognizes the importance of maintaining a good
relationship with employees. In addition to salary, the Group also provides its employees with fringe benefits,
including year-end bonuses, discretionary bonuses, share options under the Company’s share option schemes,
awarded Shares under the Company’s share award scheme, contributory provident fund, social security fund,
medical benefits and training.

Details of the basis of determining the emolument payable to the Directors, please refer to the section headed
“CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT – BOARD COMMITTEES – Remuneration Committee” on pages 92 and
93 of this report.


Subsequent Events

There was no important event which might affect the Group after March 31, 2023 and up to the date of this
report.
     2022/23 年度報告
16   ANNUAL REPORT

     BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
     OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Executive Directors

     Mr. FAN Luyuan, aged 50 and appointed to the Board as executive Director on January 1, 2016, is the
     chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer, the chairman of each of the executive committee and the
     nomination committee and a member of the remuneration committee of the Company. He is also a director of
     certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Fan is a member of Alibaba Partnership and is currently the chairman
     and chief executive officer of Alibaba Digital Media and Entertainment Group. He joined Alipay in 2007, and
     served consecutively as senior director of Development Department, assistant president, vice president and
     senior vice president. He was also president of Alipay Business Unit and Wealth Management Business Unit
     at Ant Financial Services Group. In 2010, he and his team pioneered the first ever Quick Payment, which
     improved the success rate of online transactions and greatly enhanced user experience. In 2013, Mr. Fan led
     his team to create Yu’e Bao, which is now one of the world’s largest financial products on the internet with
     over 600 million users, allowing mass consumers to be able to benefit from easy access to financial products.
     In addition, he and his team made the Alipay APP one of the most popular internet products in China within
     three years. He holds an executive master’s degree in business administration from Cheung Kong Graduate
     School of Business.

     Mr. LI Jie, aged 48 and appointed to the Board on June 24, 2020, is an executive Director and a member
     of the executive committee of the Company. Mr. Li joined the Group on October 1, 2017 and is currently
     the president of the Group, responsible for the investment, promotion and distribution of films and the user
     platform business in Mainland China. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Li is a
     vice president of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“AGH”, together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”) and
     the president of Beijing Damai. Mr. Li is also a non-executive director of AGTech Holdings Limited (Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange (“SEHK”) stock code: 8279).

     He has served as a director of Shanghai Tingdong Film Co., Ltd.* (上海亭東影業有限公司) since January 2019
     and a non-independent director of Beijing Enlight Media Co., Ltd.* (北京光線傳媒股份有限公司) (Shenzhen
     Stock Exchange (“SZSE”) stock code: 300251) since November 12, 2019. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Li
     worked at Youku Tudou Inc. as senior vice president, responsible for strategic partnership, human resources
     and relevant functions; he joined Alibaba Group in April 2016 upon completion of its acquisition of Youku
     Tudou Inc. and served as the general manager of its digital entertainment business unit. Mr. Li also held
     some key management positions at AsiaInfo Technology Co., Ltd* (亞信科技股份有限公司) and Acer Group,
     serving as vice president and general manager of business department, respectively. Mr. Li holds a Bachelor of
     Engineering from Tianjin University and an EMBA degree from China Europe International Business School.

     Mr. MENG Jun, aged 43 and appointed to the Board on March 5, 2019, is an executive Director, chief
     financial officer and a member of the executive committee of the Company. He is also a director of certain
     subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Meng joined the Group on April 9, 2018. Before joining the Group,
     Mr. Meng served at Alibaba Group, where he held key financial management positions at a number of
     business units, including among others, Tao Dian Dian, Taobao Movie (now known as Tao Piao Piao), Tmall
     Supermarket and Alibaba Digital Media and Entertainment Group; he continues to hold some of these
     positions after joining the Group. Prior to joining Alibaba Group, Mr. Meng held auditing and financial
     advisory positions at various companies, such as E&Y and IBM. Mr. Meng has been a non-independent director
     of Bona Film Group Co., Limited (SZSE stock code: 001330) since May 2023. Mr. Meng holds a bachelor’s
     degree in economics from Beijing Technology and Business University.
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             17
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Non-Executive Director

Mr. TUNG Pen Hung, aged 53 and appointed to the Board on May 15, 2023, is a non-executive Director. Mr.
Tung has been the president of corporate development department of Alibaba Group since May 2023. From
January 2016 to April 2023, he was the chief marketing officer of Alibaba Group. He was also the president
of Alimama from November 2017 to November 2018. He was the chief executive officer of VML China, a
marketing agency, from October 2010 to January 2016. Prior to joining VML China, he was at PepsiCo China
from October 2004 to October 2010 where he served as vice president of marketing. Prior to that, Mr. Tung
worked at Proctor & Gamble from 1995 to 1998, Gigamedia from 1998 to 2001 and L’Oréal Paris from
2001 to 2003 in various senior management positions. Mr. Tung has been a director of Weibo Corporation,
a Chinese social network company listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: WB) and the Main Board of The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) (SEHK stock code: 9898) and a non-
executive director of AGTech Holdings Limited, a company listed on GEM of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
(SEHK stock code: 8279), since January 2022 and May 2023, respectively. He received a bachelor of science in
electrical engineering from the Taiwan University and a master of science in engineering from the University of
Michigan, Ann Arbor, the United States in 1992 and 1995, respectively.


Independent Non-Executive Directors

Ms. SONG Lixin, aged 55 and appointed to the Board on December 22, 2014, is an independent non-
executive Director and a member of each of the audit committee and the remuneration committee of the
Company. She has been the chairperson of the board of directors of Yingcaiyuan Investment Management
Co., Ltd.* (英才元投資管理有限公司) since December 2015. Ms. Song has more than 20 years of experience
in the cultural and business sector. Ms. Song founded the China Annual Management Summit in 2001 which
has continued to run for 21 consecutive years to date. Ms. Song has been an independent director of Bona
Film Group Co., Limited (SZSE stock code: 001330) since May 2023. Ms. Song holds a bachelor’s degree in law
from Renmin University of China and received an MBA degree from Tsinghua University.

Mr. TONG Xiaomeng, aged 49 and appointed to the Board on June 27, 2014, is an independent non-
executive Director, the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of each of the audit
committee and the nomination committee of the Company. He is a co-founder and managing partner at Boyu
Capital. Prior to founding Boyu Capital, Mr. Tong was a managing director at General Atlantic and Providence
Equity Partners, where he headed both firms’ Greater China practice and served as a director at a number
of publicly-listed and privately-held companies. Mr. Tong graduated from Harvard University where he was a
member of Phi Beta Kappa.

Mr. Tong is currently a non-executive director of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd.* (Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”)
stock code: 603259 and SEHK stock code: 2359).
     2022/23 年度報告
18   ANNUAL REPORT

     BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
     OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Johnny CHEN, aged 63 and appointed to the Board as independent non-executive Director on January
     29, 2016, is the chairman of the audit committee and a member of the nomination committee of the
     Company. Mr. Chen joined the management of Zurich Insurance Group (“Zurich”) in 2005. He worked in
     Zurich from March 2005 to February 2015 in multiple senior managerial roles in Asia-Pacific region. His last
     position in Zurich was the chairman of China. Prior to joining Zurich, Mr. Chen was an executive member of
     the Greater-China Management Board and the Operating Committee of PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”), as
     well as a managing partner of PwC’s Beijing office. Mr. Chen holds a Master of Science Degree in Accounting
     from the University of Rhode Island and a Bachelor Degree of Accounting from the Johnson & Wales
     University. He is a U.S. certified public accountant.

     Mr. Chen is currently an independent non-executive director of each of Uni-President China Holdings Ltd.
     (SEHK stock code: 220) and China Travel International Investment Hong Kong Limited (SEHK stock code: 308).
     Mr. Chen was an independent non-executive director of Stella International Holdings Limited (SEHK stock
     code: 1836) from February 2009 to May 2023. He was an executive director (December 2017 – December
     2020), non-executive director (January 2021 – March 2021) and the chairman (December 2017 – March 2021)
     of the board of directors of Convoy Global Holdings Limited (SEHK stock code: 1019).

     Details of the Directors’ interests in the shares ad underlying shares of the Company as at March 31, 2023 are
     set out on the section headed “DIRECTORS’ REPORT - INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE” of
     this report.


     Company Secretary

     Ms. CHUN Ka Yan has been the company secretary of the Company since June 30, 2022. She has more than
     10 years of working experience in the legal field and is currently a senior legal counsel in Alibaba Group. Prior
     to joining Alibaba Group, she was a partner in P. C. Woo & Co. from November 2019 to January 2022. She
     also worked at various local and international law firms from 2010 to 2019. Ms. Chun obtained a Bachelor of
     Business Administration degree from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and a Graduate
     Diploma in Law (Common Professional Examination). She was admitted as a solicitor of the High Court of
     Hong Kong in 2010 and is currently a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong.

     Ms. LEW Aishan Nicole was the company secretary of the Company from October 23, 2020 to June 30,
     2022. She joined Alibaba Group in August 2014 and is currently a legal director. She was previously the
     general counsel (March 2016 to August 2020) and company secretary (June 2016 to August 2020) of Alibaba
     Health Information Technology Limited (SEHK stock code: 241). Prior to joining Alibaba Group, she worked
     at Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer from 2006 to 2014. Ms. Lew obtained a Bachelor of Laws honors degree
     from University College London and is qualified to practice law in England and Wales. She was admitted as a
     solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong in 2008 and is a current member of the Law Society of Hong Kong.

     Save as disclosed herein, none of the Directors or senior management has a relationship (including financial,
     business, family or other material relationship) with each other.
                                                                                      2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT           19
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Changes in Directors and Senior Management

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
(the “Listing Rules”), the changes in particulars of Directors and senior management during and after the
Reporting Period are set out below:

Mr. Liu Zheng ceased to serve as a non-executive Director with effect from May 15, 2023.

Mr. Tung Pen Hung was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from May 15, 2023.

Ms. Lew Aishan Nicole ceased to serve as the company secretary of the Company on June 30, 2022.

Ms. Chun Ka Yan was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on June 30, 2022.




*   For identification purposes only
     2022/23 年度報告
20   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT
     The Board presents their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
     Reporting Period.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

     The Company is an investment holding company. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in Note
     34 to the consolidated financial statements.


     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

     The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on
     page 125.

     The directors of the Company (the “Director(s)”) do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the
     financial year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: nil).

     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, there is no arrangement under which
     any Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend.


     SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY

     Details of share capital of the Company are set out in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     As at March 31, 2023, the Company’s distributable reserves calculated in accordance with the provisions of
     the Bermuda Companies Act was nil (March 31, 2022: RMB736 million).


     BUSINESS REVIEW

     The business review of the Group as at March 31, 2023 is set out under the section headed “Management
     Discussion and Analysis” of this report on pages 6 to 15.


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

     Principal risks and uncertainties the Group faces are set out under the sections headed “Corporate Governance
     Report – Accountability and Audit – Risk Management and Internal Control – Management and Disclosure of
     Material Risks” of this report on pages 102 to 105 and “Directors’ Report – Contractual Arrangements – Risks
     associated with the Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to mitigate the risks” of
     this report on pages 73 to 74.


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out
     on page 226.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            21
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the publication date of this report were:


Executive Directors
Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Li Jie
Mr. Meng Jun


Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Tung Pen Hung (Appointed on May 15, 2023)
Mr. Liu Zheng (Resigned on May 15, 2023)


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Ms. Song Lixin
Mr. Tong Xiaomeng
Mr. Johnny Chen

On May 15, 2023, Mr. Liu Zheng resigned as non-executive Director to focus on his other work commitments
with Alibaba Group. Mr. Liu has also confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board. On the same day,
Mr. Tung Pen Hung was appointed as non-executive Director.

Except as disclosed above, no Director had resigned from the office or refused to stand for re-election to the
office during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

In accordance with bye-law 87(2) of the Bye-laws, Mr. Fan Luyuan, Ms. Song Lixin and Mr. Tong Xiaomeng
shall retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting (“AGM”) and, all being eligible,
have offered themselves for re-election.

In accordance with bye-law 86(2) of the Bye-laws, Mr. Tung Pen Hung shall hold office only until the
forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, offer himself for re-election.

The Directors’ biographical details are set out on pages 16 to 19.
     2022/23 年度報告
22   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

     As at March 31, 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the
     Company and their associates in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its
     associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Hong Kong
     (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or
     as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
     Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the
     Listing Rules were as follows:


     Long position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                    Percentage
                                                                                                                 of Aggregate
                                                                                                                   Interests to
                                                                                                                  Total Issued
                                                   Number of              Derivatives                            Share Capital
                                                    Ordinary           Share            Awarded     Aggregate             of the
     Name of Director    Capacity                 Shares held         Options             Shares     Interests       Company
                                                                                                                        (Note 1)

     Fan Luyuan          Beneficial owner             665,882       11,175,000          9,480,000   21,320,882           0.08%

     Li Jie              Beneficial owner           4,118,336                –      18,193,750      22,312,086           0.08%

     Meng Jun            Beneficial owner             177,796                –          2,785,000    2,962,796           0.01%

     Note:

     1.       Based on a total of 26,975,740,156 ordinary Shares in issue as at March 31, 2023.
                                                                                                    2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT             23
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE (Continued)

Long position in the shares and underlying shares of AGH, an associated corporation of the
Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO

                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                               aggregate
                                                                                                             interests to
                                                                                                      total issued share
Name of Director            Capacity          Number of shares/underlying shares held                    capital of AGH
                                                    (in the number
                                                       of American             (in the number
                                                  Depositary Shares         of ordinary shares
                                                (“ADS(s)”) of AGH)                    of AGH)
                                                           (Note 1)                   (Note 1)                     (Note 2)

Fan Luyuan                  Note 3                          506,553                  4,052,424                      0.02%
Li Jie                      Note 4                           81,347                    650,776                      0.00%
Meng Jun                    Note 5                           15,490                    123,920                      0.00%
Liu Zheng                   Note 6                           22,382                    179,056                      0.00%
Tong Xiaomeng               Note 7                          117,647                    941,176                      0.00%
Johnny Chen                 Note 8                              100                        800                      0.00%

Notes:

1.       One ADS of AGH represents eight ordinary shares of AGH; and one restricted share unit (“RSU(s)”) of AGH
         represents one ADS of AGH.

2.       Based on a total of 20,680,409,344 ordinary shares of AGH in issue as at March 31, 2023.

3.       The interest comprised (i) 15,028 ADSs of AGH and 22,668 RSUs of AGH held by Mr. Fan Luyuan beneficially; and (ii)
         468,857 ADSs of AGH held by a trust, of which Mr. Fan Luyuan is a founder.

4.       The interest comprised 55,995 ADSs of AGH and 25,352 RSUs of AGH held by Mr. Li Jie beneficially.

5.       The interest comprised (i) 7,917 ADSs of AGH and 5,450 RSUs of AGH held by Mr. Meng Jun beneficially; and (ii)
         2,123 ADSs of AGH held by the spouse of Mr. Meng Jun.

6.       The interest comprised 11,882 ADSs of AGH and 10,500 RSUs of AGH held by Mr. Liu Zheng beneficially. Mr. Liu
         resigned on May 15, 2023.

7.       The interest comprised 117,647 ADSs of AGH held by Mr. Tong Xiaomeng beneficially.

8.       The interest comprised 100 ADSs of AGH held by Mr. Johnny Chen beneficially.
     2022/23 年度報告
24   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE (Continued)

     Long position in the shares and underlying shares of Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited
     (“Cainiao”), an associated corporation of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the
     SFO

                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                                  percentage of
                                                                                                                       aggregate
                                                                                                                     interests to
                                                            Number of relevant class of shares/               total issued share
     Name of Director                 Capacity               underlying shares of Cainiao held                capital of Cainiao
                                                                      (class A                 (class B
                                                              ordinary shares)        ordinary shares)                       (Note)

     Liu Zheng (resigned on
        May 15, 2023)                 Beneficial Owner              5,460,000               6,200,000                       0.07%

     Note:   As at March 31, 2023, the issued share capital of Cainiao was made up of 15,212,555,296 ordinary shares,
             478,993,010 class A ordinary shares and 172,724,237 class B ordinary shares; Mr. Liu Zheng was interested in
             5,460,000 class A ordinary shares and 6,200,000 class B ordinary shares, representing approximately 1.14% and
             3.59% of the relevant class of shares in issue of Cainiao respectively, and was not interested in any ordinary share in
             issue of Cainiao.


     Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2023, none of the Directors, chief executive of the Company nor
     their respective associates had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures
     of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded
     in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
     Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES

     2021 Share Option Scheme

     The Shareholders approved the adoption of share option schemes on May 23, 2002 (the “2002 Share Option
     Scheme”) and June 11, 2012 (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”) respectively. The 2002 Share Option Scheme
     expired on May 22, 2012 and no further share options of the Company (the “Share Options”) shall be granted
     under the 2002 Share Option Scheme thereafter. All outstanding Share Options granted under the 2002 Share
     Option Scheme lapsed during the year ended December 31, 2015.

     On August 31, 2021, the Shareholders approved the termination of the 2012 Share Option Scheme upon the
     new share option scheme (the “2021 Share Option Scheme”) becoming effective. Following the Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange’s granting the approval of the listing of, and the permission to deal in, the Shares to be issued
     pursuant to the exercise of the Share Options granted under the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the adoption of
     the 2021 Share Option Scheme and the termination of the 2012 Share Option Scheme have become effective
     from September 6, 2021. All outstanding Share Options granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme shall
     remain valid and exercisable in accordance with the terms thereof.

     The 2012 Share Option Scheme and the 2021 Share Option Scheme were adopted before the effective date of
     the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules which became effective on January 1, 2023. The Company will comply
     with the new Chapter 17 in accordance with the transitional arrangements for the 2012 Share Option Scheme
     and the 2021 Share Option Scheme.
                                                                                          2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT            25
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the rules of the 2021 Share Option Scheme:

Purpose

The purpose of the 2021 Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant Share Options to selected
Participants (as defined in the paragraph headed “Participants” below) as incentives and/or rewards for their
contribution and support to the Group and any entity in which the Group holds any equity interest (“Invested
Entity”) and/or to recruit and retain high-calibre employees of the Company, any subsidiary of the Company
or any Invested Entity (“Employee(s)”) and attract human resources that are valuable to the Group and
any Invested Entity. The basis of eligibility of any of the Participants for the grant of Share Options shall be
determined by the Board from time to time on the basis of the Board’s opinion as to his/her contribution or
potential contribution to the development and growth of the Group.

Participants

The participants of the 2021 Share Option Scheme (“Participants”) refers to any person belonging to any of
the following classes of participants:

(i)     any Employee;

(ii)    any executive or non-executive Director (including independent non-executive Director), any subsidiary
        of the Company or any Invested Entity;

(iii)   any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

(iv)    any person or entity that provides research, development or other technical support to the Group or any
        Invested Entity;

(v)     any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities
        issued by any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

(vi)    any adviser (professional or otherwise) or consultant to any area of business or business development of
        any member of the Group or any Invested Entity; and

(vii)   any joint venture partner or counterparty to business operation or business arrangements of the Group,

who the Board considers, in its sole discretion, has contributed or will contribute to the Company, and for the
purposes of the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the Share Options may be granted to any company wholly owned
by one or more persons belonging to any of the above classes of Participants.
     2022/23 年度報告
26   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Duration and Administration

     The 2021 Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for the period (“Scheme Period”) commencing
     on the date on which the 2021 Share Option Scheme becomes unconditional (being September 6, 2021, the
     “Option Scheme Adoption Date”) and expiring on the earlier of:

     –     the tenth anniversary of the Option Scheme Adoption Date; and

     –     the date on which the 2021 Share Option Scheme is terminated pursuant to the rules of the 2021 Share
           Option Scheme.

     After the Scheme Period, no further Share Options will be granted or accepted but the provisions of the 2021
     Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects.

     The 2021 Share Option Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board (including the independent
     non-executive Directors) whose decision as to all matters relating to the 2021 Share Option Scheme or its
     interpretations or effect (save as otherwise provided therein) shall be final and binding on all parties.

     As at March 31, 2023, the remaining life of the 2021 Share Option Scheme is approximately 8.5 years.

     Grant of Share Options

     On and subject to the terms of the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the Board shall be entitled at any time
     and from time to time during the Scheme Period to offer to grant to any Participant as the Board may in
     its absolute discretion select, and subject to such conditions (including but not limited to imposing vesting
     period(s) for the Share Options) (which shall not be inconsistent with the terms of the 2021 Share Option
     Scheme) as the Board may think fit, a Share Option to subscribe for such number of Shares (as may be
     permitted under the terms of the 2021 Share Option Scheme) as the Board may determine at the Subscription
     Price (as defined in the paragraph headed “Subscription Price” below).

     There is no specific requirement on the length of the vesting period of a Share Option but the Board is
     empowered to impose at its discretion any such period at the time of an offer of the grant of a Share Option.

     An offer of the grant of a Share Option shall be made to a Participant by letter in such form or means
     (including in hard copy or electronic format) as the Board may from time to time determine requiring such
     Participant to whom any offer of the grant of a Share Option is made (“Offeree”) to undertake to hold the
     Share Option on the terms on which it is to be granted and to be bound by the provisions of the 2021 Share
     Option Scheme (the “Offer Letter”). Such offer shall be personal to the Offeree and shall not be transferable,
     and shall remain open for acceptance by the Offeree for a period (“Acceptance Period”) of 21 days from the
     date of grant provided that no such offer shall be open for acceptance after the expiry of the Scheme Period.

     A Share Option shall be deemed to have been accepted when (a) (where applicable) the duplicate of the Offer
     Letter and/or (b) the acceptance form of such offer is duly signed and dated by the Offeree in such form and
     means as specified in the Offer Letter, together with a remittance in favour of the Company of HK$1.00 by
     way of consideration for the grant thereof is received or deemed to be received by the Company within the
     Acceptance Period. Such remittance shall in no circumstances be refundable.
                                                                                          2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT            27
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Grant of Share Options (Continued)

The grant of Share Options to a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder (as defined in the
Listing Rules) of the Company or any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) under
the 2021 Share Option Scheme shall be approved by all independent non-executive Directors (excluding any
independent non-executive Director who is a grantee (namely, any Participant who accepts the offer of the
grant of any Share Option or a person entitled to any such Share Option in accordance with the terms of the
2021 Share Option Scheme in consequence of the death of the original grantee) of the Share Option(s) in
question).

Where the grant of Share Options to a substantial shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company
or an independent non-executive Director or any of their respective associates would result in the Shares
issued and to be issued upon exercise of the Share Options already granted and to be granted (including all
the exercised, cancelled and outstanding Share Options) to such connected person (as defined in the Listing
Rules) in any 12-month period up to and including the date of grant, representing in aggregate more than
0.1% of the Shares in issue for the time being and having the aggregate value (based on the closing price of
the Shares) of which is in excess of HK$5,000,000, such further grant of Share Options must be approved by
the Shareholders in general meeting.

Subscription Price

The price per Share at which a grantee may subscribe for Shares on the exercise of a Share Option
(“Subscription Price”) shall be a price notified by the Board to the Offeree (subject to any adjustments) and
shall be at least the highest of:

(a)    the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on
       the date of grant which must be a business day;

(b)    the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations
       sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and

(c)    the nominal value of a Share.

Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Board may grant Share Options in respect of which
the Subscription Price is fixed at different prices for different periods during a period of 10 years commencing
on the date of grant of a Share Option and expiring on the last day of the said 10-year period (the “Option
Period”) provided that the Subscription Price for each of the different periods shall not be less than the
Subscription Price determined in the manner set out in the paragraph above.
     2022/23 年度報告
28   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Exercise of Share Options

     A Share Option shall be personal to the grantee and shall not be transferable or assignable and no grantee
     shall in any way sell, transfer, assign, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any interest in, over or to any
     Share Option in favour of any third party. The Company may, after having reasonably satisfied itself that the
     grantee shall have committed a breach of this paragraph, revoke any Share Option granted to such grantee (to
     the extent that it has become exercisable and not already exercised by notice). Such revocation shall be final
     and binding on such grantee.

     Subject to other provisions in the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the Offer Letter and any restrictions which
     may be imposed by the Board or applicable under the Listing Rules and notwithstanding the terms of grant
     thereof, the Share Option, to the extent it is vested and has not expired, may be exercised by the grantee at
     any time during the Option Period, provided that, among others, at the time of exercise of the Share Option,
     the grantee (as an Employee) shall have already been and remains as an Employee for a period of 12 months
     or more.

     There is no general requirement that a Share Option must be held for any minimum period before it can be
     exercised but the Board is empowered to impose at its discretion any such minimum period at the time of an
     offer of the grant of a Share Option.

     Maximum Limit

     The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding Share Options granted
     and yet to be exercised under the 2021 Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company shall
     not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time. No Share Option may be granted under the 2021
     Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company if this will result in the maximum number of the
     Shares referred to in this paragraph being exceeded.

     Share Options lapsed or cancelled in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Share Option Scheme or any other
     schemes shall not be counted for the purposes of calculating the said 30% limit.

     Subject to any other relevant provisions in the 2021 Share Option Scheme, the total number of Shares
     available for issue upon exercise of all Share Options which have been or may be granted under the 2021
     Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company must not, in aggregate, exceed 2,683,678,641
     Shares, representing 10% of the Shares in issue as at the Option Scheme Adoption Date (the “Scheme
     Mandate Limit”). Share Options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Share Option Scheme will
     not be counted for the purpose of calculating the 10% limit.

     If the Company conducts a share consolidation or subdivision after the 10% limit has been approved in
     general meeting, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon exercise of all Share Options to be
     granted under the 2021 Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company under the 10% limit as
     a percentage of the total number of issued Shares at the date immediately before and after such consolidation
     or subdivision shall be the same.

     The Company may seek separate approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to grant Share Options
     beyond the Scheme Mandate Limit, provided that the Share Options in excess of the Scheme Mandate Limit
     are granted only to Participants specifically identified by the Company before such approval is sought.
                                                                                          2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Individual Limit

The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the Share Options granted to each
grantee (including both exercised and outstanding Share Options) in any 12-month period must not exceed
1% of the aggregate number of Shares for the time being in issue.

Where any further grant of Share Options to a grantee would result in the Shares issued and to be issued
upon exercise of all Share Options granted and to be granted to such grantee (including exercised, cancelled
and outstanding Share Options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant
representing in aggregate over 1% of the aggregate number of Shares for the time being in issue, such further
grant must be separately approved by the Shareholders in general meeting with such grantee and his close
associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) (or his associates if he is a connected person (as defined in the
Listing Rules)) abstaining from voting.

As at the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the 2021 Share
Option Scheme was 2,683,678,641 Shares, representing approximately 9.95% of the total number of Shares
in issue.

Movements of Share Options

As of March 31, 2023, no Share Option was granted under the 2021 Share Option Scheme.

As at March 31, 2023, a total of 13,475,000 Share Options had been granted and remained outstanding
under the 2012 Share Option Scheme, representing approximately 0.05% of the Shares in issue as at the date
of this report. No participant was granted with Share Options in excess of the individual limit as set out in the
2012 Share Option Scheme. Further details of the 2012 Share Option Scheme are set out in Note 25 to the
consolidated financial statements.

The total numbers of options available for grant under the 2021 Share Option Scheme as at April 1, 2022 and
March 31, 2023 were 2,683,678,641 and 2,683,678,641, respectively, representing approximately 9.95% and
9.95% of the Company’s issued share capital as at the respective dates.
     2022/23 年度報告
30   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Movements of Share Options (Continued)

     Movements of the Share Options granted by the Company pursuant to the 2012 Share Option Scheme during
     the Reporting Period were as follows:

                                                               Weighted
                                                                average
                                                 Closing         closing
                                                 price of        price of
                                                  Shares          Shares
                                            immediately     immediately
                                              before the      before the
                                                date on         date on
                                              which the       which the                   Granted    Exercised                  Cancelled
                                                   Share           Share Outstanding        during      during       Lapsed        during Outstanding
                                Exercise        Options         Options         as at          the         the       during           the        as at
                     Date of        price           were            were      April 1,   Reporting   Reporting the Reporting    Reporting   March 31,     Vesting
     Category         grant    per share        granted        exercised        2022        Period      Period        Period       Period        2023      period
                                   (HK$)            (HK$)           (HK$)                                                                                  (Notes)

     Directors
     Fan Luyuan   05/06/2020       1.070           1.050              –      3,675,000           –          –              –             –    3,675,000      1(iv)
                  16/06/2021       1.066           1.060              –      7,500,000           –          –              –             –    7,500,000      1(iv)
     Li Jie       21/05/2018       0.912           0.910              –      5,000,000           –          –              –     5,000,000            –      1(ii)
                  31/05/2019       1.630           1.600              –      6,000,000           –          –              –     6,000,000            –      1(ii)
                  05/06/2020       1.070           1.050              –     14,000,000           –          –              –    14,000,000            –      1(ii)
                  16/06/2021       1.066           1.060              –      5,625,000           –          –              –     5,625,000            –      1(ii)
     Meng Jun     05/06/2020       1.070           1.050              –        780,000           –          –              –       780,000            –      1(ii)
                  16/06/2021       1.066           1.060              –      1,500,000           –          –              –     1,500,000            –      1(ii)

     Employees    28/01/2015       1.670           1.650              –        600,000           –          –              –       600,000            –       1(i)
                  13/04/2016       1.880           1.890              –      5,200,000           –          –      5,000,000       200,000            –      1(ii)
                  03/06/2016       1.860           1.860              –        450,000           –          –              –       450,000            –      1(ii)
                  24/10/2017       1.276           1.270              –      6,200,000           –          –      5,000,000     1,200,000            –      1(ii)
                  18/01/2018       1.060           1.070              –      1,200,000           –          –              –             –    1,200,000       1(i)
                  21/05/2018       0.912           0.910              –      7,700,000           –          –              –     7,700,000            –       1(i)
                  21/05/2018       0.912           0.910              –     30,000,000           –          –     12,600,000    17,400,000            –      1(ii)
                  26/09/2018       1.020           1.010              –      9,549,000           –          –              –     9,549,000            –       1(i)
                  26/09/2018       1.020           1.010              –     11,250,000           –          –      5,000,000     6,250,000            –      1(ii)
                  31/05/2019       1.630           1.600              –      7,800,000           –          –      1,400,000     6,400,000            –       1(i)
                  31/05/2019       1.630           1.600              –     33,601,000           –          –     12,260,000    20,541,000      800,000      1(ii)
                  31/05/2019       1.630           1.600              –      3,600,000           –          –      1,200,000     2,400,000            –      1(iii)
                  23/09/2019       1.340           1.320              –        700,000           –          –              –       700,000            –       1(i)
                  23/09/2019       1.340           1.320              –     13,650,000           –          –              –    13,650,000            –      1(ii)
                  15/01/2020       1.460           1.470              –     10,000,000           –          –              –    10,000,000            –       1(i)
                  05/06/2020       1.070           1.050              –     35,905,600           –          –      9,688,000    25,917,600      300,000      1(ii)
                  05/06/2020       1.070           1.050              –      1,500,000           –          –      1,500,000             –            –       1(i)
                  11/09/2020       1.144           1.100              –     16,800,000           –          –      1,200,000    15,600,000            –      1(ii)


     Total:                                                               239,785,600            –          –     54,848,000   171,462,600   13,475,000
                                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT              31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Movements of Share Options (Continued)

Notes:

1.       The Share Options granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme are subject to a vesting schedule and can be
         exercised in the following manner:

         (i)     Category A

                 Vesting Date                                                  Percentage that can be exercised

                 First vesting date (being second anniversary of               Up to 50% of the Share Options granted
                    the relevant employment commencement date)
                 First anniversary of first vesting date                       Up to 75% of the Share Options granted
                 Second anniversary of first vesting date                      Up to 100% of the Share Options granted

                 The vesting period of the Share Options under Category A commences on the date of the relevant grantee’s
                 commencement of employment, and the first vesting date falls on the second anniversary of the date of
                 commencement of employment.

         (ii)    Category B

                 Vesting Date                                                  Percentage that can be exercised

                 First vesting date (being first anniversary                   Up to 25% of the Share Options granted
                    of the relevant promotion effective date
                    or performance incentive effective date)
                 First anniversary of first vesting date                       Up to 50% of the Share Options granted
                 Second anniversary of first vesting date                      Up to 75% of the Share Options granted
                 Third anniversary of first vesting date                       Up to 100% of the Share Options granted

                 The vesting period of the Share Options under Category B commences on promotion effective date,
                 performance incentive effective date or the date of commencement of employment of the relevant grantee,
                 and the first vesting date falls on the first anniversary of the date of commencement of the vesting period.

         (iii)   Category C

                 Vesting Date                                                  Percentage that can be exercised

                 First vesting date (being second anniversary of               Up to 1/3 of the Share Options granted
                    March 19, 2019)
                 Second anniversary of first vesting date                      Up to 2/3 of the Share Options granted
                 Fourth anniversary of first vesting date                      Up to 100% of the Share Options granted

                 The vesting period of the Share Options under Category C commences on March 19, 2019, and the first
                 vesting date falls on the second anniversary of the date of commencement of the vesting period.
     2022/23 年度報告
32   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2021 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Notes: (Continued)

     1.     The Share Options granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme are subject to a vesting schedule and can be
            exercised in the following manner: (Continued)

            (iv)   Category D

                   Vesting Date                                                   Percentage that can be exercised

                   First vesting date (being first anniversary of the             Up to 1/6 of the Share Options granted
                      relevant performance incentive date)
                   First anniversary of first vesting date                        Up to 2/6 of the Share Options granted
                   Second anniversary of first vesting date                       Up to 3/6 of the Share Options granted
                   Third anniversary of first vesting date                        Up to 4/6 of the Share Options granted
                   Fourth anniversary of first vesting date                       Up to 5/6 of the Share Options granted
                   Fifth anniversary of first vesting date                        Up to 100% of the Share Options granted

                   The vesting period of the Share Options under Category D commences on performance incentive date of the
                   relevant grantee, and the first vesting date falls on the first anniversary of the date of commencement of the
                   vesting period.

     2.     The period within which the Share Options must be exercised shall not be more than 10 years from the date of
            grant.


     3.     Given that as disclosed above, no Share Option has been granted during the Reporting Period, it is not applicable for
            the Company to set out the number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the Share Options granted under the
            2021 Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the
            relevant class in issue for the Reporting Period.


     Share Award Scheme

     The share award scheme of the Company (“Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on December
     30, 2016 (“Adoption Date”) and amended on March 29, 2019 and January 17, 2020, respectively. The Share
     Award Scheme was adopted before the effective date of the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules which
     became effective on January 1, 2023. The Company will comply with the new Chapter 17 in accordance with
     the transitional arrangements for the Share Award Scheme. Summary of principal terms of the Share Award
     Scheme are set forth below:

     Purposes and Objectives

     To recognize the contributions by certain persons, including employees of the Group and/or any company in
     which a group company may have a direct or indirect investment in 20% or more of its voting powers and
     any company which is a controlling shareholder of the Company including subsidiaries of such controlling
     shareholder (together, the “Associated Entity”) and to provide incentives to retain them for the continual
     operation and development of the Group, and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the
     Group.
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT            33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

Share Award Scheme (Continued)

Administration

The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee in accordance
with the rules of the Share Award Scheme (“Scheme Rules”) and the trust deed dated December 30, 2016
entered into between the Company and the trustee (“Trust Deed”).

Duration

Subject to any early termination determined by the Board, the Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective
for a term (the “Trust Period”) commencing on the Adoption Date and ending on the first to happen of the
following, namely:

(a)   the 15th anniversary date of the Adoption Date;

(b)   the date when an order for the winding-up of the Company is made or a resolution is passed for the
      voluntary winding-up of the Company; or

(c)   the date as may be informed by the Company that the Share Award Scheme shall be terminated.

As at March 31, 2023, the remaining life of the Share Award Scheme is approximately 8.5 years.

Maximum Limit

The maximum aggregate number of Shares which can be held by the trustee under the Share Award Scheme
at any single point in time shall not exceed two percent (2%) of the total issued share capital of the Company
from time to time. The Board shall not make any further award which will result in the aggregate number of
Shares held by the trustee under the Share Award Scheme to be in excess of 2% of the issued share capital
of the Company from time to time. The maximum number of Shares (including both vested and non-vested
Shares) which may be awarded to any employee (whether full time or part time), consultant, executive or
officer, director (including any executive director, non-executive director and independent non-executive
director) of any member of the Group or any Associated Entity (“Employee(s)”) selected by the Board
(“Selected Employee(s)”) under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of
the Company from time to time.

Restrictions

No award shall be made by the Board and no instructions to acquire Shares shall be given to the trustee under
the Share Award Scheme where dealings in the Shares are prohibited under any code or requirement of the
Listing Rules and all applicable laws from time to time.
     2022/23 年度報告
34   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Operation

     Pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Board may from time to time cause to be paid certain amount to the trust
     constituted by the Trust Deed (the “Trust”) by way of settlement or otherwise contributed by the Company,
     any subsidiary of the Company or Associated Entity as directed by the Board which shall constitute part of the
     trust fund, for the purchase or subscription (as the case may be) of the Shares.

     In the event that the Shares as awarded by the Board to a Selected Employee (“Awarded Shares”) are to be
     allotted and issued as new Shares under the general mandate or a specific mandate granted or to be granted
     by the Shareholders from time to time for the purpose of the Trust, the Board shall cause an amount not
     less than the nominal value of such new Shares to be allotted and issued be transferred from the Company’s
     resources as soon as practicable but in any event not later than five business days prior to the allotment and
     issuance of such Shares as subscription monies for the new Shares and cause to issue and allot such new
     Shares to the trustee, which shall be held upon trust for the relevant Selected Employee in accordance with the
     Scheme Rules and the Trust Deed. Where any grant of Awarded Shares is proposed to be made to a connected
     person of the Company involving new Shares, the Company will comply with applicable provisions of the
     Listing Rules as and when appropriate.

     The Board may also from time to time instruct the trustee in writing to purchase Shares on the Hong Kong
      Stock Exchange, in which case, the Board shall specify the maximum amount of funds to be used and the
     range of prices at which such Shares are to be purchased. The trustee shall apply such amount of residual cash
     in the trust fund towards the purchase of such maximum board lot of Shares at the prevailing market price
     according to the Board’s instructions. Once purchased, the Shares are to be held by the trustee for the benefit
     of Employees under the Trust.

     Vesting and Lapse

     The Board is entitled to impose any conditions (including a period of continued service within the Group
     after any award of the Awarded Shares) as it deems appropriate in its absolute discretion with respect to the
     vesting of the Awarded Shares on the Selected Employee. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Share
     Award Scheme and the fulfillment of all vesting conditions to the vesting of the Awarded Shares on a Selected
     Employee as specified in the Share Award Scheme and the letter of award, the trustee shall transfer the
     Awarded Shares to such Selected Employee on the date (“Vesting Date”) on which his/her entitlement to the
     Awarded Shares is vested in such Selected Employee in accordance with the Scheme Rules.

     There is no specific requirement on the length of the vesting period of an Awarded Share but the Board is
     empowered to impose at its discretion any such period at the time of an offer of the grant of an Awarded
     Share.

     Award shall, to the extent not yet vested, automatically lapse forthwith when a Selected Employee is found to
     be any excluded Employee (namely, any Employee who is resident in a place where the award of the Awarded
     Shares and/or the vesting and transfer of the Awarded Shares pursuant to the terms of the Share Award
     Scheme is not permitted under the laws or regulations of such place, or where in the view of the Board or
     the trustee (as the case may be), in compliance with applicable laws or regulations in such place, makes it
     necessary or expedient to exclude such employee) or is deemed to cease to be an Employee prior to or on the
     Vesting Date.
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT              35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

Share Award Scheme (Continued)

Vesting and Lapse (Continued)

In the event a Selected Employee (i) has suffered disability as a result of or in connection with performance of
his duty during the course of employment with a Group company or Associated Entity at any time prior to the
Vesting Date and is unable to perform his duties; or (ii) has died during his employment with a Group company
or Associated Entity; or (iii) has retired by agreement with a member of the Group or Associated Entity or
resigned at any time prior to or on the Vesting Date, all the relevant Awarded Shares shall, to the extent not
yet vested, automatically lapse on the last day of employment unless the Board determines otherwise.

In the event of the death of a Selected Employee, the trustee shall hold the vested Awarded Shares upon trust
and to transfer the same to the legal personal representatives of the Selected Employee.

In the event a Selected Employee ceases to be an Employee for cause or commits any serious misconduct,
the award, whether vested or unvested, shall automatically be cancelled as of the date of the termination for
cause or the commission of the serious misconduct.

If there occurs an event of change in control (as specified in The Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and
Share Buy-backs) of the Company, whether by way of offer, merger, scheme of arrangement, compromise
or arrangement pursuant to the Bermuda Companies Act or otherwise, and such change in control event
becomes or is declared unconditional prior to the Vesting Date, the Board shall determine at its sole discretion
whether such Awarded Shares shall vest in the Selected Employee and the time at which such Awarded Shares
shall vest.

Voting Rights

The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any Shares held by it under the Trust (including but
not limited to the Awarded Shares, any bonus Shares and scrip Shares derived therefrom).

The Board is of the view that not exercising the voting rights by the trustee will help avoid potential
misperception of the Company’s influence over the trustee’s decision in casting the votes in respect of the
Shares held under the Trust at general meetings of the Company.

Termination

The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of the expiry of the Trust Period or such date of early
termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of
the Selected Employees.

Upon termination, no further awards shall be granted but in all other respects, the Scheme Rules shall remain
in full force and effect in respect of awards which have been granted during the term of the Share Award
Scheme and which remain unvested or which have vested but not yet been transferred to a Selected Employee
immediately prior to the termination of the Share Award Scheme; all Shares (except for any Awarded Shares
subject to vesting on the Selected Employees) remaining in the trust fund shall be sold by the trustee within
28 business days (on which the trading of the Shares has not been suspended) (or such longer period as the
trustee and the Board may otherwise determine) and all the net proceeds of sale and such other funds and
properties remaining in the trust fund managed by the trustee (after making appropriate deductions in respect
of all disposal costs, liabilities and expenses) shall be remitted to the Company forthwith.
     2022/23 年度報告
36   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Movements of Awarded Shares

     During the Reporting Period, the movements of Awarded Shares granted under the Share Award Scheme were
     as follows:

                                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                                                    average Number of
                                                                                       Market price                                            closing price Unvested
                                                                                           of award                                           of the Shares  Awarded                                               Number of
                                                                                     Shares at date                                  Closing immediately     Shares at Number of Number of Number of                 Awarded
                                                                                     of grant based    Purchase Closing price        price of before the April 1, 2022     Awarded       Awarded       Awarded         Shares Number of
                                                                                          on closing       price    of Shares         Shares date on which (excluding Shares granted Shares vested Shares lapsed     cancelled     Unvested
                                                                                     price of Shares     of the immediately     immediately the Awarded those vested during the during the during the              during the       Awarded
     Grantee name/                   Date of grant during                                 as at date   Awarded before the         before the Shares were on April 1,      Reporting     Reporting     Reporting     Reporting      Shares at
     categories                      the Reporting Period Vesting date/period               of grant     Shares date of grant   vesting date         vested      2022)         Period       Period        Period        Period March 31, 2023
                                                                                               (HK$)      (HK$)         (HK$)           (HK$)          (HK$)                  (Note3)

     Directors of the Company:

     Mr. Fan Luyuan                  05/06/2020            01/04/2021 – 01/04/2026            1.070          –          1.050         0.650        0.650      1,225,000             –      245,000             –            –        980,000

                                     16/06/2021            01/04/2022 – 01/04/2027            1.060          –          1.060         0.650        0.650      3,000,000             –      500,000             –            –      2,500,000

                                     17/06/2022            01/04/2023 – 01/04/2028            0.730          –          0.740             –            –              –     6,000,000             –            –            –      6,000,000

     Mr. Meng Jun                    05/06/2020            01/04/2021 – 01/04/2024            1.070          –          1.050         0.650        0.650       247,500              –       82,500             –            –        165,000

                                     16/06/2021            01/04/2022 – 01/04/2025            1.060          –          1.060         0.650        0.650       600,000              –      150,000             –            –        450,000

                                     17/06/2022            01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026            0.730          –          0.740             –            –              –     1,600,000             –            –            –      1,600,000

                                     31/03/2023            01/04/2023 – 01/04/2025            0.510          –          0.500             –            –              –      570,000              –            –            –        570,000

     Mr. Li Jie                      21/05/2018            01/04/2019 – 01/04/2022            0.910          –          0.910         0.650        0.650       300,000              –      300,000             –            –              –

                                     31/05/2019            01/04/2020 – 01/04/2023            1.630          –          1.600         0.650        0.650      1,200,000             –      600,000             –            –        600,000

                                     05/06/2020            01/04/2021 – 01/04/2024            1.070          –          1.050         0.650        0.650      5,250,000             –     1,750,000            –            –      3,500,000

                                     16/06/2021            01/04/2022 – 01/04/2025            1.060          –          1.060         0.650        0.650      2,250,000             –      562,500             –            –      1,687,500

                                     17/06/2022            01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026            0.730          –          0.740             –            –              –     4,750,000             –            –            –      4,750,000

                                     31/03/2023            01/04/2023 – 01/04/2025             0.51          –          0.500             –            –              –     7,656,250             –            –            –      7,656,250

     Directors of subsidiaries
       of the Company:

     A director of subsidiaries of
       the Company                   16/06/2021            01/04/2022 - 01/04/2025            1.060          –          1.060         0.650        0.650      1,605,882             –      401,470             –            –      1,204,412

                                     17/06/2022            01/04/2023 - 01/04/2026            0.730          –          0.740             –            –              –     1,964,286             –            –            –      1,964,286

     Ex-directors:

     An ex-director                  21/05/2018            01/04/2019 – 01/04/2022            0.910          –          0.910         0.650        0.650       625,000              –      625,000             –            –              –

                                     31/05/2019            01/04/2020 – 01/04/2023            1.630          –          1.600         0.650        0.650      1,500,000             –      750,000       750,000            –              –

                                     05/06/2020            01/04/2021 – 01/04/2024            1.070          –          1.050         0.650        0.650      1,440,000             –      480,000       960,000            –              –
                                                                                                                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT                                     37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

Share Award Scheme (Continued)

Movements of Awarded Shares (Continued)

                                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                                                               average Number of
                                                                                  Market price                                            closing price Unvested
                                                                                      of award                                           of the Shares  Awarded                                               Number of
                                                                                Shares at date                                  Closing immediately     Shares at Number of Number of Number of                 Awarded
                                                                                of grant based    Purchase Closing price        price of before the April 1, 2022     Awarded       Awarded       Awarded         Shares Number of
                                                                                     on closing       price    of Shares         Shares date on which (excluding Shares granted Shares vested Shares lapsed     cancelled     Unvested
                                                                                price of Shares     of the immediately     immediately the Awarded those vested during the during the during the              during the       Awarded
Grantee name/                Date of grant during                                    as at date   Awarded before the         before the Shares were on April 1,      Reporting     Reporting     Reporting     Reporting      Shares at
categories                   the Reporting Period Vesting date/period                  of grant     Shares date of grant   vesting date         vested      2022)         Period       Period        Period        Period March 31, 2023
                                                                                          (HK$)      (HK$)         (HK$)           (HK$)          (HK$)                  (Note3)

Eligible employees – (Non-
  connected employees):

                             21/05/2018               01/04/2019 – 24/04/2022            0.910          –          0.910   0.650-0.680        0.651      5,972,080             –     5,672,080      300,000            –              –

                             26/09/2018               01/10/2019 – 01/10/2022            1.020          –          1.010   0.405-0.790        0.511      5,450,000             –     4,880,000      570,000            –              –

                             31/05/2019               01/04/2020 – 19/03/2025            1.630          –          1.600   0.340-0.690        0.629     33,455,601             –    17,571,133    2,973,109            –     12,911,359

                             23/09/2019               01/10/2020 – 01/10/2023            1.340          –          1.320   0.405-0.770        0.441      9,210,000             –     4,425,000      775,000            –      4,010,000

                             15/01/2020               19/09/2021 – 31/12/2023            1.460          –          1.470   0.300-0.600        0.500      1,975,000             –      987,500                                   987,500

                             05/06/2020               01/04/2021 – 16/04/2024            1.070          –          1.050   0.520-0.680        0.649     52,067,700             –    17,655,900    5,911,950            –     28,499,850

                             11/09/2020               26/05/2021 – 01/10/2024            1.120          –          1.100   0.405-0.770        0.453     15,390,000             –     5,135,000    1,395,000            –      8,860,000

                             16/06/2021               01/04/2022 – 22/04/2025            1.060          –          1.060   0.295-0.670        0.642    105,623,988             –    26,718,494   12,538,187            –     66,367,307

                             09/09/2021               01/10/2022 – 01/10/2025            0.840          –          0.850         0.405        0.405     27,460,000             –     5,520,000    2,880,000            –     19,060,000

                             17/06/2022               01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026            0.730          –          0.740             –            –              –   117,055,868             –    9,712,000            –    107,343,868

                             09/09/2022               01/08/2023 – 01/10/2026            0.600          –          0.570             –            –              –    17,620,000             –            –            –     17,620,000

                             31/03/2023               01/04/2023 – 01/04/2025            0.510          –          0.500             –            –              –    13,887,525             –            –            –     13,887,525

Five highest paid employees in aggregate (excluding
the Directors as disclosed above):

                             21/05/2018               01/04/2019 – 1/04/2022             0.910          –          0.910   0.650-0.680        0.667       525,000              –      525,000             –            –              –

                             26/09/2018               01/10/2019 – 01/10/2022            1.020          –          1.010         0.670        0.670       300,000              –      300,000             –            –              –

                             31/05/2019               01/04/2020 – 01/04/2023            1.630          –          1.600         0.650        0.650      1,860,000             –      930,000             –            –        930,000

                             15/01/2020               28/11/2021 – 28/11/2023            1.460          –          1.470         0.405        0.405      2,000,000             –     1,000,000            –            –      1,000,000

                             05/06/2020               01/04/2021 – 01/04/2024            1.070          –          1.050         0.650        0.650      2,370,000             –      790,000             –            –      1,580,000

                             16/06/2021               01/04/2022 – 22/04/2025            1.060          –          1.060         0.650        0.650      5,595,500             –     1,398,875            –            –      4,196,625

                             17/06/2022               01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026            0.730          –          0.740             –            –              –     5,678,000             –            –            –      5,678,000

                             31/03/2023               01/04/2023 – 01/04/2025            0.510           –         0.500             –            –              –    11,600,000             –            –            –     11,600,000
     2022/23 年度報告
38   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (Continued)

     Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Movements of Awarded Shares (Continued)

                                                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                                                                                     average Number of
                                                                                        Market price                                            closing price Unvested
                                                                                            of award                                           of the Shares  Awarded                                               Number of
                                                                                      Shares at date                                  Closing immediately     Shares at Number of Number of Number of                 Awarded
                                                                                      of grant based    Purchase Closing price        price of before the April 1, 2022     Awarded       Awarded       Awarded         Shares Number of
                                                                                           on closing       price    of Shares         Shares date on which (excluding Shares granted Shares vested Shares lapsed     cancelled     Unvested
                                                                                      price of Shares     of the immediately     immediately the Awarded those vested during the during the during the              during the       Awarded
     Grantee name/                    Date of grant during                                 as at date   Awarded before the         before the Shares were on April 1,      Reporting     Reporting     Reporting     Reporting      Shares at
     categories                       the Reporting Period Vesting date/period               of grant     Shares date of grant   vesting date         vested      2022)         Period       Period        Period        Period March 31, 2023
                                                                                                (HK$)      (HK$)         (HK$)           (HK$)          (HK$)                  (Note3)

     Related entities participants:

                                      21/05/2018            01/04/2019 – 1/04/2022             0.910          –          0.910         0.650        0.650       880,000              –      880,000             –            –              –

                                      26/09/2018            01/10/2019 – 01/10/2022            1.020          –          1.010         0.405        0.405       360,000              –      360,000             –            –              –

                                      31/05/2019            01/04/2020 – 01/04/2023            1.630          –          1.600   0.340-0.650        0.606      3,970,000             –     2,135,000            –            –      1,835,000

                                      23/09/2019            01/10/2020 – 01/10/2023            1.340          –          1.320         0.405        0.405      1,480,000             –      740,000             –            –        740,000

                                      05/06/2020            01/04/2021 – 01/04/2024            1.070          –          1.050         0.650        0.650      5,640,000             –     1,880,000            –            –      3,760,000

                                      11/09/2020            01/10/2021 – 01/10/2024            1.120          –          1.100         0.405        0.405       735,000              –      245,000             –            –        490,000

                                      16/06/2021            01/04/2022 – 22/04/2025            1.060          –          1.060         0.650        0.650      3,512,000             –      478,000             –            –      3,034,000

                                      17/06/2022            01/04/2023 – 01/04/2026            0.730          –          0.740             –            –              –     1,474,800             –            –            –      1,474,800

                                      31/03/2023            01/04/2023 – 01/04/2025            0.510          –          0.500             –            –              –     9,151,875             –            –            –      9,151,875

     Service providers:               –                     –                                      –          –              –             –            –              –             –             –            –            –              –


     Total                                                                                                                                                   305,075,251   199,008,604   106,673,452   38,765,246            –    358,645,157


     Notes:

     1.               Save as disclosed in the table above, no Awarded Shares have been granted to any chief executive or substantial
                      shareholder of the Company, or any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules).

     2.               Save as disclosed in the table above, no Awarded Shares have been granted to any employees of the Company in
                      excess of the 1% individual limit.

     3.               The fair value of the Awarded Shares at the date of grant on June 17, 2022, September 9, 2022 and March 31,
                      2023 during the Reporting Period was HK$0.73 per Share, HK$0.60 per Share and HK$0.51 per Share, respectively,
                      and was determined based on the published closing price of the Shares at the respective dates of grant. The Group
                      has adopted the accounting standard in accordance with HKFRS 2 – Share-based Payment and for the details of
                      accounting policy applied, please refer to Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual
                      report.

     4.               The total numbers of Awarded Shares available for grant under the Share Award Scheme as at April 1, 2022 and
                      March 31, 2023 were 285,352,677 and 241,098,125, respectively, representing approximately 1.06% and 0.89% of
                      the Company’s issued share capital as at the respective dates.

     5.               The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the Awarded Shares granted under the Share Award Scheme
                      during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for the
                      Reporting Period was 0.98%.

     6.               As at the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Award Scheme
                      was 342,132,720 Shares, representing approximately 1.27% of the total number of Shares in issue.
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT             39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Incentive Schemes” above, neither at the end of the Reporting
Period nor at any time during the Reporting Period was the Company, any of its holding companies, its
subsidiaries or its fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief executive of
the Company or their respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) to acquire benefits by means of
the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS
OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” below and the related party transactions as
disclosed in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements, (i) no transactions, arrangements or contracts
of significance to which the Company, any of its holding companies, its subsidiaries or its fellow subsidiaries
was a party and in which a Director and/or any of its connected entity had a material interest, whether directly
or indirectly; (ii) no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance between the Company, any of its
holding companies, its subsidiaries and the Company’s controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries,
subsisted at the end of the Reporting Period or at any time during the Reporting Period; and (iii) no contract of
significance for the provision of services to the Group by a controlling shareholder of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries were made during the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

No Directors being proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the employing company within one year without
payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company were entered into or existed at any time during the Reporting Period.


RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS

For details of relationship with the employees, please refer to the paragraph headed “Employees and
Remuneration Policies” in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” as set out on page 15 of
this report.

The Group seeks to maintain good and effective communication with our customers to gain their feedback
and understand their needs and demands, thereby further improving our products and services and providing
better customer experience.

The success of our businesses depends on a long-term relationship with our suppliers. The Group therefore
makes great efforts to develop and maintain a good relationship with suppliers so as to better understand the
development of the market and manage the supply chain.

For details of relationship with customers and suppliers, please refer to the paragraph headed “Major
Customers and Suppliers” in this section.
     2022/23 年度報告
40   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force
     throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in
     respect of potential legal actions against the directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries.


     COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     For the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group
     had complied with applicable laws, rules and regulations in respect of the Group’s business operations,
     including but not limited to those relating to value-added telecommunications services, information security
     and privacy protection, film distribution, radio and television programs and Internet advertisement in the
     People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and other laws, rules and regulations that are applicable to the Group
     in all material respects. Discussion on the compliance with the relevant laws and regulations which have
     significant impact on the Group is set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company
     (the “ESG Report”).


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Group is committed to promoting environmentally friendly business practices and raising awareness on the
     conservation of natural resources. Utilizing Alibaba Group’s powerful intranet systems, its staff can accomplish
     some of their administrative work electronically which reduces the use of office supplies. The Group also
     encourages prudent electricity consumption. Its staff are advised to turn off any lights in unoccupied areas.

     The Group believes that taking active measures in minimizing wasteful material and energy consumption in the
     course of conducting our business would not only bring economic benefits but also assist in the preservation
     of the natural environment.

     The ESG Report will be published at the same time of the publication of this annual report on the website of
     each of the Company (www.alibabapictures.com) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT           41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Reporting Period, the percentage of the Group’s purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest
suppliers combined was less than 30%.

Information on the Group’s major customers during the Reporting Period:

Percentage of the Group’s revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customer         Approximately 18.43%
Percentage of the Group’s revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers   Approximately 34.24%
  combined

Apart from the connected transactions with AGH Group (other than the Group) and the Ant Group as
disclosed in the paragraph headed “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS” below, none of the Directors, their close
associates, or any Shareholder (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the number of
issued Shares) had any interest in the five largest customers.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Company entered into a number of transactions with entities which are
connected persons (as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules) of the Company, and such transactions
constituted non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules. These relevant entities include:

(1)   AGH, which indirectly wholly owns Ali CV Investment Holding Limited (“Ali CV”), a controlling
      shareholder of the Company holding approximately 50.0007% of the issued share capital of the
      Company, and is hence a connected person of the Company;

(2)   浙江天貓技術有限公司 (Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Tmall Technology”), which is an
      indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH. Accordingly, Tmall Technology is an associate of Ali CV and a
      connected person of the Company;

(3)   浙江天貓網絡有限公司 (Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd.*) (“Tmall Network”), which is a consolidated
      entity of AGH. Accordingly, Tmall Network is an associate of Ali CV and a connected person of the
      Company;

(4)   Ant Group Co., Ltd. (螞蟻科技集團股份有限公司) (“Ant Group”), which is a 30%-controlled company
      of AGH. Accordingly, Ant Group is an associate of Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

(5)   支付寶(中國)網絡技術有限公司 (Alipay.com Co., Ltd.*) (“Alipay”), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary
      of Ant Group. Accordingly, Alipay is an associate of Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

(6)   杭州阿里媽媽軟件服務有限公司 (Hangzhou Alimama Software Services Co., Ltd.*) (“Alimama”), which
      is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH. Accordingly, Alimama is an associate of Ali CV and a
      connected person of the Company;

(7)   上海全土豆文化傳播有限公司 (Shanghai Quan Tudou Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.*) (“Youku
      Tudou”), which is a consolidated entity of AGH. Accordingly, Youku Tudou is an associate of Ali CV and
      a connected person of the Company;
     2022/23 年度報告
42   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (8)    酷漾文化傳播有限公司 (Cool Young Culture Communication Co., Ltd.*) (“Cool Young”), which is
            indirectly controlled by the Company and AGH as to 51% and 49% equity interest, respectively.
            Accordingly, Cool Young is a 30%-controlled company indirectly held by AGH and a connected
            subsidiary (as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules) of the Company, as well as a connected
            person of the Company;

     (9)    優酷信息技術(北京)有限公司 (Youku Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*) (“Youku
            Information”), which is a consolidated entity of AGH. Accordingly, Youku Information is an associate of
            Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

     (10)   北京優酷科技有限公司 (Beijing Youku Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Youku Technology”), which is an
            indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH. Accordingly, Youku Technology is an associate of Ali CV and
            a connected person of the Company;

     (11)   支付寶(杭州)信息技術有限公司 (Alipay (Hangzhou) Information Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Alipay
            (Hangzhou)”), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group. Accordingly, Alipay (Hangzhou) is an
            associate of Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

     (12)   杭州菜鳥供應鏈管理有限公司 (Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.*) (“Hangzhou
            Cainiao”), which is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH. Accordingly, Hangzhou Cainiao is
            an associate of Ali CV and a connected person of the Company;

     (13)   北京大麥文化傳媒發展有限公司 (Beijing Damai Cultural Media Development Co., Ltd.*) (“Beijing
            Damai”), which is a consolidated entity of AGH. Accordingly, Beijing Damai is an associate of Ali CV
            and a connected person of the Company;

     (14)   杭州螞蟻酷愛科技有限公司 (Hangzhou Ant Kuai Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Hangzhou Ant”), which is an
            indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group. Accordingly, Hangzhou Ant is an associate of Ali CV
            and a connected person of the Company; and

     (15)   螞蟻區塊鏈科技(上海)有限公司 (Ant Blockchain Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.*) (“Ant Blockchain”),
            which is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group. Accordingly, Hangzhou Ant is an associate
            of Ali CV and a connected person of the Company.
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT            43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions

The Group’s connected transactions and continuing connected transactions conducted during the Reporting
Period and subsequent to the Reporting Period under review, and disclosed in accordance with Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules are as follows:

(1)   Renewed Shared Services Agreement and Second Renewal of the Shared Services Agreement

      On November 4, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement (the “Original Shared Services
      Agreement”) with AGH in relation to office space and support services, customer service support,
      business intelligence services, maintenance service for the Yulebao database, office system and support
      services, procurement function support services and SMS platform services (collectively, the “Original
      Shared Services”) to be provided by AGH and its affiliates or other parties otherwise designated by AGH
      to support the Group’s Business. The initial term for the Original Shared Services Agreement was three
      years commenced from December 31, 2015 and ended on December 30, 2018.

      On December 31, 2015, the Company entered into a transitional arrangement agreement (the
      “Transitional Arrangement Agreement”) with AGH. Pursuant to the Transitional Arrangement
      Agreement, AGH agreed to transfer certain transferred employees to the Company or its affiliates (the
      “Staff Support Services”), and the Company also agreed to reimburse AGH for salaries and benefits
      paid by AGH (or its affiliates) to such transferred employees. The maximum term for the Transitional
      Arrangement Agreement was three years commenced from December 31, 2015 and ended on
      December 30, 2018.

      On December 31, 2018, the Company entered into a renewed shared services agreement (the
      “Renewed Shared Services Agreement”) with AGH, pursuant to which AGH agreed to procure the
      service providers (being AGH and its affiliates as set out under the Original Shared Services Agreement
      or otherwise designated by AGH) to provide certain Original Shared Services, cloud services, software
      development and technological services, as well as Staff Support Services under the Transitional
      Arrangement Agreement to the Company and its affiliates. The Renewed Shared Services Agreement
      had a term commenced from December 31, 2018 and ended on March 31, 2021. On March 30,
      2020, the Company and AGH entered into a supplemental agreement to the Renewed Shared Services
      Agreement, pursuant to which, the scope of the software development and technological services
      under the Renewed Shared Services Agreement was expanded to cover the technological services
      contemplated under the Renewed Technology Services Agreement dated July 16, 2018 entered into
      between the Company and AGH, which had expired on March 31, 2020.

      On March 29, 2021, the Company and AGH entered into the second renewal of the shared services
      agreement (the “Second Renewal of the Shared Services Agreement”) to renew the Renewed
      Shared Services Agreement for a term of three years commenced from April 1, 2021 and ending on
      March 31, 2024. The annual caps for the service fees payable by the Group to AGH and its affiliates
      under the Second Renewal of the Shared Services Agreement for the financial years ended/ending
      March 31, 2022, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024 are RMB105,000,000, RMB110,000,000 and
      RMB115,000,000, respectively. The actual service fees paid/payable by the Group to AGH and its
      affiliates for the services under the Second Renewal of the Shared Services Agreement for the financial
      years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately RMB80,284,000 and
      RMB99,667,000, respectively.
     2022/23 年度報告
44   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (2)   Renewed Operating Service Agreement

           On April 1, 2021, 中聯盛世文化(北京)有限公司 (Zhonglian Shengshi Culture (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*)
           (“Zhonglian Shengshi”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a renewed
           operating service agreement (the “Renewed Operating Service Agreement”) with Tmall Network,
           a consolidated entity of AGH, and Tmall Technology, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH
           (together, the “Tmall Entities”), for a term commenced from April 1, 2021 and ending on March 31,
           2024. Pursuant to the Renewed Operating Service Agreement, Zhonglian Shengshi will provide such
           services which are necessary to operate Tmall on behalf of the Tmall Entities in relation to relevant
           categories (such as action figures, film & TV & entertainment merchandise, board & card games,
           cosplay, etc.), including exercising rights and discharging obligations under the relevant contracts
           between merchants and the Tmall Entities and their affiliates on behalf of the Tmall Entities, providing
           customer services and marketing services, conducting evaluation on merchants and quality control
           checks on merchandise, and taking action for any breach of contract by any merchant (the “Operating
           Services”). The annual caps for the transactions contemplated under the Renewed Operating Service
           Agreement for the three financial years ended/ending March 31, 2022, March 31, 2023 and March
           31, 2024 are RMB100,000,000, RMB120,000,000 and RMB140,000,000, respectively. The actual
           service fees paid/payable by Tmall Entities to Zhonglian Shengshi under the Renewed Operating
           Service Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 amounted to
           approximately RMB96,583,000 and RMB108,410,000, respectively.

     (3)   Third Renewed Payment Services Framework Agreement

           On March 26, 2020, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a third
           renewed payment services framework agreement (the “Third Renewed Payment Services Framework
           Agreement”) with Alipay, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group, which in turn is a 30%-controlled
           company of AGH, for a term commenced from April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant
           to the Third Renewed Payment Services Framework Agreement, any member of the Group may request
           payment services from Alipay from time to time and in its absolute discretion according to its business
           needs. The annual caps of all payment services under the Third Renewed Payment Services Framework
           Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 are
           RMB80,000,000, RMB85,000,000 and RMB90,000,000, respectively. The actual transaction amount of
           all payment services under the Third Renewed Payment Services Framework Agreement for the financial
           years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately
           RMB36,165,000, RMB39,464,000 and RMB28,419,000, respectively.

           On March 28, 2023, the Company entered into a renewed payment services framework agreement
           (the “2023 Payment Services Framework Agreement”) with Alipay, for a term commenced from April
           1, 2023 and ending on March 31, 2026, to renew the Third Renewed Payment Services Framework
           Agreement. For the three financial years ending March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026,
           the annual caps of the total fees payable by the Group to Alipay under the 2023 Payment Services
           Framework Agreement are RMB45,000,000, RMB50,000,000 and RMB55,000,000, respectively.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT             45
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(4)   Second Renewed Marketing Cooperation Framework Agreement

      On March 27, 2020, 北京中聯華盟文化傳媒投資有限公司 (Beijing Asian Union Culture Media
      Investment Co., Ltd.*) (now known as 北京阿里巴巴影業文化有限公司 (Beijing Alibaba Pictures Culture
      Co., Ltd.*), “Beijing Alibaba Pictures”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into the
      second renewed marketing cooperation framework agreement (the “Second Renewed Marketing
      Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with Alimama and Youku Tudou, both subsidiaries of AGH, for a
      term commenced from April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Second Renewed
      Marketing Cooperation Framework Agreement, Beijing Alibaba Pictures (for itself and as agent for and
      on behalf of its clients) may enter into specific marketing agreements with Alimama or Youku Tudou
      to procure online and offline advertising and relevant services from Alimama and/or Youku Tudou
      at agreed discount rates. The annual caps of all advertising and relevant services under the Second
      Renewed Marketing Cooperation Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2021,
      March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 are RMB15,000,000, RMB20,000,000 and RMB25,000,000,
      respectively. The actual transaction amount of all advertising and relevant services under the Second
      Renewed Marketing Cooperation Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2021,
      March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately RMB4,003,000 and RMB2,338,000
      and RMB2,002,000, respectively.

(5)   2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement and 2023 Entertainment Works
      Cooperation Framework Agreement

      On March 31, 2020, 阿里巴巴授權寶(天津)文化傳播有限公司 (Alibaba Shouquanbao (Tianjin) Culture
      Communication Co., Ltd.*) (“Shouquanbao”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered
      into a new entertainment works cooperation framework agreement (the “2020 Entertainment Works
      Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with AGH. The cooperation term of the 2020 Entertainment
      Works Cooperation Framework Agreement commenced from April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31,
      2023. Pursuant to the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement, Shouquanbao
      or any of its affiliates and AGH or any of its affiliates may enter into specific agreements with respect
      to the grant or transfer of the rights, design or marketing, IP-derivatives commissioned production,
      IP-derivatives procurement and consignment, embedded advertising and agency services, project
      outsourcing services, ticketing services, investment cooperation, operation consignment services,
      technical and other related services for the entertainment works. For the three financial years ended
      March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023, (i) the annual caps of the total fees payable by
      Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates to AGH and its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated
      under the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB45,000,000,
      RMB55,000,000 and RMB65,000,000, respectively; and (ii) the annual caps of the total fees payable by
      AGH and its affiliates to Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated
      under the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB34,000,000,
      RMB45,000,000 and RMB90,000,000 (as revised on March 28, 2023), respectively.

      For the financial years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023, (i) the actual total
      fees paid/payable by Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates to AGH and its affiliates with respect to the
      transactions under the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement amounted to
      approximately RMB15,096,000 and RMB6,853,000 and RMB26,265,000, respectively; and (ii) the actual
      total fees paid/payable by AGH and its affiliates to Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates with respect to the
      transactions under the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement amounted to
      approximately RMB9,217,000, RMB7,102,000 and RMB88,284,000, respectively.
     2022/23 年度報告
46   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (5)   2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement and 2023 Entertainment Works
           Cooperation Framework Agreement (Continued)

           On March 28, 2023, Shouquanbao and Youku Technology, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
           of AGH, entered into a renewed entertainment works cooperation framework agreement (“2023
           Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement”), for a term commenced from April 1, 2023
           and ending on March 31, 2026, to renew the 2020 Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework
           Agreement. For the three financial years ending March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026,
           (i) the annual caps of the total fees payable by Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates to Youku Technology
           and/or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated under the 2023 Entertainment
           Works Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB45,000,000, RMB49,000,000 and RMB53,000,000,
           respectively; and (ii) the annual caps of the total fees payable by Youku Technology and/or its affiliates
           to Shouquanbao and/or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated under the 2023
           Entertainment Works Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB90,000,000, RMB100,000,000 and
           RMB110,000,000, respectively.

     (6)   Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement and Renewed Talent Agency Cooperation
           Framework Agreement

           On April 11, 2019, Cool Young, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a talent agency
           cooperation framework agreement (the “Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with
           AGH in relation to talent agency cooperation, for a term commenced from April 1, 2019 and ended on
           March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement, Cool Young and
           AGH or any of its affiliates will enter into specific agreements with respect to the cooperation whereby
           (i) AGH or any of its affiliates directly engages Cool Young’s artist(s) to perform the relevant tasks
           (such as performances, celebrity endorsement in advertising, commercial and non-commercial business
           activities, development of celebrity products and personal brands, management of personal interests
           (including but not limited to the right to control the use of one’s name, image and reputation) and any
           other matters relating to the entertainment career(s) of Cool Young’s artist(s)) (the “Relevant Tasks”) as
           required by AGH or any of its affiliates or any of their third-party clients by paying the engagement fees
           to Cool Young; and (ii) AGH or any of its affiliates recommends to, and coordinates with a third-party
           client to engage Cool Young’s artist(s) to perform the Relevant Tasks as required by such third-party
           client, and receives the agency service fees from Cool Young.
                                                                                      2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT         47
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(6)   Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement and Renewed Talent Agency Cooperation
      Framework Agreement (Continued)

      On March 28, 2022, Cool Young entered into a renewed talent agency cooperation framework
      agreement (the “Renewed Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with AGH, for a
      term commenced from April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025, to renew the Talent Agency
      Cooperation Framework Agreement. For the three financial years ended/ending March 31, 2023, March
      31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, (i) the annual caps of the engagement fees payable by AGH and any of
      its affiliates to Cool Young under the Renewed Talent Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement are
      RMB75,000,000, RMB100,000,000 and RMB120,000,000, respectively; and (ii) the annual caps of the
      agency service fees payable by Cool Young to AGH and any of its affiliates under the Renewed Talent
      Agency Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB4,500,000, RMB6,000,000 and RMB6,000,000,
      respectively. For the financial year ended March 31, 2023, (i) the actual engagement fees paid/
      payable by AGH and any of its affiliates to Cool Young under the Renewed Talent Agency Cooperation
      Framework Agreement amounted to approximately RMB14,656,000; and (ii) the actual agency service
      fees paid/payable by Cool Young to AGH and any of its affiliates under the Renewed Talent Agency
      Cooperation Framework Agreement was nil.

(7)   Commercial Development Services Agreement and Renewed Commercial Development Services
      Agreement

      On April 12, 2019, 上海淘票票影視文化有限公司 (Shanghai Tao Piao Piao Movie & TV Culture Co.,
      Ltd.*) (“Shanghai TPP”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a commercial
      development services agreement (the “Commercial Development Services Agreement”) with Youku
      Information, a consolidated entity of AGH, for a term commenced from April 1, 2019 and ended
      on March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Commercial Development Services Agreement, Shanghai TPP
      agreed to provide, and Youku Information agreed to use, the services in relation to the commercial
      development of the original entertainment programs.

      On March 25, 2022, Zhonglian Shengshi, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
      entered into a renewed commercial development services agreement (the “Renewed Commercial
      Development Services Agreement”) with Youku Information to renew the Commercial Development
      Services Agreement for a term commenced from April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025. The
      annual caps of the service fees under the Renewed Commercial Development Services Agreement for
      each of the three financial years ended/ending March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025
      are RMB80,000,000. The actual service fees paid/payable by Youku Information to Zhonglian Shengshi
      under the Renewed Commercial Development Services Agreement for the financial year ended March
      31, 2023 amounted to approximately RMB27,316,000.
     2022/23 年度報告
48   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (8)   Movie and Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement

           On August 6, 2019, 華盟(天津)文化傳媒有限公司 (Huameng (Tianjin) Culture Media Co., Ltd.*)
           (now known as 阿里巴巴影業(天津)有限公司 (Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.*) (“Alibaba Pictures
           (Tianjin)”)), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a framework agreement (the
           “Movie and Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with Youku Technology, an indirect
           wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH, for a term commenced from the effective date of the Movie and
           Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement to March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Movie and
           Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement, Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates
           may transfer to Youku Technology and/or any of its affiliates, and/or grant Youku Technology and/
           or any of its affiliates a license to use, all or part of its copyrights on the target films, TV dramas and
           online dramas (the “Movie and Drama Series”); Youku Technology and/or any of its affiliates may
           entrust Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates to provide other commercial development
           services, being the provision of the advertisement solicitation services and the commercial development
           solicitation services, and the distribution services for the TV broadcasting rights with respect to films, TV
           dramas and online dramas. The annual cap of the aggregate amount of the copyright fees, commercial
           development fees and distribution agency fees chargeable by Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its
           affiliates to Youku Technology and/or any of its affiliates for the transactions contemplated under the
           Movie and Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement for each of the three financial years ended
           March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022 is RMB600,000,000.

           On December 1, 2020, Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and Youku Technology entered into a supplemental
           agreement (the “Supplemental Agreement I”) (i) to extend the term of the Movie and Drama Series
           Cooperation Framework Agreement to March 31, 2023; and (ii) to revise certain terms of the Movie and
           Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement relating to the maximum lengths of the target dramas
           and movies to be purchased by Youku Technology and/or any of its affiliates and the pricing bases of
           the purchase price for the target dramas. Accordingly, the Board proposed to revise the annual caps for
           the two financial years ended March 31, 2021 and 2022 from RMB600,000,000 to RMB850,000,000
           and from RMB600,000,000 to RMB900,000,000, respectively and to set an annual cap for the
           financial year ending March 31, 2023 at RMB950,000,000 (the “New Annual Cap”). The Supplemental
           Agreement I, the transactions contemplated thereunder and the above-mentioned revised annual caps
           and the New Annual Cap were approved, confirmed and ratified by the independent shareholders of
           the Company at the special general meeting held on February 5, 2021.
                                                                                             2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT             49
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(8)   Movie and Drama Series Cooperation Framework Agreement (Continued)

      The actual aggregate amount of copyright fees, commercial development fees and distribution
      agency fees charged/chargeable by Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates to Youku
      Technology and/or any of its affiliates for the transactions contemplated under the Movie and Drama
      Series Cooperation Framework Agreement (as supplemented and amended by the Supplemental
      Agreement I) for the financial years ended March 31, 2020, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and
      March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately RMB18,102,000, RMB548,409,000, RMB791,899,000 and
      RMB648,680,000 respectively.

      On February 8, 2023, Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and Youku Technology entered into a transfer
      of copyrights framework agreement (the “Transfer of Copyrights Framework Agreement”) and
      the commercial development and distribution services framework agreement (the “Commercial
      Development and Distribution Services Framework Agreement”) for a term commenced on April 1,
      2023 and ending on March 31, 2026, to renew the Movie and Drama Series Cooperation Framework
      Agreement as supplemented by the Supplemental Agreement I. For the three financial years ending
      March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026, (i) the annual caps of the total fees chargeable
      by Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates to Youku Technology under the Transfer of
      Copyrights Framework Agreement are RMB1,600,000,000, RMB1,900,000,000 and RMB2,000,000,000,
      respectively; and (ii) the annual caps of the total fees chargeable by Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or
      any of its affiliates to Youku Technology under the Commercial Development and Distribution Services
      Framework Agreement are RMB30,000,000, RMB40,000,000 and RMB50,000,000, respectively. The
      Transfer of Copyrights Framework Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder (including
      the annual caps) were approved, confirmed and ratified by the independent shareholders of the
      Company at the special general meeting held on March 27, 2023.

(9)   Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement and Renewed Copyrights Procurement
      Framework Agreement

      On December 6, 2019, Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered
      into a copyrights procurement framework agreement (the “Copyrights Procurement Framework
      Agreement”) with Youku Technology, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH, for a term
      commenced from December 6, 2019 and ended on March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Copyrights
      Procurement Framework Agreement, the parties agreed that Youku Technology and/or any of its
      affiliates may transfer to Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates, and/or grant Alibaba
      Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates a license to use, all or part of its copyrights on the written
      works, cartoons, films, TV dramas and online dramas, musical works and any other works, etc. (the
      “Copyrights on the Target Works”) for the production of films and dramas, promotion and distribution
      and other businesses of Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates.
     2022/23 年度報告
50   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (9)    Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement and Renewed Copyrights Procurement
            Framework Agreement (Continued)

            On March 31, 2022, Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) entered into a renewed copyrights procurement
            framework agreement (the “Renewed Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement”) with Youku
            Technology to renew the Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement, for a term commenced from
            April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025. The annual caps in respect of the procurement of the
            Copyrights on the Target Works under the Renewed Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement
            for each of the financial year ended/ending March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 is
            RMB40,000,000. The actual transaction amount in respect of the procurement of the Copyrights on
            the Target Works by Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) and/or any of its affiliates from Youku Technology and/or
            any of its affiliates under the Renewed Copyrights Procurement Framework Agreement for the financial
            years ended March 31, 2023 was nil.

     (10)   Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I and Renewed Marketing and
            Promotion Services Framework Agreement I

            On August 21, 2020, Beijing Alibaba Pictures and 北京淘秀新媒體科技有限公司 (Beijing Taoxiu New
            Media Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Beijing Taoxiu”), each a consolidated subsidiary of the Company,
            entered into the marketing and promotion services framework agreement (the “Marketing and
            Promotion Services Framework Agreement I”) with Youku Information (a consolidated entity of AGH)
            and Cool Young (a 30%-controlled company indirectly held by AGH), for a term commenced from
            August 21, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Marketing and Promotion Services
            Framework Agreement I, Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates may
            enter into specific cooperation agreements with Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of
            their affiliates in respect of any of the services such as marketing and promotion services, marketing
            consultancy services, commercial development of audiovisual works, platform content cooperation,
            production of short-form videos and operation of artists’ official accounts. For the financial years
            ended on March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022, (i) the annual caps for the total fees payable by Youku
            Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates to Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing
            Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated under the Marketing
            and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I are RMB8,000,000 and RMB15,000,000, respectively;
            and (ii) the annual caps for the total fees payable by Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/
            or any of their affiliates to Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates with
            respect to the transactions contemplated under the Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
            Agreement I are RMB8,000,000 and RMB15,000,000, respectively.
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT             51
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(10)   Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I and Renewed Marketing and
       Promotion Services Framework Agreement I (Continued)

       On November 25, 2020, Beijing Alibaba Pictures and Beijing Taoxiu entered into a supplemental
       agreement (the “Supplemental Agreement II”) with Youku Information and Cool Young to supplement
       and expand the scope of relevant transactions contemplated under the Marketing and Promotion
       Services Framework Agreement I. In light of the expanded scope of transactions contemplated under
       the Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I (as supplemented by the Supplemental
       Agreement II), the annual caps for the total fees payable by Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/
       or any of their affiliates to Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates
       for the transactions contemplated under the Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement
       I (as supplemented by the Supplemental Agreement II) were adjusted to RMB43,000,000 and
       RMB65,000,000 for the financial years ended on March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022, respectively.

       For the financial years ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022, (i) the actual total fees paid/payable
       by Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates to Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/
       or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates with respect to the Marketing and Promotion Services
       Framework Agreement I amounted to approximately RMB25,335,000 and RMB11,436,000 respectively;
       and (ii) the actual total fees paid/payable by Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of
       their affiliates to Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates with respect to the
       Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement I were nil.

       On March 30, 2022, Beijing Alibaba Pictures and Beijing Taoxiu entered into the renewed marketing
       and promotion services framework agreement I (the “Renewed Marketing and Promotion Services
       Framework Agreement I”) with Youku Information and Cool Young for a term commenced from April
       1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025, to renew the Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
       Agreement I and to expand the scope of services to cover cooperations in relation to talent agency
       commercial development and copyrights procurement of short-form and medium-form videos. For the
       three financial years ended/ending on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, (i) the
       annual caps for the total fees payable by Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their
       affiliates to Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates with respect
       to the transactions contemplated under the Renewed Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
       Agreement I are RMB78,000,000, RMB88,000,000 and RMB98,000,000, respectively; and (ii) the
       annual caps for the total fees payable by Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any
       of their affiliates to Youku Information and/or Cool Young and/or any of their affiliates with respect
       to the transactions contemplated under the Renewed Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
       Agreement I are RMB15,000,000, RMB18,000,000 and RMB22,000,000, respectively. For the financial
       year ended March 31, 2023, (i) the actual total fees paid/payable by Youku Information and/or Cool
       Young and/or any of their affiliates to Beijing Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of
       their affiliates with respect to the Renewed Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement
       I amounted to approximately RMB17,484,000; and (ii) the actual total fees paid/payable by Beijing
       Alibaba Pictures and/or Beijing Taoxiu and/or any of their affiliates to Youku Information and/or Cool
       Young and/or any of their affiliates with respect to the Renewed Marketing and Promotion Services
       Framework Agreement I was nil.
     2022/23 年度報告
52   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (11)   Variety Shows Cooperation Framework Agreement

            On September 2, 2020, the Company and Youku Information, a consolidated entity of AGH, entered
            into a variety shows cooperation framework agreement (the “Variety Shows Cooperation Framework
            Agreement”), for a term commenced from September 2, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant
            to the Variety Shows Cooperation Framework Agreement, the Company and/or any of its affiliates
            and Youku Information and/or any of its affiliates may enter into specific cooperation agreements
            with respect to joint investment, commissioned production, joint investment and production,
            procurement of copyrights, commercial development, engagement of artists, advertising services
            cooperation, distribution of TV broadcasting rights and information online dissemination rights, and
            IP commercialization cooperation etc. in relation to variety shows, children’s shows and/or movies and
            dramas.

            For the three financial years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023, (i) the
            annual caps for the aggregate sum of the total investment amount to be made by the Company and/
            or its affiliates and the total fees payable by the Company and/or its affiliates to Youku Information
            and/or its affiliates under the Variety Shows Cooperation Framework Agreement are RMB10,000,000,
            RMB12,000,000 and RMB18,000,000, respectively; and (ii) the annual caps for the total fees
            payable by Youku Information and/or its affiliates to the Company and/or its affiliates with respect
            to the transactions contemplated under the Variety Shows Cooperation Framework Agreement are
            RMB40,000,000, RMB50,000,000 and RMB60,000,000, respectively.

            For the financial years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 (i) the total actual
            investment amount made by the Company and/or its affiliates and the total actual fees paid/payable
            by the Company and/or its affiliates to Youku Information and/or its affiliates under the Variety Shows
            Cooperation Framework Agreement were nil; and (ii) the total actual fees paid/payable by Youku
            Information and/or its affiliates to the Company and/or its affiliates with respect to the transactions
            contemplated under the Variety Shows Cooperation Framework Agreement amounted to approximately
            RMB2,090,000, RMB26,979,000 and RMB9,846,000 respectively.

     (12)   Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement and 2023
            Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement

            On March 26, 2021, 上海阿里巴巴影業有限公司 (Shanghai Alibaba Pictures Co., Ltd.*) (“Shanghai
            Alibaba Pictures”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into an advertising services
            and IP commercialization cooperation framework agreement (the “Advertising Services and IP
            Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with Youku Tudou, a consolidated entity
            of AGH, for a term commenced from April 1, 2021 and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the
            Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement, both parties agreed
            that Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or any of its affiliates will (i) authorize Youku Tudou and/or any of
            its affiliates to use IP rights of Shanghai Alibaba Pictures’ and/or any of its affiliates’ audiovisual works
            on a non-exclusive basis for IP commercialization; and (ii) exclusively provide the advertising services to
            Youku Tudou and/or any of its affiliates.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT             53
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(12)   Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement and 2023
       Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement (Continued)

       On August 6, 2021, Shanghai Alibaba Pictures entered into a supplemental agreement (the “Advertising
       Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Supplemental Agreement”) with Youku
       Tudou to revise certain terms of the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation
       Framework Agreement, including (i) Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or any of its affiliates will provide
       advertising services on a non-exclusive basis to Youku Tudou and/or any of its affiliates; and (ii) the
       fees receivable by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or its affiliates from Youku Tudou and/or its affiliates
       (as agent for and on behalf of their respective clients) for the provision of the advertising services to
       promote the products or services of clients of Youku Tudou and/or its affiliates shall be 70% of the
       total advertising fees, which is calculated based on the actual usage of the advertising resources and
       services by the clients of Youku Tudou and/or any of its affiliate (as measured by the number of days
       that the relevant advertisement has been placed and displayed on the ticketing platforms and channels
       operated by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or any of its affiliates) and the published standard service
       fee (as amended by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or any of its affiliates from time to time), at a pre-
       determined discount rate, which is subject to downward or upward adjustments (prior written consent
       from Shanghai Alibaba Pictures is required in case of an upward adjustment) by Youku Tudou and/or its
       affiliates to cater for different commercial circumstances and with reference to the specific location or
       the space at which the relevant advertisement is placed or displayed.

       The annual caps for the total fees receivable by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and its affiliates from
       Youku Tudou and/or its affiliates for the IP commercialization cooperation and the provision of the
       advertising services contemplated under the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation
       Framework Agreement (as supplemented by the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization
       Cooperation Framework Supplemental Agreement) for each of the two financial years ended March
       31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 are RMB41,000,000 and RMB46,000,000 respectively. The actual service
       fees received/receivable by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and its affiliates from Youku Tudou and/or its
       affiliates under the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement
       (as supplemented by the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework
       Supplemental Agreement) for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately
       RMB6,735,000.

       On March 28, 2023, Shanghai Alibaba Pictures entered into a renewed advertising services
       and IP commercialization cooperation framework agreement (“2023 Advertising Services and
       IP Commercialization Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with Youku Technology for a term
       commencing on April 1, 2023 and ending on March 31, 2024 (which, upon expiration of such term, is
       automatically renewed for a successive period of one year subject to compliance with the requirements
       of the Listing Rules), to renew the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization Cooperation
       Framework Agreement (as supplemented by the Advertising Services and IP Commercialization
       Cooperation Framework Supplemental Agreement). For the financial year ending March 31, 2024,
       the annual cap of the total fees receivable by Shanghai Alibaba Pictures and/or its affiliates from
       Youku Technology and/or its affiliates under the 2023 Advertising Services and IP Commercialization
       Cooperation Framework Agreement is RMB10,000,000.
     2022/23 年度報告
54   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (13)   Warehousing and Logistics Services Framework Agreement and 2023 Warehousing And
            Logistics Services Framework Agreement

            On June 17, 2021, 天津端盒拿趣科技有限公司 (Tianjin Duanhenaqu Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Tianjin
            Duanhenaqu”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, and Hangzhou Cainiao, an indirect non-
            wholly-owned subsidiary of AGH, entered into a warehousing and logistics services framework
            agreement (the “Warehousing and Logistics Services Framework Agreement”) for a term commenced
            from June 17, 2021 and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Warehousing and Logistics Services
            Framework Agreement, Tianjin Duanhenaqu and/or its affiliates may procure warehousing services,
            distribution services, packaging services, system services, training service, customer services and other
            warehousing and logistics related services from Hangzhou Cainiao and/or its affiliates. The annual
            caps for the total fees payable by Tianjin Duanhenaqu and/or its affiliates to Hangzhou Cainiao and/
            or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated under the Warehousing and Logistics
            Services Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023 are
            fixed at RMB15,000,000 and RMB30,000,000, respectively. The actual service fees paid/payable by
            Tianjin Duanhenaqu and/or its affiliates to Hangzhou Cainiao and/or its affiliates with respect to the
            Warehousing and Logistics Services Framework Agreement for the financial years ended March 31,
            2022 and March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately RMB2,210,000 and RMB3,863,000, respectively.

            On March 28, 2023, Tianjin Duanhenaqu entered into a renewed warehousing and logistics services
            framework agreement (“2023 Warehousing And Logistics Services Framework Agreement”) with
            Hangzhou Cainiao, for a term commencing on April 1, 2023 and ending on March 31, 2026, to renew
            the Warehousing And Logistics Services Framework Agreement. For the three financial years ending
            March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026, the annual caps for the total fees payable
            by Tianjin Duanhenaqu and/or its affiliates to Hangzhou Cainiao and/or its affiliates under the 2023
            Warehousing and Logistics Services Framework Agreement are RMB10,000,000, RMB11,000,000 and
            RMB12,000,000, respectively.
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT              55
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(14)   Operation Services Agreement

       On February 8, 2022, Zhonglian Shengshi, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
       and Beijing Damai, a consolidated entity of AGH, entered into an operation services agreement (the
       “Operation Services Agreement”), for a term commenced from April 1, 2022 and ending on March
       31, 2025. Pursuant to the Operation Services Agreement, Beijing Damai (for itself and its affiliates)
       agreed to engage Zhonglian Shengshi and/or its affiliates to exclusively provide a full range of operation
       services, including (i) entering into business cooperation agreements (“Business Agreements”) with
       different live performance programme organizers, performance venue owners, exhibition organizers,
       other event organizers or related working parties for and on behalf of Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates;
       (ii) exercising rights (including rights to defend or initiate litigation proceedings or arbitration in the
       name of Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates) and fulfilling obligations (including but not limited to the
       provision of ticketing system and ticketing services) for and on behalf of Beijing Damai and/or its
       affiliates under the Business Agreements; (iii) managing, maintaining, developing or upgrading the
       ticketing system and sales channels operated by Beijing Damai, its affiliates or independent working
       parties; and (iv) providing other administrative management services and personnel support as required
       by Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates to Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates. The annual caps for the total
       service fees payable by Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates to Zhonglian Shengshi with respect to the
       transactions contemplated under the Operation Services Agreement for the financial years ended/
       ending March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 are RMB450,000,000. The Operation
       Services Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder (including the annual caps) were
       approved, confirmed and ratified by the independent shareholders of the Company at the special
       general meeting held on March 29, 2022.

       The actual service fees paid/payable by Beijing Damai and/or its affiliates to Zhonglian Shengshi
       under the Operation Services Agreement for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 amounted to
       approximately RMB370,929,000.

(15)   Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Framework Agreement

       On April 14, 2022, Hainan Lingjing Culture Technology Co., Ltd.* (海南靈境文化科技有限公司)
       (“Hainan Lingjing”), a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, and Hangzhou Ant, an indirect wholly-
       owned subsidiary of Ant Group, entered into a digital collectibles issuance cooperation framework
       agreement (the “Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Framework Agreement”), for a term
       commenced from April 14, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025. Pursuant to the Digital Collectibles
       Issuance Cooperation Framework Agreement, Hainan Lingjing and/or any of its affiliates may enter into
       specific agreements with Hangzhou Ant and/or any of its affiliates for the issuance of digital collectibles
       on the Jingtan Platform, whereby (i) Hangzhou Ant and/or any of its affiliates may assist Hainan Lingjing
       and/or any of its affiliates in creating the digital collectibles based on the original works of Hainan
       Lingjing and/or any of its affiliates through blockchain technology services; and (ii) Hainan Lingjing and/
       or any of its affiliates may authorize Hangzhou Ant and/or any of its affiliates as seller(s) to sell the
       digital collectibles on the Jingtan Platform.
     2022/23 年度報告
56   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (15)   Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Framework Agreement (Continued)

            The annual caps for the total fees payable by Hangzhou Ant and/or any of its affiliates to Hainan
            Lingjing and/or any of its affiliates under the Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Framework
            Agreement for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 and the financial years ending March 31,
            2024 and March 31, 2025 are RMB20,000,000, RMB30,000,000 and RMB40,000,000, respectively.
            The actual service fees paid/payable by Hangzhou Ant and/or its affiliates to Hainan Lingjing and/or its
            affiliates with respect to the Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Framework Agreement for the
            financial year ended March 31, 2023 amounted to approximately RMB1,765,000.

     (16)   Digital Collectibles Technical Services Framework Agreement

            On April 14, 2022, Shouquanbao, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, and Ant Blockchain, an
            indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group, entered into a digital collectibles technical services
            framework agreement (“Digital Collectibles Technical Services Framework Agreement”) for a term
            commencing from April 14, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2025, whereby (i) Ant Blockchain and/
            or any of its affiliates may provide the blockchain technology services and other technical services to
            Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates, or (ii) Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates may provide
            intermediary services to Ant Blockchain and/or any of its affiliates.

            The annual caps for the total service fees payable by Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates to
            Ant Blockchain and/or any of its affiliates for the blockchain technology services under the Digital
            Collectibles Technical Services Framework Agreement for the three financial years ended/ending
            March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 are RMB35,000,000, RMB45,000,000 and
            RMB55,000,000, respectively. The actual service fees paid/payable by Shouquanbao and/or any
            of its affiliates to Ant Blockchain and/or any of its affiliates with respect to the Digital Collectibles
            Technical Services Framework Agreement for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 amounted to
            approximately RMB7,883,000.

            The annual cap for the total service fees payable by Ant Blockchain and/or any of its affiliates to
            Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates for the intermediary services under the Digital Collectibles
            Technical Services Framework Agreement for each of the financial year ended/ending March 31, 2023,
            March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 is RMB1,000,000. The actual service fees received/receivable
            by Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates from Ant Blockchain and/or any of its affiliates under the
            Digital Collectibles Technical Services Framework Agreement for the financial year ended March 31,
            2023 were nil.
                                                                                          2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT            57
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(17)   Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Agreement

       On April 6, 2022, Hainan Lingjing, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, and entered Hangzhou
       Ant, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group, entered into a digital collectibles issuance
       cooperation agreement (the “Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Agreement”), pursuant to which
       (i) Hangzhou Ant agreed to assist Hainan Lingjing in creating digital collectibles based on the original
       works of Hainan Lingjing through the blockchain technology services, and (ii) Hainan Lingjing agreed
       to authorize Hangzhou Ant as seller to sell digital collectibles on the Jingtan Platform. The term of the
       Digital Collectibles Issuance Cooperation Agreement commenced from April 6, 2022 and ended on the
       date of fulfilment of the order.

       The actual fees paid/payable by Hangzhou Ant to Hainan Lingjing under the Digital Collectibles Issuance
       Cooperation Agreement for the period from April 6, 2022 to the date of fulfilment of the order
       amounted to RMB475,471.70.

(18)   Digital Collectibles Technical Services Agreement

       On April 13, 2022, Hainan Lingjing, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, and entered Hangzhou
       Ant, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group, entered into a digital collectibles technical
       services agreement (the “Digital Collectibles Technical Services Agreement”), pursuant to which
       Hangzhou Ant agreed to provide blockchain technology services to Hainan Lingjing for a term
       commenced from April 13, 2022 and ended on April 22, 2022.

       The actual service fees paid/payable by Hainan Lingjing to Hangzhou Ant under the Digital Collectibles
       Technical Services Agreement for the period from April 13, 2022 to April 22, 2022 amounted to
       approximately RMB930,000.00.

(19)   Live Event Management Services and Artist-related Services Cooperation Framework
       Agreement

       On August 29, 2022, Cool Young, a consolidated subsidiary of the Company, entered into a
       cooperation framework agreement (“Live Event Management Services and Artist-related Services
       Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with Alipay (Hangzhou), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant
       Group, for a term commencing from August 29, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2023, pursuant to
       which Cool Young and/or any of its affiliates may provide live event management services and artist-
       related service to Alipay (Hangzhou) and/or its affiliates.

       The annual caps for the total service fees payable by Alipay (Hangzhou) and/or its affiliates to Cool
       Young and/or any of its affiliates under the Cooperation Framework Agreement for the financial
       year ended March 31, 2023 and nine months ended December 31, 2023 are RMB30,000,000 and
       RMB20,000,000, respectively. The actual service fees paid/payable by Alipay (Hangzhou) and/or any
       of its affiliates to Cool Young and/or any of its affiliates with respect to the Live Event Management
       Services and Artist-related Services Cooperation Framework Agreement for the financial year ended
       March 31, 2023 is nil.
     2022/23 年度報告
58   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (20)   EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement

            On September 29, 2022, the Company and AGH entered into an EBC cost reimbursement framework
            agreement (the “EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement”) with an initial term commenced
            on September 29, 2022 and ended on March 31, 2023 (which upon expiration of such initial
            term, is automatically renewed for a successive period of one year subject to compliance with the
            requirements of the Listing Rules). Pursuant to the EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement,
            AGH may allocate to the Company, and the Company may allocate to Alibaba Holding, the equity-
            based compensation costs associated with the relevant unvested awards held by any grantees (whose
            employment is transferred to the Group or the AGH Entities, as the case may be) and each party
            may reimburse the other party the amount in respect of the relevant vested awards (the “EBC Cost
            Reimbursement”).

            The annual cap for the amount payable by the Company to AGH under the EBC Cost Reimbursement
            Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2023 is RMB80,000,000. The annual cap for the
            amount payable by the Company to AGH under the EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement
            for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 is RMB12,000,000.

            The actual amount paid/payable by the Company to AGH with respect to the EBC Cost Reimbursement
            Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2023 amounted to RMB67,818,000. The actual
            amount paid/payable by AGH to the Company with respect to the EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework
            Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2023 amounted to RMB10,216,000.

            On March 28, 2023, the Company announced that EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement
            would be renewed on April 1, 2023 for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2023 and ending
            on March 31, 2024 by re-compliance with provisions of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules applicable
            to the relevant continuing connected transactions. The annual cap for the amount payable by the
            Company to AGH under the EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement for the year ending
            March 31, 2024 is RMB36,000,000. The annual cap for the amount payable by AGH to the Company
            under the EBC Cost Reimbursement Framework Agreement for the financial year ending March 31,
            2024 is RMB6,000,000.

     (21)   Production Services and the Programmes-related Commercial Development Services
            Cooperation Framework Agreement

            On March 28, 2023, Beijing Fanni Culture Media Co., Ltd* (北京蕃尼蕃尼文化傳媒有限公司) (“Beijing
            Fanni”), a consolidated entity of the Company, entered into a cooperation framework agreement (the
            “Production Services and the Programmes-related Commercial Development Services Cooperation
            Framework Agreement”) with Youku Information for a term commencing on April 1, 2023 and ending
            on March 31, 2026. Pursuant to the Production Services and the Programmes-related Commercial
            Development Services Cooperation Framework Agreement, (i) Youku Information and/or any of its
            affiliates, the parties to the agreement and/or any other investors of the programmes, movies and/or
            dramas may engage the Company’s consolidated entity and/or its affiliates to produce the programmes,
            movies and/or dramas (the “Production Services”); and (ii) Youku Information and/or any of its
            affiliates may entrust the Company’s consolidated entity and/or its affiliates to introduce customers
            for placement of advertisements, or commercial development, in relation to any programmes to be
            broadcasted on Youku Platform (collectively, the “Programmes-related Commercial Development
            Services”). The annual caps for the total fees in respect of the provision of the Production Services
            and the Programmes-related Commercial Development Services under the Production Services and the
            Programmes-related Commercial Development Services Cooperation Framework Agreement for the
            financial years ending March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026 are RMB12,000,000,
            RMB13,000,000 and RMB14,000,000, respectively.
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT            59
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(22)    Purchase Framework Agreement

        On March 31, 2023, Shouquanbao, a consolidated entity of the Company, entered into a purchase
        framework agreement (the “Purchase Framework Agreement”) with Alipay (Hangzhou), a wholly-
        owned subsidiary of Ant Group for a term commencing on April 1, 2023 and ending on March 31,
        2026, whereby Alipay (Hangzhou) and/or any of its affiliates may purchase derivative commodities and
        any other products (the “Products”) from Shouquanbao and/or any of its affiliates. The annual caps for
        the purchase for the financial years ending March 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026 are
        RMB30,000,000, RMB33,000,000 and RMB36,000,000, respectively.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed all of the above non-exempt continuing connected
transactions, and confirmed that the above non-exempt continuing connected transactions have been entered
into:

•       in the ordinary and usual course of the Group’s business;

•       on normal or better commercial terms; and

•       according to the relevant agreement governing them, on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
        interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Company’s independent auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions
in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements
Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740
“Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The independent auditor has issued the letter containing
their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions of the Company disclosed in
this annual report in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.

The independent auditor’s letter has confirmed that nothing has come to their attention that has caused them
to believe that such continuing connected transactions:

(i)     have not been approved by the Board;

(ii)    for the transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, were not, in all material
        respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

(iii)   were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
        the continuing connected transactions; and

(iv)    with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions, have
        exceeded their respective annual caps set by the Company.
     2022/23 年度報告
60   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (23)   Contractual Arrangements

            Overview

            The business of the Group involves movie production and distribution, radio and television programs
            production and operation, online data and transaction processing for online movie and live events
            ticketing platforms, internet information services for distributing information about investment in
            movies, television programs and entertainment business, and investment in movies, television programs
            and entertainment business (the “Restricted Business”). As the applicable PRC laws and regulations in
            force restrict foreign investment in the Restricted Businesses, the Group adopted a series of contractual
            arrangements with respect to three subsidiaries of the Company, namely: (i) Zhonglian Jinghua Culture
            Communication (Beijing) Co., Ltd.* (中聯京華文化傳播(北京)有限公司) (“Zhonglian Jinghua”), (ii) Beijing
            Ali Tao Movie & TV Culture Co., Ltd.* (北京阿里淘影視文化有限公司) (“Beijing Ali Tao”); and (iii)
            Shanghai Tao Piao Piao Movie & TV Culture Co., Ltd.* (上海淘票票影視文化有限公司) (“Shanghai Tao
            Piao Piao”) (collectively, the “OPCOs”) or their respective subsidiaries, which have enabled the Group,
            through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Zhonglian Shengshi and Hangzhou Taopiaopiao Technology Co.,
            Ltd.* (杭州淘票票科技有限公司) (formerly known as Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao Movie & TV Culture Co.,
            Ltd.* (杭州淘票票影視文化有限公司)) (“Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao”) (each a “WFOE” and collectively,
            the “WFOEs”), to obtain effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the
            businesses operated by the OPCOs, and the OPCOs, in turn, operate the Restricted Businesses through
            itself and its subsidiaries.

            Prior to the VIE Restructuring (as defined below), the contractual arrangements were entered into
            among the WFOEs, the OPCOs and the four individual registered owners of the OPCOs (the “Ex-
            Registered Owners”) (the “Previous Contractual Arrangements”).

            As part of AGH’s strategy in enhancing the variable interest entities (“VIEs”) structure, during the
            financial year ended March 31, 2021, the four Ex-Registered Owners under the Previous Contractual
            Arrangements entered into equity transfer agreements with Beijing Baoxuan Yingcheng Culture Co.,
            Ltd.* (北京寶軒影橙文化有限公司) (“Beijing Baoxuan”), pursuant to which (a) two Ex-Registered
            Owners agreed to transfer 50% and 50% of the equity interests in each of Zhonglian Jinghua and
            Beijing Ali Tao respectively to Beijing Baoxuan, and (b) the other two Ex-Registered Owners agreed to
            transfer 50% and 50% of the equity interests in Shanghai Tao Piao Piao respectively to Beijing Baoxuan
            (the “VIE Restructuring”). On the same day, each of the OPCOs (i.e. Zhonglian Jinghua, Beijing Ali Tao
            and Shanghai Tao Piao Piao) became owned as to 100% by Beijing Baoxuan. Beijing Baoxuan is wholly-
            owned by Hangzhou Baoxuan Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (杭州寶軒投資管理有限公司), a
            company established in the PRC with limited liability (“PRC Investco”), which is held as to each 50% by
            two PRC limited partnerships established in the PRC (“PRC LPs”), both of which were ultimately owned
            by a company established in the PRC with limited liability serving as a general partner of the PRC LPs
            (“PRC GP”) and five selected members of the Alibaba Partnership or AGH’s management who are PRC
            citizens (the “Five Individuals”).
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT              61
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Overview (Continued)

       As a result of the equity transfers under the VIE Restructuring, the Group entered into a series of
       contractual arrangements (the “Contractual Arrangements”) with the OPCOs and Beijing Baoxuan
       (as new registered owner of OPCOs) (the “Registered Owner”), which contain substantially the same
       terms as the Previous Contractual Arrangements and enable the Group to continue, through the
       WFOEs, to maintain effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the
       businesses operated by the OPCOs, which in turn operate the Restricted Businesses through itself and
       its subsidiaries. The VIE Restructuring has been first disclosed in the Company’s 2020/21 Annual Report.
       Further details in relation to the terms of the Structured Contracts (as defined below) and Contractual
       Arrangements are set out below. Through the Structured Contracts and the Contractual Arrangements,
       the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the OPCOs were consolidated into the
       Company’s financial statements, and the OPCOs were regarded as indirect subsidiaries of the Group
       under HKFRS 10 during the year ended March 31, 2023.

       Particulars of the OPCOs and their Registered Owner

       As at March 31, 2023, particulars of the OPCOs and their respective registered owner are as follows:

       Name of OPCO         Registered Owner            Registered Capital   Principal Activities

       Zhonglian Jinghua    100% by Beijing Baoxuan     RMB10 million        Investment holding

       Beijing Ali Tao      100% by Beijing Baoxuan     RMB99 million        Investment holding

       Shanghai Tao Piao    100% by Beijing Baoxuan     RMB10 million        Film investment; film distribution;
         Piao                                                                   ticketing agency; technological
                                                                                consultation, technology transfer
                                                                                and technology services in the
                                                                                professional field of network
                                                                                technology; e-commerce
     2022/23 年度報告
62   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            Particulars of the OPCOs and their Registered Owner (Continued)

            The following table sets out the subsidiaries of Zhonglian Jinghua as at March 31,2023:

            Name of Subsidiary              Holding Company             Ownership   Principal Activities

            Zhonglian Huameng               Zhonglian Jinghua           100%        Production of broadcasting &
              (Shanghai) Cultural Media                                               television programs; distribution;
              Co., Ltd.* (中聯華盟(上海)                                                    exchanging and planning of
              文化傳媒有限公司)                                                               screen- based, cultural & art
                                                                                      events; film investment

            Beijing Alibaba Pictures        Zhonglian Jinghua           100%        Film distribution, film production;
              Culture Co., Ltd.*                                                       performance brokerage; production
              (北京阿里巴巴影業文化                                                              of broadcasting & television
              有限公司)                                                                    programs

            Beijing Silu Yunpai             Zhonglian Jinghua           60%         Technical promotion services;
              Technology Co., Ltd.*                                                   computer system services; software
              (北京思盧雲拍科技有限                                                             design; design, production, agency
              公司)                                                                     sale and release of advertisements

            Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin) Co., Beijing Alibaba Pictures    100%        Production of broadcasting &
              Ltd.* (阿里巴巴影業(天津)               Culture Co., Ltd.                       television programs
              有限公司)

            Alibaba Shouquanbao             Beijing Alibaba Pictures    100%        Advertising and sale of entertainment
              (Tianjin) Culture               Culture Co., Ltd.                       related merchandise and derivative
              Communication Co., Ltd.*                                                products
              (阿里巴巴授權寶(天津)文化
              傳播有限公司)

            Hangzhou Youwu Culture          Alibaba Shouquanbao         100%        Digital collectibles issuance,
              Communication Co., Ltd.*        (Tianjin) Culture                       establishment of platforms
              (杭州魷物文化傳播有限                     Communication Co., Ltd.
              公司)
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT           63
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Particulars of the OPCOs and their Registered Owner (Continued)

       The following table sets out the subsidiaries of Beijing Ali Tao as at March 31, 2023:

       Name of Subsidiary            Holding Company               Ownership   Principal Activities

       Zhejiang Dongyang       Beijing Ali Tao                     100%        Investment in and production and
         Microcosmic Movie &                                                     distribution of film and TV
         Media Co., Ltd.* (浙江東                                                   copyrights
         陽小宇宙影視傳媒有限公司)

       Shanghai Alibaba Pictures     Beijing Ali Tao               100%        Film investment, film production
         Co., Ltd.* (上海阿里巴巴
         影業有限公司)

       Beijing Yulebao Movie &  Beijing Ali Tao                    100%        Investment in and production and
         Media Co., Ltd.* (北京娛樂                                                  distribution of film and TV
         寶影視傳媒有限公司)                                                              copyrights

       Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba     Beijing Ali Tao               100%        Investment in and production and
         Pictures Co., Ltd.* (浙江東                                                distribution of film and TV
         陽阿里巴巴影業有限公司)                                                            copyrights; investment
                                                                                 management

       Alibaba Pictures (Beijing)    Beijing Ali Tao               100%        Investment in and production and
         Co., Ltd.* (阿里巴巴影業                                                      distribution of film and TV
         (北京)有限公司)                                                               copyrights

       Horgos Xiaoyuzhou Movie &     Zhejiang Dongyang             100%        Investment in and production and
         TV Culture Co., Ltd.*         Microcosmic Movie &                       distribution of film copyrights
         (霍爾果斯小宇宙影視文                   Media Co., Ltd.
         有限公司)

       Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   Zhejiang Dongyang             70%         Film distribution and marketing
         Culture Media Co., Ltd.*      Microcosmic Movie &
         (北京藍天黑馬文化傳媒                   Media Co., Ltd.
         有限公司)

       Beijing Surprise Plentiful    Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and marketing
         Culture Media Co., Ltd.*      Culture Media Co., Ltd.
         (北京鯨喜很多文化傳媒
         有限公司 )
     2022/23 年度報告
64   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            Particulars of the OPCOs and their Registered Owner (Continued)

            Name of Subsidiary             Holding Company               Ownership   Principal Activities

            Beijing Imagination Infinity   Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and marketing
              Culture Media Co., Ltd.*       Culture Media Co., Ltd.
              (北京想象力無限文化傳媒
              有限公司)

            Beijing Basic Skill Culture    Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and marketing
              Media Co., Ltd.* (北京           Culture Media Co., Ltd.
              基本功文化傳媒有限公司)

            Beijing Xiangyang Culture      Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and marketing
              Media Co., Ltd.* (北京           Culture Media Co., Ltd.
              象樣文化傳媒有限公司)

            Beijing Dark Horse Youth       Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   100%        Film distribution and marketing
              Culture Media Co., Ltd.*       Culture Media Co., Ltd.
              (北京黑馬青春文化傳媒有
              限公司)

            Beijing Yuliang Culture Media Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse    100%        Film distribution and marketing
              Co., Ltd.* (北京魚良文化傳           Culture Media Co., Ltd.
              媒有限公司)

            Shanghai Xingya Culture  Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse         100%        Film distribution and marketing
              Media Co., Ltd.* (上海行鴨   Culture Media Co., Ltd.
              文化傳媒有限公司)

            Shanghai Yuliang Culture Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse         100%        Film distribution and marketing
              Media Co., Ltd.* (上海魚良   Culture Media Co., Ltd.
              文化傳媒有限公司)

            Zhongyu (Tianjin)              Beijing Yulebao Movie &       100%        Factoring
              Commercial Factoring Co.,      Media Co., Ltd.
              Ltd.* (中娛(天津)商業保理
              有限公司)

            Hangzhou Kangmai          Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba          100%        Investment management, industrial
              Investment & Management   Pictures Co., Ltd.                             investment and investment
              Co., Ltd.* (杭州康邁投資                                                       consultation
              管理有限公司)
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT              65
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Particulars of the OPCOs and their Registered Owner (Continued)

       Name of Subsidiary             Holding Company             Ownership   Principal Activities

       Hangzhou Alibaba Movie         Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba   100%        Investment management, industrial
         & TV Investment &              Pictures Co., Ltd.                      investment and investment
         Management Co., Ltd.*                                                  consultation
         (杭州阿里巴巴影視投資
         管理有限公司)

       Beijing Fanni Fanni Culture Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba      60%         Production of variety shows,
         Media Co., Ltd.* (北京        Pictures Co., Ltd.                         television programs and short
         蕃尼蕃尼文化傳媒有限公司)                                                          dramas for children

       Cool Young Culture             Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba   51%         Talent agency
         Communication Co., Ltd.*       Pictures Co., Ltd.
         (酷漾文化傳播有限公司)

       Hainan Alibaba Pictures Co.,   Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba   100%        Production, distribution, and
         Ltd.* (海南阿里巴巴影業                Pictures Co., Ltd.                      marketing of film and television
         有限公司)                                                                  programs

       Beijing Taoxiu New Media       Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba   60%         Internet information services,
         Technology Co., Ltd.*          Pictures Co., Ltd.                       advertising and marketing
         (北京淘秀新媒體科技有限
         公司)

       Tianjin Duanhenaqu             Hangzhou Kangmai          100%          Sale of pop toys
         Technology Co., Ltd.*          Investment & Management
         (天津端盒拿趣科技有限                    Co., Ltd.
         公司)

       Beijing Ju You Xiang           Hangzhou Kangmai          100%          Investment in and production and
         Fa Movie & TV Culture          Investment & Management                 distribution of film and television
         Communication Co., Ltd.*       Co., Ltd.                               programs
         (北京劇有想法影視文化傳
         播有限公司)

       Beijing Tangerine Orange       Hangzhou Kangmai          100%          Marketing of film and television
         Culture Media Co., Ltd.*       Investment & Management                programs
         (北京橘子橙子文化傳媒                    Co., Ltd.
         有限公司)
     2022/23 年度報告
66   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            Particulars of the OPCOs and their Registered Owner (Continued)

            Name of Subsidiary            Holding Company             Ownership   Principal Activities

            Aliyu (Tianjin) Culture       Hangzhou Kangmai          100%          IP-related products
              Communication Co., Ltd.*      Investment & Management
              (阿鯉魚(天津)文化傳播                  Co., Ltd.
              有限公司)

            Hainan Lingjing Culture       Hangzhou Kangmai          100%          Digital collectibles issuance
              Technology Co., Ltd.*         Investment & Management
              (海南靈境文化科技有限                   Co., Ltd.
              公司)

            Tianjin Ju You Yin Li Movie & Hangzhou Kangmai          100%          Production, distribution of
              TV Culture Communication      Investment & Management                 broadcasting & television
              Co., Ltd.* (天津劇有引力            Co., Ltd.                               programs
              影視文化傳播有限公司)

            Taomailang (Beijing)          Hangzhou Kangmai          100%          Computer system services
              Technology Co., Ltd.*         Investment & Management
              (淘麥郎(北京 )科技有限                 Co., Ltd.
              公司)

            Zhejiang Tao Piao Piao        Hangzhou Kangmai            100%        Production and distribution
              Movie & TV Culture            Investment &                            of broadcasting & television
              Media Co., Ltd.* (浙江          Management Co., Ltd.                    programs
              淘票票影視文化傳媒有
              限公司)

            Suzhou Ju You Xiang     Hangzhou Kangmai                  100%        Production and distribution
              Fa Movie & TV Culture   Investment &                                  of broadcasting & television
              Communication Co.,      Management Co., Ltd.                          programs
              Ltd.* (蘇州劇有想法影視
              文化傳播有限公司)

            Beijing Ju You Xin Yi Movie   Beijing Ju You Xiang        100%        Production of broadcasting &
              & TV Culture Co., Ltd.*       Fa Movie & TV Culture                   television programs
              (北京劇有心意影視文化                   Communication Co., Ltd.
              有限公司)
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT            67
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Particulars of the OPCOs and their Registered Owner (Continued)

       Name of Subsidiary           Holding Company                Ownership   Principal Activities

       Fuzhou As One Movie & TV     Beijing Ju You Xiang           100%        Production and distribution of
         Culture Communication        Fa Movie & TV Culture                      broadcasting & television
         Co., Ltd* (福州淇心劇力            Communication Co., Ltd.                    programs
         影視文化傳播有限公司)

       Zhejiang As One Movie &      Beijing Ju You Xiang           100%        Production and distribution
         TV Culture                   Fa Movie & TV Culture                      of broadcasting & television
         Communication Co.,           Communication Co.,                         programs
         Ltd* (浙江淇心劇力影視               Ltd.
         文化傳播有限公司)

       Beijing 102 Artists Agency   Cool Young Culture             100%        Talent agency
         Co., Ltd* (北京壹零貳藝人           Communication Co., Ltd.
         經紀有限公司)

       Beijing Liyu Culture         Cool Young Culture             100%        Talent agency
         Communication Co., Ltd.*     Communication Co., Ltd.
         (北京里娛文化傳播有限
         責任公司)

       Hainan Canno Studio          Hainan Alibaba Pictures Co.,   100%        Production, distribution, and
         Pictures Co., Ltd.* (海南      Ltd.                                       marketing of film and television
         可能製造影業有限公司)                                                             programs
     2022/23 年度報告
68   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            Summary of the major terms of the Contractual Arrangements

            As at March 31, 2023, there were three sets of ongoing Contractual Arrangements in place:

            (a)   in respect of Zhonglian Jinghua, a series of exclusive service agreements, loan agreements, equity
                  interest pledge agreements, powers of attorney on shareholders’ voting rights and exclusive
                  option agreements (the “Structured Contracts”) were entered into Zhonglian Shengshi (as the
                  Company’s Subsidiary, i.e. one of the WFOEs), Zhonglian Jinghua (as the OPCO) and Beijing
                  Baoxuan (as the Registered Owner);

            (b)   in respect of Beijing Ali Tao, the Structured Contracts were entered into among Zhonglian
                  Shengshi (as the Company’s Subsidiary, i.e. one of the WFOEs), Beijing Ali Tao (as the OPCO) and
                  Beijing Baoxuan (as the Registered Owner); and

            (c)   in respect of Shanghai Tao Piao Piao, the Structured Contracts were entered into among
                  Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao (as the Company’s Subsidiary, i.e. one of the WFOEs), Shanghai Tao
                  Piao Piao (as the OPCO) and Beijing Baoxuan Yingcheng (as the registered owner).

            Each of the above sets of Contractual Arrangements includes substantially similar terms and the
            terms of the Contractual Arrangements are substantially consistent with the Previous Contractual
            Arrangements without substantive variation. A brief summary of the major terms is set out below:

            (1)   Exclusive Service Agreements (獨家服務協議)

                  Pursuant to the Exclusive Service Agreements, the relevant OPCO has agreed to engage
                  the relevant WFOE as its exclusive provider of, among other matters, technical support and
                  consultancy services requested by the relevant OPCO from time to time to the extent permitted
                  under applicable PRC laws in exchange for service fees. The service fees are fixed with reference
                  to the net profit of the relevant OPCO. In respect of certain specific technical services requested
                  by the relevant OPCO, the relevant OPCO shall pay the relevant WFOE a service fee as quoted by
                  the relevant WFOE taking into account the nature and workload of such services. The relevant
                  WFOE may adjust the amount of service fees with reference to the actual services provided and
                  the actual business operations of the relevant OPCO. The relevant OPCO shall not oppose to
                  such adjustment unless with reasonable grounds.

                  Unless otherwise prescribed under the PRC laws and regulations, the relevant WFOE shall have
                  exclusive proprietary rights to any intellectual property (including but not limited to copyright,
                  patent, technical secret and trade secret) in the work product developed by the relevant WFOE or
                  the relevant OPCO in the course of the provision of services under the relevant Exclusive Service
                  Agreement.

                  Each of the Exclusive Service Agreement has a term of 20 years and will be automatically
                  renewed for successive one-year term upon expiry unless otherwise notified by the relevant
                  Subsidiary. The relevant Exclusive Service Agreement shall be terminated prior to expiration in
                  the event that the business period of either the relevant WFOE or the relevant OPCO expires.
                                                                                          2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             69
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Summary of the major terms of the Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       (2)   Loan Agreements (借款協議)

             Pursuant to the Loan Agreements, the relevant WFOE agreed to provide interest-free loans to
             Beijing Baoxuan as capital contribution to the relevant OPCO or for other purposes as agreed by
             the relevant WFOE. Beijing Baoxuan, in return for the provision of loans, agreed to enter into an
             Equity Interest Pledge Agreement with the relevant WFOE to pledge all of its equity interest in
             the relevant OPCO as security.

             The term of each loan under the relevant Loan Agreement is 20 years from the signing date, or
             for a period until expiration of the business period of the relevant WFOE or the relevant OPCO,
             whichever is earlier. Beijing Baoxuan shall repay the loan upon expiration of the term. In that
             circumstance, unless otherwise prohibited by the applicable laws and regulations, the relevant
             Subsidiary or its designee is entitled to acquire the entire equity interest held by Beijing Baoxuan
             in the relevant OPCO for a consideration which is equal to the loan amount. Beijing Baoxuan
             shall waive any pre-emptive rights upon transfer of equity interest in the relevant OPCO to the
             relevant WFOE. Any tax arising from the loan shall be borne by the relevant WFOE.

       (3)   Equity Interest Pledge Agreements (股權質押協議)

             Pursuant to the Equity Interest Pledge Agreements, Beijing Baoxuan agreed to pledge all of its
             respective equity interests in the relevant OPCO to the relevant WFOE, as a security interest to
             guarantee the performance of contractual obligations and the payment of outstanding loans of
             Beijing Baoxuan. Unless due to the intentional misconduct or gross negligence of the relevant
             WFOE, the relevant WFOE shall not be liable for any decrease in value of the pledged interest,
             and Beijing Baoxuan shall not have any right to claim against the relevant WFOE as a result of
             such decrease in value. However, in the event that the decrease in value of the pledged interest
             may jeopardize rights of the relevant WFOE, or upon occurrence of default, the relevant WFOE
             may auction or sell the pledged interest for and on behalf of Beijing Baoxuan, and allocate the
             proceeds received for loan repayment or deposit such proceeds to the relevant WFOE’s local
             Notary Office.

             The pledge in respect of an OPCO takes effect upon completion of registration with the
             competent authority, and shall remain valid until all the contractual obligations of Beijing
             Baoxuan and the relevant OPCO under the relevant Structured Contracts have been fully
             performed and that all outstanding loans have been fully repaid. During the period of the
             pledge, without the prior written consent of the relevant WFOE, Beijing Baoxuan shall not create
             or agree to create any new pledge or other security on the equity interests of the relevant OPCO,
             nor assign or transfer any of the equity interests in the relevant OPCO.
     2022/23 年度報告
70   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            Summary of the major terms of the Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            (4)   Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights (股東表決權委託協議)

                  Pursuant to the Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights, Beijing Baoxuan irrevocably
                  appointed designee(s) of the WFOE who are PRC nationals, to act as its attorney on its behalf to
                  exercise all rights in connection with matters concerning its right as shareholder of the relevant
                  OPCO, including but not limited to:

                  (a)    attending the shareholders’ meeting of the relevant OPCO as representative(s) of Beijing
                         Baoxuan;

                  (b)    exercising shareholders’ voting rights on issues in respect of appointment of directors and
                         senior management, disposal of assets and liquidation, etc.;

                  (c)    signing meeting minutes and resolutions;

                  (d)    signing relevant documents when Beijing Baoxuan sells or transfers all or part of its equity
                         interest pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements;

                  (e)    signing all necessary documents when the relevant Subsidiary exercises its rights under
                         the relevant Equity Interest Pledge Agreement;

                  (f)    approving filing documents with the relevant competent authorities; and

                  (g)    other matters decided or executed by the shareholders pursuant to the relevant
                         constitutional documents.

                  The Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall remain effective for 20 years,
                  and will be automatically renewed for consecutive one-year term upon expiry unless otherwise
                  notified by the relevant WFOE. The Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall
                  be terminated prior to expiration in the event that the business period of either the relevant
                  Subsidiary or the relevant OPCO expires.
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT            71
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Summary of the major terms of the Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       (5)   Exclusive Option Agreements (獨家購買權協議)

             Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements, Beijing Baoxuan agreed to irrevocably,
             unconditionally and exclusively grant an exclusive option to the relevant WFOE, so that the
             relevant WFOE may elect to purchase, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or
             any part of the equity interests in, and/or all or any of the assets of, the relevant OPCO from
             Beijing Baoxuan by themselves or through their designee(s). In the event that any of the options
             is exercised by the relevant WFOE, the transfer price of the relevant equity interests and assets
             shall correspond to the registered capital amount and the net asset value, respectively, or the
             legal minimum price under the then applicable PRC laws (as the case may be). Subject to the
             applicable PRC laws, Beijing Baoxuan shall transfer all the consideration it receives in relation
             to such transfer of equity interests in and assets of the relevant OPCO to the relevant WFOE
             after receiving such consideration, after deduction of applicable taxes and government fees and
             repayment of any outstanding debt pursuant to the Loan Agreements.

             Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements, without the prior written consent of the relevant
             WFOE, Beijing Baoxuan shall not sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of in any manner any assets
             of the relevant OPCO (except in the ordinary course of business), or legal or beneficial interest
             in the business or revenues of the relevant OPCO, or allow the creation of any security interest
             thereon.

             The Exclusive Option Agreements shall remain effective from the execution date and terminate
             when the equity interests in and assets of the relevant OPCO have been legally transferred to
             the relevant WFOE or its designee in accordance with the terms of the relevant Exclusive Option
             Agreement.
     2022/23 年度報告
72   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            Revenue and assets subject to the Contractual Arrangements

            During the Reporting Period, the Group expanded the scale of investments and business operated under
            the OPCOs, and revenues generated from and assets held through the OPCOs had begun to form a
            material portion of the Group’s total revenue and assets. The following table sets out (i) revenue and
            (ii) assets involving the OPCOs which are consolidated into the Group’s financial statements pursuant to
            the Structured Contracts:

                                                                   Revenue (RMB’000)
                                                                    (proportionate %             Assets (RMB’000)
                                                                         to the Group)          (proportionate %
                                                                   For the year ended               to the Group)
                                                                       March 31, 2023        As at March 31, 2023

            Zhonglian Jinghua                                          1,202,365 (34%)            3,691,051 (24%)
            Beijing Ali Tao                                            1,399,863 (40%)            3,692,547 (24%)
            Shanghai Tao Piao Piao                                         28,788 (1%)               109,028 (1%)

            Reasons for using the Contractual Arrangements

            As disclosed above, as the applicable PRC laws and regulations as detailed below in force restrict
            foreign investment in the Restricted Businesses which are fundamental to the Group’s business, the
            Group has participated in the Restricted Businesses through the Contractual Arrangements.

            According to the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment
            (外商投資准入特別管理措施(負面清單)), Regulations relating to the Management of Foreign-Invested
            Telecommunications Enterprises (外商投資電信企業管理規定) and other applicable laws and regulations
            in the PRC (the “PRC Regulations”), in order to engage in the Restricted Businesses, a company is
            required to obtain permit to distribute movies (電影發行經營許可證), permit to produce and distribute
            radio or television programs (廣播電視節目製作經營許可證), EDI permit relating to online data and
            transaction processing for online movie and live events ticketing platforms (增值電信業務經營許可證)
            and ICP permit relating to internet information services for distributing information about investment
            in movies, television programs and entertainment business (增值電信業務經營許可證) and, subject
            to certain limited exceptions, foreign investors are prohibited from holding equity interest in any
            companies that engage in the Restricted Businesses. Due to such legal restriction on foreign ownership
            and investment in the Restricted Businesses, the Company, decided that, in line with common practice
            in industries in the PRC subject to foreign investment restrictions, the Company would obtain effective
            control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the
            OPCOs through the Contractual Arrangements. In the opinion of the Company’s PRC legal advisers, the
            Contractual Arrangements do not violate applicable PRC laws and regulations.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT             73
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to
       mitigate the risks

       The Company’s PRC legal advisers had advised us that while the Contractual Arrangements do not
       violate the applicable PRC laws and regulations, there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and
       application of the applicable PRC laws, rules, and regulations. As such, the Group believes the following
       risks are associated with the Contractual Arrangements:

       •      If the PRC government finds that the Contractual Arrangements that allow the Company to
              consolidate the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the OPCOs which
              operate the Restricted Businesses do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, we
              could be subject to penalties and our business may be materially and adversely affected;

       •      Certain terms of the Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under PRC laws;

       •      The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the OPCOs as
              equity ownership;

       •      Any failure by the OPCOs or the Registered Owner to perform their obligations under the
              Contractual Arrangements would potentially lead to the Company having to incur additional
              costs and expend material resources to enforce such arrangements, and/or temporary or
              permanent loss of control over the Restricted Businesses and the revenue from these businesses;

       •      The Registered Owner may have potential conflicts of interest with the Group, which may
              materially and adversely affect the Group’s business and financial condition;

       •      The Contractual Arrangements may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they
              may determine that the Company or the OPCOs owe additional taxes, which could negatively
              affect the Group’s financial condition and the value of the Shareholders’ investment;

       •      If any of the WFOEs or OPCOs becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation proceeding,
              the Group may lose the ability to use and enjoy certain important assets, which could materially
              and adversely affect its business;

       •      The Company’s exercise of the option to acquire the equity interests of the OPCOs may be
              subject to certain limitations and the ownership transfer may incur substantial costs;

       •      The Company does not have any insurance which covers the risks relating to the Contractual
              Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder; and

       •      The Group’s current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the Foreign
              Investment Law of the PRC.
     2022/23 年度報告
74   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            Risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to
            mitigate the risks (Continued)

            The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective internal control and operation
            of the Group with the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements and the compliance with the
            Contractual Arrangements:

            (i)     major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual
                    Arrangements or any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to the
                    Board, if necessary, for review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

            (ii)    the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
                    Arrangements at least once a year;

            (iii)   the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
                    Arrangements in its annual reports; and

            (iv)    the Company will engage external legal advisers or other professional advisers, if necessary, to
                    assist the Board to review the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements, review the legal
                    compliance of the WFOEs and the OPCOs to deal with specific issues or matters arising from the
                    Contractual Arrangements.

            Material changes in the foreign ownership restriction requirements

            The Contractual Arrangements have been put in place purely to allow the Group to comply with the
            foreign ownership restrictions under the PRC Regulations. Save as disclosed, during the Reporting
            Period, there was no other material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or the circumstances
            under which they were adopted, and none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound as the
            regulatory restrictions that led to their adoptions were not removed.

            PricewaterhouseCoopers, the Company’s independent auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s
            continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
            3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
            Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
            Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
            Accountants. The Company’s independent auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with
            respect to the continuing connected transactions of the Company disclosed in this annual report
            entered into as at March 31, 2023:

            (i)     nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that the disclosed
                    continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;

            (ii)    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to
                    the auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that the transactions were not, in all material
                    respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;
                                                                                                 2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT        75
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Material changes in the foreign ownership restriction requirements (Continued)

       (iii)       nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that the transactions were
                   not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
                   such transactions;

       (iv)        with respect to the disclosed continuing connected transactions with the Registered Owner and
                   the OPCOs under the Contractual Arrangements, nothing has come to the auditor’s attention
                   that causes it to believe that dividends or other distributions have been made by the OPCOs to
                   the holders of the equity interests of the OPCOs which are not otherwise subsequently assigned
                   or transferred to the Group; and

       (v)         with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions (other
                   than the transactions under the Contractual Arrangements), nothing has come to the auditor’s
                   attention that causes it to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have
                   exceeded their respective annual caps set by the Company.

       In respect of the continuing connected transactions, the Company has followed the policies and
       guidelines as laid down in the guidance letter HKEX-GL73-14 issued by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
       when determining the price and terms of the transactions conducted during the Reporting Period.

       Save as disclosed above, all other related party transactions entered into by the Group which also
       constituted connected transactions (including continuing connected transactions), but were exempt
       from annual review and disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, are set out in
       Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company confirms that it has complied with the
       disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

       *       For identification purpose only

       Note: Save as disclosed above, all actual transaction amounts as stated in the section headed “Connected
       Transactions” are exclusive of 6% value-added tax.


       Listing Rules Implications

       Upon a recent review by Alibaba Group of its overall VIE profile, the Company was informed that
       there has been an additional layer of contractual arrangements among the Five Individuals, the PRC
       GP, the PRC LPs and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Group, pursuant to which AGH obtains
       effective control over, and receives all the economic benefits of Beijing Baoxuan (the “Additional VIE
       Arrangement”). Accordingly, Beijing Baoxuan is consolidated into the financial statements of Alibaba
       Group under the Additional VIE Arrangement for accounting treatment purposes.
     2022/23 年度報告
76   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

     (23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

            Listing Rules Implications (Continued)

            As such, Beijing Baoxuan, being an associate of AGH (which in turn is the ultimate controlling
            shareholder and a connected person of the Company), was or is, as the case may be, a connected
            person of the Company as at the date when the Contractual Arrangements were entered into and as
            at the date of this report. Therefore, the continuing transactions under the Contractual Arrangements
            should constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
            Rules.

            The Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) are of the view that it is inappropriate
            for the Company to (i) set an annual cap for the transactions under the Contractual Arrangements
            under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules, and (ii) limit the term of the Contractual Arrangements to three
            years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules with the following grounds:

            (i)     the Previous Contractual Arrangements has been in place since in or around mid-2016 and
                    that the Contractual Arrangements have terms substantially consistent to those of the Previous
                    Contractual Arrangements, and that all necessary factual information about the Contractual
                    Arrangements have been disclosed in the annual reports of the Company;

            (ii)    the Contractual Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder are fundamental
                    to the Group’s legal structure and business operations as the adoption of the Contractual
                    Arrangements enables the Group to continue, through the WFOEs, to maintain effective control
                    over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the OPCOs,
                    which in turn operate the Restricted Businesses;

            (iii)   the Contractual Arrangements are for fixed terms and for a fixed period, and are entered into for
                    the benefit of the Group, and unlike typical connected transactions, since the Registered Owner
                    acts as shareholder of the OPCOs to facilitate the arrangements whereby economic benefits from
                    the OPCOs are transferred to the Company, there is no concern of leakage of economic benefits
                    to connected persons to the detriment of minority shareholders of the Company under the
                    Contractual Arrangements;

            (iv)    the Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors), consider that the Contractual
                    Arrangements are on normal commercial terms or on terms more favourable to the Group, in
                    the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and are fair and reasonable or to the
                    advantage of the Group and are in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a
                    whole; and

            (v)     the Company believes that it will not be in the interest of the Company and the Shareholders
                    to set any annual cap on the amounts of fees payable to the Company under the Contractual
                    Arrangements.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            77
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions (Continued)

(23)   Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

       Listing Rules Implications (Continued)

       Pursuant to Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, the Group has obtained the opinion from an independent
       financial adviser, pursuant to which the independent financial adviser considers that in relation to the
       Contractual Arrangements, (i) the continuing connected transactions in respect of the Contractual
       Arrangements have been entered into in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of business on normal
       commercial terms, on terms that are fair and reasonable, and in the interest of the Company and
       the Shareholders as a whole; (ii) a term of longer than three years is required for the Contractual
       Arrangements; and (iii) it is normal business practice for the Contractual Arrangements to be of such
       duration exceeding three years. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
       June 30, 2023.

       Based on the above, the Contractual Arrangements shall continue to be in place for so long as the
       shares of the Company are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange subject to the following internal
       measures to safeguard the Contractual Arrangements:

       (i)     no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

       (ii)    no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

       (iii)   the Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable our Group to receive the economic
               benefits derived by the OPCOs; and

       (iv)    the Group will disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

       Confirmation from the independent non-executive Directors

       The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual Arrangements and confirmed
       that:

       (i)     the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance
               with the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

       (ii)    no dividends or other distributions have been made by the OPCOs to Beijing Baoxuan which are
               not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during the Reporting Period;
               and

       (iii)   any contracts renewed between the Group and the OPCOs during the Reporting Period are fair
               and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is concerned and in
               the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.
     2022/23 年度報告
78   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

     As at March 31, 2023, the following parties had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying
     shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section
     336 of the SFO:


     Ordinary Shares of HK$0.25 each in the capital of the Company

                                                                           Number of                              Approximate
                                                                              Shares/                            percentage of
                                       Capacity in which                   underlying      Long position/         issued share
     Name of Shareholder               interests are held                 Shares held      Short position               capital
                                                                                                                       (Note 2)

     Ali CV                            Beneficial owner (Note 1)      13,488,058,846       Long position              50.0007%

     Alibaba Investment Limited        Interest of controlled         13,488,058,846       Long position              50.0007%
       (“AIL”)                            corporation (Note 1)

     AGH                               Interest of controlled         13,488,058,846       Long position              50.0007%
                                          corporation (Note 1)

     Bian Ximing/Yang Minghua          Beneficial owner                 1,865,160,000      Long position                   6.91%

     Notes:

     1.       This represents the interest in 13,488,058,846 Shares held by Ali CV as beneficial owner. As of March 31, 2023, Ali
              CV was wholly owned by AGH, through its controlled corporation, AIL. Accordingly, AGH and AIL were deemed to
              have the same interest held by Ali CV.

     2.       As of March 31, 2023, the Company had a total of 26,975,740,156 Shares in issue.


     Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2023, there were no other parties who had interests or short
     positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by
     the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


     DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESSES

     None of the Directors and their respective associates is interested in any business apart from the Group’s
     businesses which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
     Group.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige
     the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the Company’s existing shareholders.
                                                                                                   2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT              79
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM ISSUE OF EQUITY SECURITIES

On March 5, 2019, the Company allotted and issued 1,000,000,000 new ordinary Shares (the “Subscription
Share(s)”) of nominal value of HK$250,000,000 in the capital of the Company to Ali CV as the Subscriber
at the subscription price of HK$1.25 per Subscription Share (the “Subscription”). The Directors considered
that the Subscription would further strengthen the collaboration between the Company and Alibaba Group’s
other media content and distribution businesses and lay down a more solid foundation for the Company’s
future business development. The closing price of the Shares as quoted on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
was HK$1.23 on December 7, 2018, being the last trading day immediately prior to the date on which the
terms of the Subscription were fixed. The net proceeds, after deduction of all relevant expenses incidental
to the Subscription, were estimated to be approximately HK$1,247,500,000 and the net subscription price
per Subscription Share was approximately HK$1.25. The net proceeds from the Subscription would mainly be
used for content investment, the further expansion of customer base, sales and marketing activities, selective
mergers and acquisitions when opportunities arise, and general corporate purposes.

Set out below are (i) a detailed breakdown and description of the net proceeds from the Subscription used
during the financial year ended March 31, 2023; and (ii) a detailed breakdown and description of the intended
use of the remaining net proceeds from the Subscription as at March 31, 2023:

                                                                       Used net
                                                                       proceeds
                                                                     during the           Unused net             Expected
                                                                  financial year            proceeds          timeline for
                                               Unused net                ended                  as at       fully utilizing
                                            proceeds as at            March 31,            March 31,       the remaining
Use of proceeds                               April 1, 2022                2023                 2023         net proceeds
                                               RMB million           RMB million          RMB million                (Note)

Content investment                                       144                   (85)                  59             ≤1 year

Further expansion of customer base                       102                   (60)                  42             ≤1 year

Sales and marketing activities                             23                  (10)                  13             ≤1 year

General corporate purpose                                  20                  (16)                   4             ≤1 year


Total                                                    289                 (171)                 118              ≤1 year


Note:   The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining net proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market
        conditions made by the Group. It remains subject to change based on market conditions.
     2022/23 年度報告
80   ANNUAL REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     ISSUANCE OF SHARES

     Save for the issuance and allotment of Shares pursuant to the 2012 Share Option Scheme and the Share
     Award Scheme, the Company did not issue any Shares during the Reporting Period.

     For details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period, please refer to
     Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.


     DEBENTURES

     The Group did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     Save for the 2012 Share Option Scheme, the 2021 Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Scheme as
     disclosed in the section headed “Share Incentive Schemes” of this report on pages 24 to 38, the Company
     has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the Reporting Period or there was not any subsisting
     equity-linked agreement entered into by the Company at the end of the Reporting Period.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES

     Except that the trustee of the Share Award Scheme purchased a total of 15,000,000 Shares from the market
     to satisfy the awarded shares granted to connected employees of the Company upon vesting pursuant to the
     terms and rules of the Share Award Scheme, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold
     or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities during the Reporting Period.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance code. Information on the
     corporate governance code adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages
     82 to 110.


     DONATIONS

     Donations made by the Group during the Reporting Period was nil (financial year ended March 31, 2022: nil).


     TAXATION RELIEF

     The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holdings
     of the Shares. If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing
     of, dealing in, or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their professional
     advisers.


     PUBLIC FLOAT

     As at the date of this report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the
     Listing Rules, based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of
     its Directors.
                                                                                      2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT     81
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

AUDITOR

There has been no change of the Company’s auditor in the past three years. The consolidated financial
statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”). A
resolution to re-appoint PwC as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM.

On behalf of the Board
Fan Luyuan
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong, May 31, 2023
     2022/23 年度報告
82   ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is committed
     to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance within a sensible framework with an emphasis on
     the principles of transparency, accountability and independence. The Board believes that good corporate
     governance is essential to the success of the Company and the enhancement of value to the Shareholders.

     Throughout the Reporting Period, the Company had applied and complied with the applicable code provisions
     of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the
     Reporting Period, except for the deviation from code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code (the “Code Provision
     C.2.1”) for the reasons below.

     Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be
     separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company does not have a separate
     chairman and chief executive officer. Mr. Fan Luyuan, appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company
     on August 2, 2017, has also acted as chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) since October 13, 2017. The
     Board considers that vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same person will
     facilitate the development and execution of the Group’s business strategies, which will help the Company
     overcome market challenges and create more value for the Shareholders. The Board believes that the balance
     of power and authority under such arrangement would not be impaired given that there are sufficient checks
     and balance in the Board as a decision to be made by the Board requires approval by a majority of the
     Directors and such balance is ensured by the Board which comprises experienced and high caliber individuals
     and a sufficient number of independent non-executive Directors.


     THE BOARD

     The Board currently comprises seven Directors in total, with three executive Directors (“ED(s)”), one non-
     executive Director (“NED(s)”) and three independent non-executive Directors (“INED(s)”). The composition of
     the Board during the Reporting Period and up to the publication date of this report is set out as follows:


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Li Jie
     Mr. Meng Jun


     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Tung Pen Hung (Appointed on May 15, 2023)
     Mr. Liu Zheng (Resigned on May 15, 2023)


     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Ms. Song Lixin
     Mr. Tong Xiaomeng
     Mr. Johnny Chen
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT              83
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

THE BOARD (Continued)

The Board has adopted a policy setting out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board (the “Board
Diversity Policy”) with the aims of enhancing the Board’s effectiveness and strengthening the corporate
governance for contributing to the long term growth and sustainability of the Company.

Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration
of a number of factors, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background,
professional experience, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on
meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of
diversity of the Board.

The Nomination Committee reviews the Board Diversity Policy on a regular basis and discusses any revisions
that might be required, and recommends to the Board for consideration and approval.

As at March 31, 2023, the Board and senior management comprised six male members and one female
member, and among the 1,393 employees of the Group, the ratio of male to female staff was approximately
1.04:1. The Board considers that the current Board is diverse in terms of gender and consists of members with
an appropriate balance and level of knowledge, skills, experience and perspectives required to support the
implementation of business strategies. The Company also takes into consideration factors based on its business
needs and availability of the suitable qualified individuals in determining the optimal composition of the Board.
At present, the Company has not set any measurable objectives for implementation of the diversity policies
in relation to the Board members and the workforce of the Group (including gender diversity). However, the
Company will consider and review from time to time such diversity policies (including gender diversity) and
setting of any measurable objectives (if applicable).

An updated list of Board members identifying their roles and functions is maintained on the websites of the
Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The brief biographical details of the Directors are set out in the
section headed “Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management” on pages 16 to 19. Save as
disclosed therein, there is no financial, business, family or other material relationship among members of the
Board.

During the Reporting Period, the NEDs and INEDs provided the Group with a wide range of qualifications,
expertise and experience through regular attendance and active participation. Their positive contribution brings
independent judgment on issues relating to the Group’s strategy, performance and management process,
taking into account the interests of all Shareholders.
     2022/23 年度報告
84   ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     THE BOARD (Continued)

     The Company confirms that each INED has given an annual confirmation of his/her independence to the
     Company, and the Company considers each of them is independent under the guidelines set out in Rule 3.13
     of the Listing Rules. The Board believes that there is sufficient independence on the Board to safeguard the
     interest of Shareholders.

     The Board meets regularly to discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial performance of
     the Group and to review and approve the Group’s annual and interim results. Directors may participate either
     in person or through electronic means of communications. During the Reporting Period, eight Board meetings
     and two general meetings of the Company were held. The attendance of each Director at Board meetings and
     general meetings of the Company is set out as follows:

                                                                                      Number of meetings
                                                                                   attended/eligible to attend
     Directors                                                                  Board Meetings    General Meetings

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)                                      8/8                     1/2
     Mr. Li Jie                                                                               8/8                     2/2
     Mr. Meng Jun                                                                             8/8                     2/2

     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Tung Pen Hung1 (Appointed on May 15, 2023)                                           N/A                     N/A
     Mr. Liu Zheng (Resigned on May 15, 2023)                                                 8/8                     1/2

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Ms. Song Lixin                                                                           8/8                     1/2
     Mr. Tong Xiaomeng                                                                        7/8                     2/2
     Mr. Johnny Chen                                                                          8/8                     2/2

     Note:

     1.      Mr. Tung Pen Hung was appointed as NED on May 15, 2023. Since his appointment, no Board meeting or general
             meeting of the Company was held.


     The Board has reserved for its decision or consideration matters covering mainly the Group’s overall strategy,
     annual operating budgets, annual and interim results, recommendations on Directors’ appointment or
     re-appointment, material contracts and transactions, as well as other significant policy and financial matters.
     The Board has delegated responsibility for day-to-day operations to management under the instruction and
     supervision of the executive committee of the Company (the “Executive Committee”) which has its specific
     written terms of reference. The Board will review the respective functions of the Board and management of
     the Company from time to time to ensure that they are consistent with the existing rules and regulations.

     All Directors are required to disclose to the Company offices held in public companies or organizations and
     other significant commitments in order to ensure that they can give sufficient time and attention to the
     Company’s affairs.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            85
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

THE BOARD (Continued)

The Board should meet regularly at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals. During the
Reporting Period, the Board held 4 regular meetings and 4 ad hoc meeting. The Company’s daily business
operations are under the management of its executive Directors. In addition to regular meetings, the Board
will hold ad hoc meetings from time to time as necessitated by business needs in order to consider and resolve
all material business or management issues of the Company. At least 14 days’ notice of a regular Board
meeting is normally given to all Directors who are given an opportunity to include matters for discussion in
the agenda. The company secretary assists the Chairman in preparing the agenda for meetings and ensures
that all applicable rules and regulations are complied with. The agenda and the accompanying Board papers
are normally sent to all Directors at least three days before the intended date of a regular Board meeting (and
so far as practicable for such other Board meetings). Draft minutes of each Board meeting are circulated to all
Directors for their comments. All minutes are kept by the Company Secretarial Department of the Company
and are open for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by any Director.

According to current Board practice, any transaction which involves a conflict of interests for a substantial
Shareholder or a Director and which is considered by the Board to be material will be dealt with by the
Board at a duly convened Board meeting. The Bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”) also stipulate that
a Director should abstain from voting and not be counted towards the quorum at meetings for approving
transactions in which such Director or any of his associates has a material interest.

Each Director is entitled to have access to Board papers and related materials and has access to the advice
and services of the company secretary. The Board and each Director also have separate and independent
access to the Company’s management. In addition, a written procedure was established in June 2005 to
enable the Directors, in the discharge of their duties, to seek independent professional advice in appropriate
circumstances at a reasonable cost to be borne by the Company.

The Company has arranged liability insurance for Directors and officers with appropriate coverage for certain
legal liabilities which may arise in the course of performing their duties.

Mechanisms to ensure Board Independence

The Company has mechanisms (the “Board Independence Mechanisms”) in place to ensure independent views
and input are available to the Board which is critical to good corporate governance. Pursuant to the Board
Independence Mechanisms, the Board committees or individual Directors may seek independent professional
advice, views and input as considered necessary to fulfil their responsibilities and in exercising independent
judgement when making decision in furtherance of their Directors duties of the Company’s expense. The
implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms will be reviewed by the Board on an annual basis. The
findings of the Board’s annual review are as follows:

•      Proper meeting arrangements and procedures are in place to facilitate open, constructive, informed
       discussions and thorough consideration of relevant issues;

•      The Board has full access to management’s updates and availability of all material information on
       performance and key activities and projects; and

•      The Board has access to independent professional advice at the expense of the Company if necessary to
       perform the responsibilities of the Board. Arrangement to seek independent professional advice can be
       made through the company secretary of the Company.

The board considered the Board Independence Mechanisms have been implemented effectively during the
Reporting Period.
     2022/23 年度報告
86   ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     THE BOARD (Continued)

     Training and Support for Directors

     Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities. Each newly appointed Director would receive
     an induction package covering the Company’s businesses and the statutory and regulatory obligations of a
     director of a listed company. The Company also provides briefings and other training to develop and refresh
     the Directors’ knowledge and skills. The Company continually updates Directors on the latest developments
     regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements, to ensure compliance and enhance
     their awareness of good corporate governance practices. Circulars or guidance notes are issued to Directors
     and senior management where appropriate, to ensure awareness of best corporate governance practices.

     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Directors participated in the
     following trainings:

                                                               Attending seminars              Reading newspaper,
                                                                and/or conferences            journals and updates
                                                            and/or forums relating        relating to the economy,
                                                             to directors’ duties or            general business or
                                                              other relevant topics             directors’ duties etc

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Fan Luyuan                                                                ✔                                 ✔
     Mr. Li Jie                                                                    ✔                                 ✔
     Mr. Meng Jun                                                                  ✔                                 ✔

     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Tung Pen Hung (Appointed on May 15, 2023)                                N/A                            N/A
     Mr. Liu Zheng (Resigned on May 15, 2023)                                      ✔                              ✔

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Ms. Song Lixin                                                                ✔                                 ✔
     Mr. Tong Xiaomeng                                                             ✔                                 ✔
     Mr. Johnny Chen                                                               ✔                                 ✔
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT           87
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

The Board is responsible for performing corporate governance duties including:

(i)     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

(ii)    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
        management of the Company;

(iii)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
        requirements;

(iv)    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
        employees and Directors of the Company; and

(v)     to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and its disclosure requirements in the
        Corporate Governance Report.

During the Reporting Period, the Board (i) reviewed the Company’s policies on corporate governance and
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (ii) reviewed and monitored the training and continuous
professional development of Directors and the code of conduct of the Company; and (iii) reviewed the
Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.


ROLES OF CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be
separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Fan Luyuan, appointed as the chief
executive officer of the Company on August 2, 2017, has also acted as chairman of the Board since October
13, 2017. The Board considers that vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same
person will facilitate the development and execution of the Group’s business strategies, which will help the
Company overcome market challenges and create more value for the Shareholders.

The Board believes that the balance of power and authority under such arrangement would not be impaired
and would continue to be adequately ensured by the current Board which comprises experienced and high
caliber individuals with a sufficient number of independent non-executive Directors.
     2022/23 年度報告
88   ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     NOMINATION, APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

     The Board has adopted a nomination policy (the “Director Nomination Policy”) which sets out the criteria
     and process in the nomination and appointment of Directors to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills,
     experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company and to ensure Board continuity and
     appropriate leadership at the Board level.

     The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and nomination of Directors to the
     nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”) in accordance with its terms of
     reference.

     Below is the summary of the Director Nomination Policy:


     Selection Criteria

     The Nomination Committee shall identify and nominate qualified individual(s) for appointment as additional
     Director(s) or to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise. The criteria to be adopted by the Board in
     considering each individuals shall be their ability to contribute to the effective carrying out by the Board of its
     responsibilities set out in the CG Code and Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules.

     In evaluating and selecting any candidate for directorship, the following criteria should be considered:

     •      character and integrity;

     •      qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to
            the Company’s business and corporate strategy;

     •      diversity aspects under the Board Diversity Policy including gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and
            educational background, racial, professional experience, ethnicity and length of service;

     •      (in case of independent non-executive directors) requirement for the Board to have independent
            directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidate would be considered
            independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules;

     •      any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills,
            experience, independence and gender diversity;

     •      willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/or
            Board committee(s) of the Company; and

     •      any other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and where
            applicable, may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time
            to time for nomination of directors and succession planning.

     These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee
     has the discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT            89
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

NOMINATION, APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
(Continued)

Nomination Process

(a)   Appointment of New Director

      (i)     The secretary to the Nomination Committee (being the company secretary of the Company
              according to its terms of reference) shall call for a meeting of the Nomination Committee when
              he or she receives nominations of candidates from Board members or put forward candidates
              who are not nominated by any Board member.

      (ii)    The Nomination Committee should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new
              director and the biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such
              candidate based on the criteria listed above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for
              directorship.

      (iii)   If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee should rank
              them by order of preference based on the needs of the Company, the criteria listed above and
              reference check results of each candidate (where applicable).

      (iv)    The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate
              candidate for directorship, as applicable.

      (v)     For any person that is nominated by a shareholder for election as a director at the general
              meeting of the Company, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such
              candidate based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is
              qualified for directorship.

      Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make recommendation(s) to
      the Shareholders in respect of the proposed election of director at the general meeting.

(b)   Re-election of Director at General Meeting

      (i)     The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service
              to the Company of the retiring director and the level of participation and performance on the
              Board.

      (ii)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the
              retiring director continues to meet the criteria listed above.

      (iii)   The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation(s) to
              Shareholders in respect of the proposed re-election of director(s) at the general meeting.

      Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as director at the general
      meeting, the relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to the Shareholders
      and/or explanatory statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance
      with the Listing Rules and/or applicable laws and regulations.
     2022/23 年度報告
90   ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     NOMINATION, APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
     (Continued)

     New directors, on appointment, are given an induction package containing all key legal and Listing Rules’
     requirements as well as guidelines on the responsibilities and obligations to be observed by a director of a
     listed company. The package includes the latest published financial reports of the Company and the
     documentation for the corporate governance code adopted by the Board. The new directors are subsequently
     provided with briefings and/or trainings as necessary to ensure that they have more detailed information on
     the Group’s businesses and activities.

     Each of the EDs and NEDs (including INEDs) has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a
     term of one year and the term of his/her service shall be renewed automatically for successive one-year term or
     until terminated in accordance with his/her letter of appointment. The office of each director is also subject to
     the relevant provisions of the Bye-laws or any other applicable laws whereby the directors shall vacate or retire
     from their office but is eligible for re-election. The Bye-laws provide that any director appointed by the Board
     to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or, as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office until the first
     general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting.

     The code provision B.2.2 of the CG Code requires all directors, including those appointed for a specific term,
     to be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. The Company has fully complied with
     such code provision.

     The Shareholders may, at any general meeting convened and held in accordance with the Bye-laws, by
     ordinary resolution remove a director at any time before the expiration of his period of office notwithstanding
     anything contrary in the Bye-laws or in any agreement between the Company and such director and may by
     ordinary resolution elect another person in his stead.


     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established various committees, including the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration
     Committee”), the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), the Nomination Committee and the Executive
     Committee, to perform their distinct roles in accordance with their respective terms of reference.

     The Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable
     request, are able to seek independent professional advice in accordance with the Company’s policy in
     appropriate circumstances. Copies of minutes of all meetings and resolutions of the committees, which are
     kept by the Company Secretarial Department of the Company, are circulated to all Board members and
     the committees are required to report back to the Board on their decision and recommendations, where
     appropriate. The procedures and arrangements for a Board meeting, as mentioned in the section headed
     “The Board” of this Corporate Governance Report, have been adopted for the committee meetings so far as
     practicable.


     Remuneration Committee

     The Remuneration Committee has been established since June 2005 and currently consists of three members,
     including Mr. Tong Xiaomeng (Chairman), Mr. Fan Luyuan and Ms. Song Lixin. Among the three members of
     the Remuneration Committee, one member is an ED and two members are INEDs.
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             91
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

Remuneration Committee (Continued)

The major roles and functions of the Remuneration Committee are:

(i)     to review and recommend to the Board the remuneration policy and packages of the Directors and,
        where appropriate, to consult the chairman and/or chief executive officer about the committee’s
        proposals relating to the remuneration of other executive Directors;

(ii)    to consider salaries or fees paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
        employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;

(iii)   to review and recommend the compensation payable to executive Directors for any loss or termination
        of office or appointment;

(iv)    to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for
        misconduct; and

(v)     to ensure that no Director is involved in deciding his own remuneration.

The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange and the Company. The Remuneration Committee has adopted the model described in code provision
B.1.2(c)(ii) (which has been re-numbered as E.1.2(c)(ii) since January 1, 2022) of the CG Code in its terms of
reference.

The Remuneration Committee shall meet at least once a year. One Remuneration Committee meeting was
held in the Reporting Period and the attendance of each member of the Remuneration Committee is set out as
follows:

                                                                                      Number of Committee
                                                                                        meetings attended/
Committee members                                                                        eligible to attend

Mr. Tong Xiaomeng (Chairman)                                                                                1/1
Mr. Fan Luyuan                                                                                              1/1
Ms. Song Lixin                                                                                              1/1

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended for the Board’s
approval (i) the existing policy and structure for the remuneration of Directors (including the executive
Directors) and senior management; (ii) the remuneration packages (including share-based award) of the
Directors (including the executive Directors) and senior management; and (iii) the proposed remuneration
package of the newly appointed non-executive Director during the Reporting Period.
     2022/23 年度報告
92   ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

     Remuneration Committee (Continued)

     The Remuneration Committee reviews and recommends to the Board for approval of the remuneration of
     the Directors (including the executive Directors), having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual
     performance, time commitment and responsibilities, and comparable market remuneration packages for
     directors of listed issuers in Hong Kong. The remuneration packages for the Directors comprise directors’
     fees** and/or salaries, discretionary bonuses, share options or awarded shares that may be granted from
     time to time under the Company’s share incentive schemes, contributory provident fund, social security fund,
     medical benefits and training.

     **     The executive Directors and the non-executive Directors (other than the independent non-executive Directors) will
            not receive any Director’s fees


     Save Mr. Tung Pen Hung, who does not receive remuneration from the Company, each current Director,
     will be entitled to remuneration which is to be proposed for the Shareholders’ approval at the AGM each
     year. Remuneration payable to the individual Directors will be determined with reference to his experience
     and the prevailing market rate of director’s fees. Further remuneration payable to Directors including any
     other fees to the INEDs for their additional responsibilities and services will be approved by the Board on the
     recommendation of the Remuneration Committee.

     Details of the Directors’ remuneration are set out in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.
     Details of the remuneration policy of the Group are also set out in the paragraph headed “Employees and
     Remuneration Policies” in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” on page 15.

     The remuneration payable to three members of the senior management of the Company by band for the
     Reporting Period is set out below:

     Remuneration bands                                                                                 Senior management

     HK$500,000 – HK$1,000,000                                                                                                  1
     HK$1,000,001 – HK$2,000,000                                                                                                –
     HK$2,000,001 – HK$2,500,000                                                                                                1
     HK$2,500,001 – HK$11,000,000                                                                                               –
     HK$11,000,001 – HK$11,500,000                                                                                              1

     The 2012 Share Option Scheme was adopted and approved by the Shareholders at the AGM held on June
     11, 2012, and was terminated upon the adoption of the 2021 Share Option Scheme on September 6, 2021.
     Details of the 2021 Share Option Scheme are set out in the Directors’ Report on pages 24 to 32 and Note 25
     to the consolidated financial statements.

     The Company’s Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Board on December 30, 2016 and amended on
     March 29, 2019 and January 17, 2020, respectively. Details of the Share Award Scheme are set out in the
     Directors’ Report on pages 32 to 38 and Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT         93
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

Remuneration Committee (Continued)

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee discussed and made recommendations on the
grants of Awarded Shares under the Share award Scheme to, among other employees, the Directors and senior
management. The vesting periods of such Awarded Shares were shorter than 12 months with no performance
target attached, but subject to a clawback mechanism, whereby the Awarded Shares will be canceled upon the
occurrence of certain circumstances including but not limited to termination of the grantee’s employment or
service by the Company for cause.

Having considered that the performance and contributions to the Group by the Directors and senior
management, the Remuneration Committee and the Board considered that the grant of such Awarded Shares
with a vesting period shorter than 12 months and no performance target attached (i) rewards and recognises
the contribution of the Directors and senior management; and (ii) provides incentive to retain them for
continual development of the Group.

Therefore, the Remuneration Committee considered that the grant was appropriate, aligned with the purpose
of the Share Award Scheme and was in the interest of the Company and the Shareholders.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee has been established since August 2001 with a set of revised written terms of reference
adopted on August 28, 2015 which are in line with the CG Code. The Audit Committee currently consists
of three INEDs. To retain independence and objectivity, the Audit Committee is chaired by an INED (with
appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise). The current
members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Johnny Chen (Chairman), Ms. Song Lixin and Mr. Tong Xiaomeng.

The major roles and functions of the Audit Committee are:

(i)      to consider and recommend to the Board the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external
         auditor, to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any
         questions of resignation or dismissal of those auditors;

(ii)     to consider and discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of each year’s audit;

(iii)    to review and monitor the external auditor’s independence and objectivity;

(iv)     to review the interim and annual consolidated financial statements before submission to the Board;

(v)      to discuss any problems and reservations arising from the interim review and final audit, and any
         matters the external auditor may wish to discuss;

(vi)     to review the external auditor’s management letters and management’s response;

(vii)    to review the Group’s financial controls, internal control and risk management systems;

(viii)   to discuss the internal control system with the management; and

(ix)     to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated
         by the Board and management’s response to these findings.
     2022/23 年度報告
94   ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

     Audit Committee (Continued)

     The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange and the Company. The Audit Committee has adopted the model described in code provision C.3.3
     (which has been re-numbered as D.3.3 since January 1, 2022) of the CG Code in its terms of reference.

     The Audit Committee shall meet at least twice a year. Three Audit Committee meetings were held during the
     Reporting Period and the attendance of each member of the Audit Committee is set out as follows:

                                                                                            Number of Committee
                                                                                              meetings attended/
     Committee members                                                                         eligible to attend

     Mr. Johnny Chen (Chairman)                                                                                    3/3
     Ms. Song Lixin                                                                                                3/3
     Mr. Tong Xiaomeng                                                                                             3/3

     During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee performed the work summarized as below:

     (i)     reviewed and recommended for the Board’s approval the scope and fees proposed by the external
             auditor in respect of the final audit for the year ended March 31, 2022 (the “2021/22 Final Audit”)
             and the interim results review for the six months ended September 30, 2022 (the “2022/23 Interim
             Review”);

     (ii)    reviewed the external auditor’s report of findings, independent review report and audit completion
             report in relation to the 2021/22 Final Audit and the 2022/23 Interim Review;

     (iii)   reviewed and recommended for the Board’s approval the Company’s consolidated financial statements
             (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”) for the year ended March 31, 2022 and for the six months
             ended September 30, 2022 together with the relevant management representation letters;

     (iv)    reviewed the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems as well as the internal
             audit function; and

     (v)     recommended to the Board, for the approval by the Shareholders, the re-appointment of the auditor of
             the Company.

     The Audit Committee was of the opinion that the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
     complied with the applicable accounting standards and requirements, and that adequate disclosures had been
     made. For details of the works relating to the risk management and internal control systems conducted by the
     Audit Committee, please refer to the “Accountability and Audit” section of this Corporate Governance Report.
                                                                                          2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT                95
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee has been established since March 2012 with a set of revised written terms of
reference adopted in August 2013 which are in line with the CG Code. The Nomination Committee currently
consists of three members, including Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman), Mr. Tong Xiaomeng and Mr. Johnny Chen.
Among three members of the Nomination Committee, one member is an ED and two members are INEDs.

The major roles and function of the Nomination Committee are:

(i)     to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity
        of perspectives) of the Board and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
        complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

(ii)    to make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individual(s) nominated for directorship(s);

(iii)   to assess the independence of INEDs;

(iv)    to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
        succession planning for Directors; and

(v)     to review a policy concerning diversity of Board members and its implementation and make
        recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange and the Company. The Nomination Committee has adopted the model described in code provision
A.5.2 (which has been re-numbered as B.3.1 since January 1, 2022) of the CG Code in its terms of reference.

The Nomination Committee shall meet at least once a year. One Nomination Committee meeting was held
during the Reporting Period and the attendance of each member of the Nomination Committee is set out as
follows:

                                                                                         Number of Committee
                                                                                           meetings attended/
Committee members                                                                           eligible to attend

Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman)                                                                                        1/1
Mr. Tong Xiaomeng                                                                                                1/1
Mr. Johnny Chen                                                                                                  1/1

For the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee (i) reviewed the Director Nomination
 Policy and its implementation; (ii) reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board; (iii) assessed
candidate(s) for directorship on criteria such as integrity, experience, skill and ability to commit time and
effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities and put the nomination of such candidate(s) to the Board
for decision; (iv) assessed the independence of all the INEDs; (v) reviewed and recommended for the Board’s
approval on re-election of the retiring Directors at the AGM; and (vi) considered and recommended for the
Board’s approval on the appointment of Mr. Liu Zheng as a non-executive Director.

For details of the Director Nomination Policy, please refer to the “NOMINATION, APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION
AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS” section of this Corporate Governance Report.
     2022/23 年度報告
96   ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

     Executive Committee

     The Executive Committee has been established since December 2004 and currently consists of three executive
     Directors, namely Mr. Fan Luyuan (Chairman), Mr. Li Jie and Mr. Meng Jun.

     The Executive Committee is vested with all the general powers of management and control of the activities of
     the Group as are vested in the Board, save for those matters which are reserved for the Board’s decision and
     approval pursuant to the written terms of reference of the Executive Committee.

     The Executive Committee will meet as and when necessary to discuss the operating affairs of the Group and
     also deals with matters by way of circulation. The Executive Committee is mainly responsible for undertaking
     and supervising the day-to-day management and is empowered, among others:

     (i)    to formulate and implement policies for the business activities, internal control and administration of
            the Group; and

     (ii)   to plan and decide on strategies to be adopted for the business activities of the Group within the
            overall strategy of the Group as determined by the Board.


     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND
     RELEVANT EMPLOYEES

     The Company has adopted its own code for securities transactions by the Directors and certain officers and
     employees of the Company or its subsidiaries who are considered to be likely in possession of unpublished
     inside information in relation to the Company or its securities, on terms not less exacting than the required
     standard set out in the Model Code.

     Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, all Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the
     required standard as set out in the Model Code and the Company’s code for securities transactions during the
     Reporting Period.


     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

     Financial Reporting

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing, with the support from the finance department,
     the consolidated financial statements of the Group. The Directors also acknowledge their responsibilities
     to ensure that the financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner. In preparing the
     consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2023, the accounting principles
     generally accepted in Hong Kong have been adopted and the requirements of the Hong Kong Financial
     Reporting Standards (which also include Hong Kong Accounting Standards and Interpretations) issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance were complied with. Appropriate accounting policies have also been applied
     consistently.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT              97
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

Financial Reporting (Continued)

The Audit Committee has recommended the Board to re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) as auditor
of the Company. The reporting responsibilities of the Company’s external auditor, PwC, are set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 111 to 124.

The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis. The Directors confirm that, to the best of
their knowledge, they are not aware of material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The Audit Committee reviewed the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experiences of staff of the
Group’s accounting and financial reporting function, and their training programs and budget.


Risk Management and Internal Control

The Company considers risk management and internal control to be an integral part of its operational
management and business activities. The Company takes steady steps to build a comprehensive risk
management system that is aligned with the group-wide strategy and which integrates relevant business
characteristics. The Company continues to optimize its organizational structure for risk management and
standardize its risk management procedures. Both qualitative and quantitative risk management
methodologies have been adopted to better identify, evaluate and address risks, so as to strike a balance
between risk and return, and to facilitate sustainable and sound growth of each business of the Company
while maintaining risk exposure within manageable limits.

Objectives of Risk Management and Internal Control

The mechanism for risk management and internal control has been established to evaluate and determine the
nature of and extent to which the Board is willing to take risks in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives,
and assist the Group in maintaining proper operations and achieving its performance, profitability goals and
overall mission. The immediate aim of internal control is to help provide a reasonable level of assurance that
the Group will meet agreed objectives and goals, which has a key role in achieving business objectives and
managing significant risks. The management provides the Board with confirmation as to
the effectiveness of relevant risk management and internal control systems, while the Board is responsible
for overseeing the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, as well as reviewing their
effectiveness, all with an aim to safeguard Shareholders’ investment and the Company’s assets at all times.
     2022/23 年度報告
98   ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     Objectives of Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     The Company actively adapts to changes in the internal and external environment, with a view to staying
     abreast of the rapid changes in the economic environment of the domestic and overseas Internet-based
     film and television industry, the promulgation of supervision regulations, as well as business integration and
     innovation within the Group. Focusing on its development strategy and maintaining a balanced risk appetite,
     the Company adheres to operational compliance while adopting a rational risk management approach. In
     a top-down manner, the Company has established robust and reliable risk management mechanisms and
     internal control systems at different levels including governance, management and operation. Further, by
     raising awareness about risk management and internal control among all employees, the Company has
     effectively integrated the risk management mechanisms into its daily operations. The Company has gradually
     established a dynamic and ongoing mechanism for risk monitoring, alert and response, thereby striking a
     balance between risk control and business development.



                                                                                Risk
                                                                               Strategy
                                      Governance
                                         Level                                  Risk
                                                                               Appetite

                                                                                Risk
                                                                              Prediction
                                                                      External Communication &
                                                                       Stakeholder Relationship

                                                 g                    Organizational Structure of
                                                rin                  Risk Management and Policies
                                               ito                                                              Ri
                                            on                                                                    sk
                         Management       kM
                            Level                                                                                  Ale
                                         Ris                                                                         rt


                                                                          Risk Identification
                                                                        Risk Assessment, and
                                                                       Key Risk Indicators (KRI)




                  Operation
                                                                                                      Management
                    Level                                                     Personnel,
                                                     Operation and                                    Information,
                                                                            Transformation,           Technology,
                                                       Process
                                                                             and Incentives         and Infrastructure




                                                                           Risk Response
                                                                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT   99
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

Risk Appetite System

The Group’s risk appetite sets the keynote for its risk management. The Company follows a prudent principle
in the determination of its risk appetite. In view of the overall strategic deployment of the Group and the
development needs of each business line, the Company explores the synergy between its development strategy
and risk appetite, thereby facilitating the sound operation and sustainable development of each business line
and the Group as a whole.

Organizational Structure of Risk Management and Illustration


                                                               First line of defense: execution of risk management

                                                                                      Operational Teams




                                     Senior Management
                                                         Content business: film content, drama series content;
                                                         Technology business: platform ticketing, digitalization and other technology products
                                                         IP merchandising and commercialization business: Alifish, KOITAKE




              Board of Directors
                                                            Second line of defense: risk identification in daily
                                                            operations and process optimization

                                                                                                                      Internal Audit Department
                                                            Financial Center             Legal Department
                                                                                                                          － Internal Control




                                                            Third line of defense: independent supervision and




                                   Audit Committee
                                                            inspection

                                                                 Internal Audit Department                                Integrity
                                                                      － Internal Audit




As the foremost decision-making body for risk management within the Company, the Board is responsible for
ensuring the effectiveness of its overall risk management efforts. In addition to assuming the responsibility
to establish and maintain an appropriate and effective risk management system, the Board will also oversee
management in designing, implementing and monitoring such risk management system, of which effectiveness
is to be assessed annually covering the reporting period each year. An Audit Committee has been established
by the Board. It performs duties in relation to risk management and internal control on behalf of the Board,
and oversees the management in designing, implementing and monitoring the risk management and internal
control systems. The Audit Committee reviews the Company’s financial control, risk management and internal
control systems on an ongoing basis. It discusses the risk management and internal control systems with
management, monitors and reviews their efficacy, annual audit plans and reports, and, on its own initiative or
upon appointment by the Board, studies important findings of investigations on risk management and internal
control issues and the management’s response to them.
100 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     Three Lines of Defense for Risk Management

     First line of defense: operational teams of business units
     At the first line of defense, operational teams of business units are responsible for executing relevant risk
     management processes and performing self-assessments on risk identification, risk alert and risk control in
     relation to internal risks of their respective units. They also report risk events and risk data in accordance with
     standard requirements of the Company.

     Second line of defense: risk management functions (a virtual organization consisting of Financial
     Center, Legal Department and Internal Audit Department – Internal Control Team)
     The risk management functions, as the second line of defense, are responsible for overall coordination of risk
     management efforts within the Company, including preparing the overall risk management plan; collecting,
     identifying, assessing, addressing and supervising risk information in daily operations; and leading various
     types of risk management work within their respective areas of expertise.

     Third line of defense: Internal Audit Department – Internal Audit Team and Integrity Team
     The independent supervision functions, as the third line of defense, are comprised of Internal Audit
     Department – Internal Audit Team and Integrity Team.

     The Internal Audit Department – Internal Audit Team has been designated to perform independent supervision
     and independent internal audit. This team is responsible for evaluating the effectiveness of the Group’s
     risk management processes and internal control system. The Integrity Team is responsible for conducting
     independent inspections on compliance and anti-fraud, and assessing the compliance of all employees of the
     Group with national laws and the Company’s internal compliance management system in their commercial
     cooperation with external parties and performance of internal duties.

     The Internal Audit Department is responsible for submitting regular audit plans and related reports on risk
     management and internal control to the Audit Committee for review. It is the responsibility of the Audit
     Committee to audit the annual audit plans and review relevant reports on risk management and internal
     control.

     Each team in the three lines of defense is staffed with experienced professionals. Comprising experienced
     professionals in risk control and auditing, the Internal Audit Department was established in January 2015. It
     reports to the Audit Committee directly and is responsible for planning audit work, which is presented to the
     Audit Committee for review. It also conducts independent audits following a risk-based approach to evaluate
     whether the Company’s internal control system is adequate and effective.

     Going forward, the Company will continue to dedicate itself to improving its risk management framework
     and ability, integrating risk management into its business operation more systematically, and strengthening
     the development of a routine risk evaluation mechanism. Meanwhile, the Company will continue to improve
     information-based development of its risk control measures, with a view to integrating management
     processes such as risk evaluation, risk control and risk oversight into relevant systems using information-based
     approaches.
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT             101
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

Main Work of Risk Management and Internal Audit in the Year

The Company highly values the development of risk management systems, and has been exploring different
methods to gradually identify and improve its overall risk management mechanism through operating and
management practices. During the Reporting Period, the Company adopted both qualitative and quantitative
risk management methodologies to regularly identify, evaluate and address risks that it faced during the
course of achieving operating targets and enhancing management capability. These measures enabled the risk
management systems to adapt to characteristics of the internal and external environment that the Company
faced as it entered a new stage of development. As a result, potential risks were identified in a timely manner,
for which effective countermeasures were proposed for risk prevention and control, thereby reducing losses
caused by risk exposure while allowing the Company to capitalize on opportunities amid risk to ensure its
sustainable, steady and sound development.

In addition, the Company values the establishment and improvement of internal systems related to corporate
governance. During the Reporting Period, not only did the Internal Audit Department execute risk-based
internal audits and review important business areas of the Company and corporate-level matters, it also
worked with operating units to discuss and rectify weaknesses, with a view to gradually improving internal
control mechanisms.

Management will focus on the implementation of previous rectification plans for internal control, regularly
discuss all internal control matters, as well as design and take corresponding rectification measures as
appropriate.
102 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     Management and Disclosure of Material Risks

     During the Reporting Period, the Company further sorted out, screened and reprioritized the risks that its
     existing businesses and new businesses faced, and established targeted response strategies for various internal
     and external risks.

     •     Continuously sort out and improve the internal risk control map and carry out special governance
           actions for high-risk areas:

           The Company continuously sorts out and improves the risk control map for its core business areas based
           on business nature, decision-making mechanism, financial information and chains, etc., and constantly
           optimizes multiple mechanisms and processes related to evaluation and decision-making for businesses
           including content and derivatives. In addition, a number of special governance actions have been
           carried out for key businesses or high-risk areas. For example, in the special actions for procurement,
           the Company identifies problems through inspection of procurement in key business lines and seeks
           solutions to improve the mechanism. It also continuously optimizes its dynamic supplier evaluation
           system to provide a solid basis for subsequent procurement decisions and enhance the efficiency
           of procurement decisions. The above-mentioned chain risks, problems identification, residual risks
           after rectification, etc. have been continuously updated to the risk control map, and the Company’s
           digitalization level in risk control and capabilities in risk management have been continuously promoted
           through ongoing optimization and iteration.

           On this basis, in order to adapt to organizational changes and meet the management needs of an
           agile organization, the Company has completed phased optimization of the process mechanism and
           improved process efficiency while ensuring compliance, so as to seek a balance between risks and
           flexibility.
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT            103
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

Management and Disclosure of Material Risks (Continued)

•     Flexibly address external risks, and summarize and list material risks as follows:

      Major External Risks          Description of Risks                Risk Responses

      Emergency risks               The film market in Mainland         Collaborate with industry partners
       (market risks)               China was affected by the           to support recovery of the film
                                    recurrence of the COVID-19          market
                                    pandemic in the first half of the
                                    current financial year, but the     1)     The Company launches the
                                    industry saw gradual recovery as           Cloud Production live event
                                    the state government continued             management system for the
                                    to optimize pandemic prevention            industry’s film and TV production
                                    and control policies in the                projects, which effectively
                                    second half of the year.                   enables the production houses
                                                                               and the production crew to
                                                                               collaborate more efficiently and
                                                                               to control the filming quality
                                                                               on-site, thereby supporting the
                                                                               recovery of the industry from the
                                                                               production side. Meanwhile, the
                                                                               virtual shooting project launched
                                                                               by Cloud Production further
                                                                               promotes the digitalization,
                                                                               industrialization and
                                                                               standardization of the industry,
                                                                               enabling the industry to reduce
                                                                               costs and improve efficiency;

                                                                        2)     Yunzhi has created a set
                                                                               of digital operation and
                                                                               management platform for the
                                                                               cinema, with the three major
                                                                               sectors of Yunzhi Film, Yunzhi
                                                                               Data, and Yunzhi Mobile, and
                                                                               strives to link theater ticketing,
                                                                               theater operation, and cost
                                                                               reduction and efficiency
                                                                               improvement to create an overall
                                                                               solution for a smart new theater.
104 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     Management and Disclosure of Material Risks (Continued)

     •     Flexibly address external risks, and summarize and list material risks as follows: (Continued)

           Major External Risks          Description of Risks                Risk Responses

                                                                             Expand sources of income and
                                                                             reduce expenditure while focusing
                                                                             on capital risk

                                                                             1)     The Company actively promotes
                                                                                    independent settlement right or
                                                                                    co-managed account mechanism,
                                                                                    with a view to reducing the risk
                                                                                    of payment collection;

                                                                             2)     The Company deepens its
                                                                                    consideration of commercial
                                                                                    interests, such as exit mechanism
                                                                                    and early warning mechanism, in
                                                                                    order to reduce investment risks;

                                                                             3)     The Company establishes a
                                                                                    credit management mechanism
                                                                                    for external partners, including
                                                                                    black, white and gray lists, to
                                                                                    reduce the risks of cooperation
                                                                                    and payment collection.
                                                                                          2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             105
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

Management and Disclosure of Material Risks (Continued)

•     Flexibly address external risks, and summarize and list material risks as follows: (Continued)

      Major External Risks          Description of Risks                Risk Responses

      Industrial policy risks       The content could not be            The Company closely monitors
                                    released as scheduled due           and stays updated on regulatory
                                    to unforeseeable factors of         development by actively engaging in
                                    supervision and review.             collaborative projects with governing
                                                                        and regulatory bodies. The Company
                                    Inappropriate contents or badly     adopts a stringent approach when
                                    behaved artists could easily        selecting project themes, promotes
                                    trigger negative feelings and       positive and aspiring values, with a view
                                    perceptions among consumers,        to producing works with distinct themes
                                    and may result in the failure       that promote positive values.
                                    to release the film, thereby
                                    affecting the Company’s             By continually optimizing content
                                    brand image and even causing        evaluation and decision-making
                                    economic losses.                    mechanisms and adopting a “greenlight
                                                                        committee” policy, the Company
                                                                        conducts strict reviews on evaluation
                                                                        and decision-making to avoid
                                                                        cooperating with artists who have
                                                                        negative records. In the event that
                                                                        potential risks occur, the Company will
                                                                        rely on technical means as remedial
                                                                        measures to reduce negative impacts.

      Legal and                     User data leakage triggers          The Company implements and timely
        compliance risks            personal privacy protection risks   updates user information protection
                                    and regulatory compliance risks     strategies in strict accordance with the
                                                                        requirements of regulatory authorities,
                                                                        including but not limited to permission
                                                                        settings, data disclosure, transmission
                                                                        among platforms, user agreements, etc.

                                    Damage to consumer rights         By continually improving user
                                    may give rise to risks of public  experience (refunds and ticket changes,
                                    discontent and lead to regulatory campaigns, etc.), the Company ensures
                                    penalties for the Company         compliance with the requirements
                                                                      of Consumer Councils and the State
                                                                      Administration for Market Regulation;

                                    Contents and copywriting which      The Company abides by regulatory
                                    involve obscenity, rumor and        requirements and enables quick
                                    defamation, illegality, etc. will   handling through ongoing reviews and
                                    trigger content compliance risks    controls on contents such as videos,
                                                                        platform copywriting and comments.
106 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

     Risk Management and Internal Control (Continued)

     Statement of the Board regarding the Internal Control Responsibility

     Through internal control, the Company aims to reasonably ensure that its operations comply with laws and
     regulations, its assets remain secure, its financial reports and relevant information are true and complete,
     while enhancing operational efficiency and effectiveness, and to facilitate the implementation of development
     strategies. Internal control procedures have been established to safeguard assets against unauthorized use or
     disposition, to ensure that proper accounting records are maintained to provide reliable financial information
     for internal use or publication, while ensuring compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. During
     the Reporting Period, the Company conducted a comprehensive review on its internal control system and
     reported its findings to the Audit Committee and the Board, and no significant deficiencies were identified.
     The Board believes that during the Reporting Period, the existing risk management and internal control system
     of the Company was adequate and effective in protecting the interests of the Company and its Shareholders.


     External Auditor’s Remuneration

     During the Reporting Period, the remuneration paid/payable to the Company’s external auditor, PwC, is set out
     as follows:

     Services rendered for the Group                                                                 Fee paid/payable

     Audit services (including annual audit and interim review)                                          RMB3,500,000
     Non-audit services                                                                                             –


     Total                                                                                               RMB3,500,000


     Handling and Dissemination of Inside Information

     The Company has in place a policy for the handling and disclosure of inside information in compliance with
     the SFO and the Listing Rules. The policy sets out the procedures and internal controls for the handling and
     dissemination of inside information in a timely manner so as to allow all the shareholders and stakeholders to
     assess the latest position of the Group.

     Under the policy, if an employee is aware of any information which he/she thinks could potentially constitute
     inside information, the employee should consult his/her supervisor who should consider whether to report the
     matter to the chief financial officer or general counsel of the Company.

     Directors regularly attend seminars and/or self-study materials on this subject matter to facilitate their
     understanding and compliance with the policy.
                                                                                          2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             107
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

COMPANY SECRETARY

From October 23, 2020 to June 30, 2022, Ms. Lew Aishan Nicole served as the Company’s company secretary.
With effect from June 30, 2023, Ms. Lew resigned as the company secretary of the Company in order to focus
on the other business affairs of Alibaba Group, and the Company appointed Ms. Chun Ka Yan as the company
secretary of the Company on the same day. Ms. Lew and Ms. Chun were not employees of the Company
and Mr. Fan Luyuan, the chairman and chief executive officer of the Company, was the contact person at the
Company whom Ms. Lew and Ms. Chun can contact.

The company secretary reports to the chairman of the Company and is responsible for advising the Board on
governance matters, new director induction and professional development of the Directors as well as ensuring
good information flow between the Board members and the compliance of the policies and procedures of the
Board.

Both Ms. Lew and Ms. Chun have confirmed that they received relevant professional training of not less than
15 hours to update their skills and knowledge during the Reporting Period.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Pursuant to the Bye-laws, Shareholders holding in aggregate not less than 10% of the paid-up capital of the
Company shall have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary at 26/F, Tower
One, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, to require a special general meeting to be
called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition and add resolutions to such
meeting agenda, and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition.

If within twenty-one days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the
requisitionists or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may
themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three
months from the said date.

Any number of Shareholders representing not less than 5% of the total voting rights of the Company on
the date of the requisition or not less than 100 Shareholders are entitled to put forward a proposal for
consideration at a general meeting of the Company. The Company shall on the requisition of such number
of Shareholders and at the expense of those requisitionists give to the Shareholders notice of any intended
resolution and any statement with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business
to be dealt with at that meeting. Requisitions for putting forward such proposal at a general meeting should
be addressed to the Board or the company secretary at the head office of the Company in Hong Kong;
Shareholders should follow the relevant requirements and procedures as set out in Section 79 of the Bermuda
Companies Act.

Pursuant to the Bye-Laws, if a shareholder, who is qualified to attend and vote at the general meeting, wishes
to propose a person other than a retiring Director for election as a Director at any general meeting, he/she
should deposit a written notice of intention to propose such person for election as a Director together with
a notice signed by the person of his/her willingness to be elected and lodge the same at the head office of
the Company in Hong Kong no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting
appointed for such election and no later than seven days prior to the date of such general meeting.

Detailed procedures for Shareholders to propose a candidate for election as a Director are available on the
Company’s website.
108 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

     The Board recognizes the importance of effective communication with the Shareholders and investors. The
     Board has established a shareholders communication policy setting out strategies that the Company has in
     place to promote effective communication with its Shareholders with the aim of ensuring Shareholders are
     provided with information about the Company and enabling them to engage actively with the Company and
     to exercise their rights as Shareholders in an informed manner.

     The Company communicates with the Shareholders and investors through various channels including
     publication of interim and annual reports, announcements, circulars and other corporate communications and
     publications available on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and/or the Company.

     The Board considers the Company’s general meetings as a valuable channel for it to communicate directly with
     the Shareholders. The Company encourages the participation of the Shareholders through AGMs and other
     general meetings where the Shareholders meet and exchange views with the Board, and to exercise their rights
     to vote at meetings. The chairman of any independent board committee formed as necessary or pursuant to
     the Listing Rules (or if no such chairman is appointed, at least a member of the independent board committee)
     will also be available to answer questions at any general meeting to approve a connected transaction or any
     other transaction that is subject to the independent Shareholders’ approval.

     The Company held its AGM on August 22, 2022 (the “2022 AGM”). At the 2022 AGM, Mr. Fan Luyuan, the
     chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company, was present and available to answer
     any questions raised by the Shareholders. A separate resolution is proposed by the chairman of the Board on
     each substantial issue, including the election of individual Directors, to be considered at the general meetings.

     The notice to the Shareholders is to be sent in case of an AGM at least 21 clear days before the meeting
     and to be sent at least 14 clear days in case of any other general meeting. An explanation of the detailed
     procedures for conducting a poll is provided to the Shareholders at the commencement of the meeting. The
     Chairman answers any questions from Shareholders regarding voting by way of a poll. The poll results are
     published in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

     Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries to the Board in writing through the company secretary
     to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at 26/F, Tower One, Times Square, 1 Matheson
     Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong. Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general
     meetings of the Company.

     The implementation and effectiveness of the above-mentioned communication policy are reviewed by the
     Board on an annual basis. For the Reporting Period, the Board was of the view that such policy remained
     adequate and effective in that: (a) such policy has provided multiple channels of communications to cater
     for different preferences of the Shareholders or stakeholders, including the Company’s official website to
     disseminate the latest information about the Group (e.g. financial results and reports, announcements and
     circulars) to the Shareholders or stakeholders, correspondence and email addresses for them to communicate
     in writing, as well as telephone number and physical general meetings for them to communicate directly and
     verbally; (b) the Chairman and Board committees, company secretary and/or other professional advisers (if any)
     present at general meetings are available to answer questions raised by the Shareholders; and (c) designated
     officers (i.e. investor relations department and the company secretary) of the Company will be responsible for
     responding promptly to the enquiries or views from the Shareholders or stakeholders.
                                                                                          2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT           109
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

During the Reporting Period, the Bye-laws was amended:

1.    to provide that the notice period for annual general meetings and special general meetings shall be not
      less than 21 clear days and 14 clear days, respectively;

2.    to provide that any person appointed by the Directors to fill a casual vacancy on, or as an addition
      to, the Board shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting of the Company after his
      appointment, and shall then be eligible for re-election;

3.    to provide that the Shareholders, at any general meeting, shall have the power by ordinary resolution to
      remove a Director (including a managing or other executive Director) before the expiration of his period
      of office;

4.    to hold an AGM for each financial year and such AGM must be held within six months after the end of
      the Company’s financial year;

5.    to provide that all Shareholders shall have the right to (a) speak at a general meeting; and (b) (subject
      to any special rights or restrictions as to voting attached to any shares by or in accordance with the
      Bye-laws) vote at a general meeting except where a Shareholder is required by the Listing Rules, the
      applicable laws, rules, codes or regulations of any competent regulatory authority, to abstain from
      voting to approve the matter under consideration;

6.    to provide that the right for Shareholders to speak at an electronic meeting or a hybrid meeting shall
      include the right to raise questions or make statements to the chairman of the meeting, verbally or in
      written form, by means of electronic facilities;

7.    to provide that any one or more Shareholder(s) holding not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital
      of the Company shall have the right, by written requisition, to require a special general meeting to be
      called by the Board for the transaction of any business or resolution and add resolutions to the agenda
      to a general meeting;

8.    to provide that a Shareholder who is a clearing house is entitled to appoint proxies and corporate
      representatives to attend any meeting and has the rights equivalent to the rights of other Shareholders,
      including the right to speak and vote;

9.    to provide that the necessary quorum for general meetings (including adjourned meetings) to approve
      the variation of special rights attached to any Shares shall be two persons holding or representing by
      proxy not less than one-third in nominal value of the issued shares of that class;

10.   to provide that the appointment and remuneration of auditors shall be approved by a simple majority
      of the Shareholders and the removal of auditors at any time before the expiration of his term of office
      shall be approved by a majority of not less than two thirds of votes cast by the Shareholders;

11.   to provide that any notice or other document served or delivered by post shall be deemed to have been
      served or delivered on the day on which the envelope containing the same is put into the post;
110 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS (Continued)

     12.    to permit the signing of any resolutions in writing by the Directors, the members (or their alternates) of
            the committees of the Board by electronic signature and to provide flexibility to each of them to signify
            his agreement to, in place of signing, any resolutions in writing of the Board or a committee of the
            Board under certain specified procedures; and

     13.    to make other consequential and housekeeping changes.

     The new Bye-laws was approved and adopted by the Shareholders at the 2022 AGM. The consolidated version
     of the memorandum and association and the Bye-laws of the Company is available on the websites of the
     Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Further details of the new Bye-laws was disclosed in the circular
     of the Company dated July 27, 2022.


     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted the Dividend Policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the Company
     shall maintain adequate and sufficient cash reserves for meeting its working capital requirements and future
     growth as well as its shareholder value. The Board has the full discretion to declare and distribute dividends to
     the Shareholders, and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to Shareholders’ approval.

     In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall also take into account, among other things, the Group’s
     financial results, financial position, cash flow situation, business conditions and strategies, expected future
     operations and earnings, capital requirements and expenditure plans, interests of the Shareholders, any
     restrictions on payment of dividends and any other factors the Board may consider relevant. Any payment of
     the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Act, the Bye-laws and all
     applicable laws and regulations.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ENHANCEMENT

     Enhancing corporate governance is not simply a matter of applying and complying with the CG Code of the
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange but about promoting and developing an ethical and healthy corporate culture.
     We will continue to review and, where appropriate, improve our current practices based on our experience,
     regulatory changes and developments. Any views and suggestions from our Shareholders to promote and
     improve our transparency are also welcome.
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT           111
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of Alibaba Pictures Group Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


OPINION

What we have audited

The consolidated financial statements of Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(together the “Group”), which are set out on pages 125 to 225, comprise:

•     the consolidated balance sheet as of 31 March 2023;

•     the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and
      other explanatory information.

Our opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as of 31 March 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
112 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     BASIS FOR OPINION

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
     HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for
     the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

     We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
     opinion.


     Independence

     We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
     Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
     not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

     Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

     •      Goodwill impairment assessment
     •      Impairment assessment of film and TV rights
     •      Impairment assessment of investments accounted for using the equity method
     •      Expected credit losses assessment of trade receivables
     •      Fair value measurement of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – unlisted investments
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT            113
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                       How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Goodwill impairment assessment

Refer to Note 4(a) to the consolidated financial       Our procedures on management’s goodwill impairment
statements – Critical accounting estimates and         assessment mainly included:
judgments and Note 15 – Goodwill and intangible
assets.                                                •     Assessed the inherent risk of material
                                                             misstatement by considering the degree of
As of March 31, 2023, the carrying amount of                 estimation uncertainty and level of other
the Group’s goodwill is amounted to RMB3,551                 inherent risk factors such as complexity,
million. The goodwill was allocated to several cash-         subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
generating units (“CGUs”).                                   management bias or fraud;

For the purpose of the annual impairment            •        Understood and evaluated the internal controls
assessment of goodwill, management determined                relating to management’s assessment on the
the recoverable amounts of all the Group’s goodwill          impairment of goodwill;
based on value in use (“VIU”), which is the present
value of the future cash flows expected to be       •        Evaluated the outcome of prior year
derived from the Group’s CGUs.                               assessment of goodwill impairment to assess
                                                             the effectiveness of management’s estimation
We focus on auditing the impairment of goodwill              process;
because the estimation of the recoverable amount
is subject to high degree of estimation uncertainty.   •     Assessed the competency, capability and
The inherent risk in relation to the impairment              objectivity of the independent external valuer
assessment of goodwill is considered significant             engaged by the Group for performing the
due to the subjectivity of significant assumptions           similar impairment assessment projects by
used including the long-term growth rate, the pre-           assessing its qualifications, relevant experience
tax discount rates, the forecasted revenue, gross            and relationship with the Group;
margin, gross merchandise value (“GMV”) and the
ratio of market promotion expenses to GMV, and         •     Tested the consistency and reasonableness of
the significant amount of the related balance.               the data used and challenged management’s
                                                             key assumptions adopted in the future cash flow
                                                             forecasts, mainly in relation to:

                                                             –      the long-term growth rate, by comparing
                                                                    them with the relevant economic and
                                                                    industry forecasts, including certain
                                                                    forecasts sourced from external parties;

                                                             –      the pre-tax discount rates, by comparing
                                                                    them with costs of capital of comparable
                                                                    companies; and

                                                             –      the forecasted revenue, gross margin,
                                                                    GMV and the ratio of market promotion
                                                                    expenses to GMV, by comparing them
                                                                    with actual historical financial data of
                                                                    these CGUs. For the growth rate of GMV
                                                                    and the forecasted revenue, we also
                                                                    compared to future market growth rate
                                                                    as forecasted and sourced from external
                                                                    parties.
114 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Key Audit Matter                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

     Goodwill impairment assessment (Continued)

                                                  •     Involved our internal valuation expert in
                                                        assessing the appropriateness of certain
                                                        significant assumptions used and the valuation
                                                        methodology used;

                                                  •     Tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                        calculations of the recoverable amounts of these
                                                        CGUs;

                                                  •     Evaluated management’s sensitivity calculation
                                                        over the recoverable amounts of these CGUs.
                                                        Focusing on those few key assumptions to
                                                        which the calculation was most sensitive, we
                                                        calculated the degree to which each of these
                                                        key assumptions would need to change before
                                                        an impairment conclusion was triggered and
                                                        discussed the likelihood of such a movement
                                                        with management; and

                                                  •     Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related
                                                        to goodwill impairment assessment in the
                                                        context of HKFRSs.

                                                  Based on the above, we considered that the significant
                                                  judgments and estimates made by management were
                                                  supportable by the evidence obtained and procedures
                                                  performed.
                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT             115
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Impairment assessment of film and TV rights

Refer to Note 4(b) to the consolidated financial     Regarding management’s estimated future net cash
statements – Critical accounting estimates and       inflows for impairment assessment of the film and TV
judgments and Note 19 – Film and TV rights and       rights, we performed the following procedures:
investments.
                                                     •     Assessed the inherent risk of material
As of March 31, 2023, the net book value of the            misstatement by considering the degree of
Group’s film and TV rights amounted to RMB1,791            estimation uncertainty and level of other
million. An impairment loss of RMB58 million was           inherent risk factors such as complexity,
recognized during the year ended March 31, 2023.           subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
                                                           management bias or fraud;
Management exercised significant judgment in
assessing the impairment of film and TV rights. In    •    Understood and evaluated the design and
making such assessment, management considered              operating effectiveness of the internal controls
all factors that may affect the future production          over the impairment assessment of film and TV
plans and distribution plans, and exercised judgment       rights;
in developing its expectation for the future net cash
flows from these film and TV rights.                  •    Evaluated the historical accuracy of impairment
                                                           assessment of film and TV copyrights to assess
We focus on auditing the impairment of film and            the effectiveness of management’s estimation
TV rights because the estimation of the recoverable        process by comparing the carrying amount in
amount is subject to high degree of estimation             the prior period against the respective actual
uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to the          performance during the year, if any;
impairment assessment of film and TV rights is
considered significant due to the subjectivity of    •     For film and TV rights which production has
significant assumptions used including the estimated       yet to be completed, we performed specific
revenue, the distribution costs and other cost             procedures, on a sample basis by:
information, and the significant amount of the
related balance.                                           –      examining the purchase contracts to
                                                                  check the validity of the purchased
                                                                  copyrights, discussed with the
                                                                  management to understand their future
                                                                  production plans and distribution
                                                                  plans and examined related production
                                                                  contracts, if any, to corroborate with
                                                                  these plans, which are the basis of future
                                                                  cash flow projections; and

                                                           –      inquiring with management about
                                                                  the major crew members and their
                                                                  background, experience and profile,
                                                                  and performed relevant search through
                                                                  external sources on media coverage on
                                                                  the related popularity of the original
                                                                  creators of the copyrights and the
                                                                  contents and topics of the film/TV
                                                                  dramas in production to corroborate
                                                                  with management’s production and
                                                                  distribution plans.
116 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Key Audit Matter                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

     Impairment assessment of film and TV rights
     (Continued)

                                                   •     For film and TV rights which production has
                                                         been completed, we checked the existence
                                                         of the distribution licenses for screening of
                                                         the films and broadcasting of the TV dramas
                                                         through public and official website of the
                                                         National Radio and Television Administration;

                                                   •     Discussed with management to understand the
                                                         basis of the estimated cash flow projections;

                                                   •     Evaluated the reasonableness of the estimated
                                                         revenue, the distribution costs and other cost
                                                         information prepared by management on a
                                                         sample basis by:

                                                         –      examining the signed sales contracts of
                                                                film and TV dramas, if any; and

                                                         –      comparing the estimated box office, the
                                                                budgeted distribution and other costs of
                                                                films or sales information of TV dramas
                                                                with historical data of comparable films
                                                                or TV dramas invested by the Group.

                                                   •     Tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                         calculations of the estimated future net cash
                                                         flows of films and TV rights on a sample basis;
                                                         and

                                                   •     Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related
                                                         to film and TV rights impairment assessment in
                                                         the context of HKFRSs.

                                                   Based on the above, we considered that the significant
                                                   judgments and estimates made by management were
                                                   supportable by the evidence obtained and procedures
                                                   performed.
                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT            117
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Impairment assessment of investments
accounted for using the equity method

Refer to Note 4(c) to the consolidated financial Our procedures on the impairment assessment of the
statements – Critical accounting estimates and   investments accounted for using the equity method
                         –
judgments and Note 13 Investments accounted for mainly included:
using the equity method.
                                                 •      Assessed the inherent risk of material
As of March 31, 2023, the net book value of the         misstatement by considering the degree of
Group’s investments accounted for using the             estimation uncertainty and level of other
equity method amounted to RMB1,827 million. An          inherent risk factors such as complexity,
impairment loss of RMB128 million was recognized        subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
during the year ended March 31, 2023.                   management bias or fraud;

Investments accounted for using the equity method     •    Understood and evaluated the design and
were subject to impairment assessment when there           operating effectiveness of the internal controls
was an indication of impairment. In carrying out           over assessing the impairment of investments
the impairment assessment, significant judgments           accounted for using the equity method;
were required to estimate the recoverable amounts,
which was the higher of its fair value less costs     •    Evaluated the outcome of prior year impairment
of disposals and its VIU. These judgments were             assessment of investments accounted for using
exercised in making the assumptions, such as the           the equity method to assess the effectiveness of
long-term growth rate, the pre-tax discount rates,         management’s estimation process;
the forecasted revenue, gross margin, working
capital turnover rates, the IPO probability and the   •    Involved our internal valuation expert in
expected volatility.                                       assessing the appropriateness of certain
                                                           significant assumptions used and the valuation
We focus on auditing the impairment assessment of          methodology used;
investments accounted for using the equity method
because the estimation of the recoverable amount      •    Evaluated the reasonableness of the key
is subject to high degree of estimation uncertainty.       assumptions used by management in the
The inherent risk in relation to the impairment            determination of recoverable amounts of
assessment of investments accounted for using the          investments, mainly in relation to the long-term
equity method is considered significant due to the         growth rate, by comparing it with the relevant
subjectivity of significant assumptions used, and the      economic forecasts; the pre-tax discount rates,
significant amount of the related balance.                 by comparing the rates used by the Group to
                                                           those of comparable companies; the forecasted
                                                           revenue, gross margin and working capital
                                                           turnover rates, by comparing them with actual
                                                           historical financial data and market data; the
                                                           IPO probability, by checking the consistency
                                                           with the management understandings
                                                           regarding the current business development
                                                           of the investees and their IPO plans; and the
                                                           expected volatility, by comparing the underlying
                                                           volatilities to those of comparable companies;
118 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Key Audit Matter                        How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

     Impairment assessment of investments
     accounted for using the equity method
     (Continued)

                                             •     Tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                   calculations in the recoverable amounts of the
                                                   investments; and

                                             •     Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related
                                                   to impairment assessment of investments
                                                   accounted for using the equity method in the
                                                   context of HKFRSs.

                                             Based on the above, we considered that the significant
                                             judgments and estimates made by management were
                                             supportable by the evidence obtained and procedures
                                             performed.
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             119
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                       How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Expected credit losses assessment of trade
receivables

Refer to Note 4(d) to the consolidated financial       Our procedures in relation to management’s
statements – Critical accounting estimates             assessment on the expected credit losses of trade
and judgments and Note 21 – Trade and other            receivables mainly include:
receivables, and prepayments.
                                                       •     Assessed the inherent risk of material
As of March 31, 2023, the net book value of the              misstatement by considering the degree of
Group’s trade receivables amounted to RMB1,454               estimation uncertainty and level of other
million. Net reversal of loss allowances of RMB33            inherent risk factors such as complexity,
million were recognized during the year ended                subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
March 31, 2023.                                              management bias or fraud;

Allowance for impairment of trade receivables          •     Understood and evaluated the design and
reflected management’s best estimate to determine            operating effectiveness of the internal control
the expected credit losses. The estimate required            over assessing the expected credit losses of
significant management judgment in making                    trade receivables;
assumptions about the risks and probabilities of
defaults and the expected credit loss rates, which     •     Evaluated the outcome of prior period
were based on historical credit losses and adjusted          assessment of provision for loss allowances of
to reflect current and forward-looking information.          trade receivables to assess the effectiveness of
For trade receivables that do not share same risk            management’s estimation process by comparing
characteristics with others, management assessed             the expected credit losses in the prior year to
their expected credit losses on an individual                the actual collection performance of debtors in
basis. For trade receivables that share same risk            the current year;
characteristics with others, management calculated
the expected credit losses using the roll rate         •     Assessed the reasonableness of methods
model. The model first grouped the customers                 and assumptions used and judgments
based on their different risk characteristics, and           made by management by (1) assessing the
then recalculated their respective historical credit         appropriateness of the expected credit loss
loss information. The model further incorporated             provisioning methodology, (2) inquiring
economic policies, macroeconomic conditions,                 management regarding the credit worthiness of
industry risks and forward-looking adjustments to            the customers, on a sample basis, (3) analyzing
reflect management’s forecasts of macroeconomic              historical payment pattern of customers, on a
factors in different scenarios as this affects the           sample basis, (4) checking the accuracy, on a
customers’ ability to settle the receivables.                sample basis, of the key data inputs such as the
                                                             aging schedule of trade receivables, (5) testing
We focus on auditing the expected credit losses              the accuracy of the calculations of expected
assessment of trade receivables because the                  credit loss rates based on the historical loss and
estimation of the recoverable amount of trade                forward-looking information, and (6) evaluating
receivables is subject to high degree of estimation          the reasonableness of the forward-looking
uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to                adjustments made by management;
the expected credit losses assessment of trade
receivables is considered significant due to the    •        Tested the mathematical accuracy of the
complexity of the model, and the significant amount          calculation of the expected credit losses; and
of the related balance.
                                                    •        We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures
                                                             related to expected credit losses assessment of
                                                             trade receivables in the context of HKFRSs.

                                                       Based on the above, we considered that the significant
                                                       judgments and estimates made by management were
                                                       supportable by the evidence obtained and procedures
                                                       performed.
120 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Key Audit Matter                                       How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
     Fair value measurement of financial assets
     at fair value through profit or loss – unlisted
     investments

     Refer to Note 4(e) to the consolidated financial       Our procedures on the fair value measurement of
     statements – Critical accounting estimates and         financial assets at fair value through profit or loss –
     judgments and Note 3.3 – fair value estimation.        unlisted investments mainly include:

     As of March 31, 2023, the net book value of the       •       Assessed the inherent risk of material
     Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit         misstatement by considering the degree of
     or loss – unlisted investments amounted to RMB701             estimation uncertainty and level of other
     million. A fair value loss of RMB239 million was              inherent risk factors such as complexity,
     recognized during the year ended March 31, 2023.              subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
                                                                   management bias or fraud;
     The unlisted investments were measured
     based on significant unobservable inputs and           •      Understood and evaluated the design and
     classified as “Level 3 financial instruments”.                operating effectiveness of the internal controls
     Management engaged an external valuer to assist               over assessing the fair value measurement of
     to determine the fair value of certain of these               financial assets at fair value through profit or
     unlisted investments, based on the risk profile               loss – unlisted investments;
     and significance of individual investment. The fair
     value determination of such investments required       •      Assessed the competency, capability and
     management to make judgments and estimates,                   objectivity of the independent external valuer
     including the forecasted revenues, the discount               engaged by the Group for performing the fair
     rates, the IPO probability, the expected volatility,          value valuation of the unlisted investments by
     etc.                                                          assessing its qualifications, relevant experience
                                                                   and relationship with the Group;
     We focus on auditing the fair value measurement of
     financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – •     Involved our internal valuation expert to discuss
     unlisted investments because the estimation of the            with management and the valuer and assess the
     fair value is subject to high degree of estimation            appropriateness of valuation methodology and
     uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to the fair        certain assumptions used;
     value assessment is considered significant due to
     subjectivity of significant assumptions used, and the •       Test the valuation of the unlisted investments
     significant amount of the related balance.                    as of March 31, 2023 by evaluating the
                                                                   reasonableness of the underlying assumptions,
                                                                   mainly in relation to the forecasted revenues,
                                                                   by comparing them with actual historical
                                                                   financial data and the future market growth
                                                                   rate as forecasted and sourced from external
                                                                   parties, if applicable; the discount rates, by
                                                                   comparing the rates used by the Group to
                                                                   those of comparable companies; the IPO
                                                                   probability, by checking the consistency with
                                                                   the management understandings regarding the
                                                                   current business development of the investees
                                                                   and their IPO plans; and the expected volatility,
                                                                   by comparing the underlying volatilities to those
                                                                   of comparable companies;
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT            121
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

 Key Audit Matter                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Fair value measurement of financial assets
 at fair value through profit or loss – unlisted
 investments (Continued)

                                                       •      Tested the accuracy of mathematical calculation
                                                              applied in the valuation models;

                                                       •      Tested the accuracy of the mathematical
                                                              calculation of the fair value changes on the
                                                              unlisted investments for the year; and

                                                       •      Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related
                                                              to fair value measurement of financial assets
                                                              at fair value through profit or loss – unlisted
                                                              investments in the context of HKFRSs.

                                                       Based on the above, we considered that the significant
                                                       judgments and estimates made by management were
                                                       supportable by the evidence obtained and procedures
                                                       performed.


OTHER INFORMATION

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all
of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
122 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
     give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
     the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to
     enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
     due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
     ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
     the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
     operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
     whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
     that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of
     the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards
     or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level
     of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a
     material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
     if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
     users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                          2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT             123
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
      due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
      a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
      involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
      that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
      effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
      conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
      conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
      the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
      to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
      going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
      transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
      business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
      are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
      responsible for our audit opinion.
124 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

     We communicate with the audit committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
     of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
     identify during our audit.

     We also provide the audit committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
     may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
     threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the audit committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
     key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
     disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
     be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
     to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ng Ping Fai.




     PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong, May 31, 2023
                                                                                      2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT             125
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                  For the year ended
                                                                                       March 31,
                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                    Note          RMB’000          RMB’000

Revenue                                                               5          3,520,357        3,652,170
Cost of sales and services                                            8         (2,390,888)      (2,157,025)


Gross profit                                                                     1,129,469        1,495,145
Selling and marketing expenses                                        8           (348,666)        (564,571)
Administrative expenses                                               8           (768,440)        (925,474)
Reversal of impairment losses/(impairment losses) on
  financial assets, net                                            3.1(b)               56         (176,150)
Other income                                                         6              48,989          113,078
Other (losses)/gains, net                                            7            (282,380)         337,188


Operating (loss)/profit                                                           (220,972)         279,216

Finance income                                                       10            117,114           91,988
Finance expenses                                                     10             (8,403)         (12,703)
Finance income, net                                                                108,711           79,285
Share of loss of investments accounted for using the equity
   method                                                            13            (39,472)         (10,749)
Impairment of investments accounted for using the equity method      13           (127,589)        (218,850)


(Loss)/profit before income tax                                                   (279,322)         128,902
Income tax credit                                                    11                415           25,413


(Loss)/profit for the year                                                        (278,907)         154,315


(Loss)/profit attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                             (291,132)         169,853
Non-controlling interests                                                           12,225          (15,538)


(Loss)/earnings per share attributable to owners of
  the Company for the year
  (expressed in RMB cents per share)                                 12

– Basic                                                                               (1.09)             0.64
– Diluted                                                                             (1.09)             0.64


The above consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
126 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                        Note         RMB’000           RMB’000

     (Loss)/profit for the year                                                      (278,907)         154,315

     Other comprehensive loss:
     Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
     Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of an associate         13             (4,958)           1,393
     Currency translation differences attributable to owners of the
        Company                                                                       151,657          (79,691)
     Items that may not be reclassified to profit or loss
     Currency translation differences attributable to non-controlling
        interests                                                                       2,256           (8,312)


     Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                       148,955          (86,610)


     Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                  (129,952)          67,705


     Attributable to:
     – Owners of the Company                                                         (144,433)          91,555
     – Non-controlling interests                                                       14,481          (23,850)


     Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                  (129,952)          67,705


     The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
     accompanying notes.
                                                                    2022/23 年度報告
                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT         127
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                                  As of March 31,
                                                                   2023           2022
                                                        Note    RMB’000        RMB’000

Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                           14         17,517        23,352
Investment property                                     17         20,238        21,400
Goodwill                                                15      3,551,116     3,551,116
Intangible assets                                       15         99,750       113,676
Right-of-use assets                                     16        115,509       148,043
Deferred income tax assets                              28         14,003        13,401
Investments accounted for using the equity method       13      1,827,249     1,723,173
Film and TV rights and investments                      19        141,375       204,067
Bank deposits with the maturity over one year           23        300,880             –
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   18        760,321     1,317,685
Trade and other receivables, and prepayments            21        222,111       598,989


                                                                7,070,069     7,714,902


Current assets
Inventories                                             22         38,744        17,831
Film and TV rights and investments                      19      1,834,661     1,740,729
Trade and other receivables, and prepayments            21      2,706,499     2,546,345
Cash and cash equivalents                               23      3,919,526     3,538,214
Restricted cash                                         23          2,139        18,677


                                                                8,501,569     7,861,796


Total assets                                                   15,571,638    15,576,698


Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Deferred income tax liabilities                         28        48,373         49,302
Lease liabilities                                       16       118,566        137,231


                                                                 166,939        186,533
128 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                                                          As of March 31,
                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                Note    RMB’000          RMB’000

     Current liabilities
     Trade and other payables, and accrued charges                               27     1,083,571       1,119,921
     Contract liabilities                                                         5       170,405         186,345
     Current tax liabilities                                                                  261             883
     Borrowings                                                                                 –           9,375
     Lease liabilities                                                           16       27,201           30,639
     Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                           13,050                –


                                                                                        1,294,488       1,347,163


     Total liabilities                                                                  1,461,427       1,533,696


     Equity
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                                               24     5,452,976       5,452,976
     Reserves                                                                    26     8,616,859       8,564,131


                                                                                       14,069,835      14,017,107
     Non-controlling interests                                                             40,376          25,895


     Total equity                                                                      14,110,211      14,043,002


     Total equity and liabilities                                                      15,571,638      15,576,698


     The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

     The financial statements on pages 125 to 225 were approved by the Board of Directors on May 31, 2023 and
     were signed on its behalf by:

     Fan Luyuan                                                   Meng Jun
     Executive Director & Chairman                                Executive Director
                                                                                                                                              2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT                             129
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                           Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                           Shares held
                                                             for share               Shareholder’s            Share-based                                         Non-
                                        Share        Share      award          Other contribution Translation compensation Accumulated                      controlling
                                       capital    premium      scheme        reserve      reserve     reserve      reserve       losses           Total       interests       Total
                              Note    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

For the year ended March
  31, 2022
As of April 1, 2021                  5,424,523   13,371,892    (264,317)   (1,071,288)      48,527      (170,587)   321,788     (3,874,217)   13,786,321        51,617    13,837,938

Profit for the year                          –            –           –             –            –             –           –      169,853       169,853        (15,538)     154,315
Other comprehensive loss
  for the year                               –            –           –             –            –       (78,298)          –             –       (78,298)       (8,312)      (86,610)


Total comprehensive income for
   the year                                  –            –           –             –            –       (78,298)          –      169,853        91,555        (23,850)      67,705
Share of other reserves of
   investments accounted for
   using the equity method      13           –            –           –          268             –             –           –             –          268              –          268
Exercise of share options under
   share option scheme          24        382         1,973           –             –            –             –        (794)            –         1,561             –         1,561
Issuance of shares under share
   award scheme                        28,071       49,406      (77,477)            –            –             –           –             –             –             –             –
Shares purchased for share
   award scheme                              –            –      (9,489)            –            –             –           –             –        (9,489)            –        (9,489)
Shares vested under share
   award scheme                              –            –    117,526              –            –             –    (117,526)            –             –             –             –
Value of employee services
   provided under share option
   scheme and share award
   scheme                       25           –            –           –             –            –             –    146,891              –      146,891              –      146,891
Dividends paid to non-
   controlling interests                     –            –           –             –            –             –           –             –             –        (1,872)       (1,872)


As of March 31, 2022                 5,452,976   13,423,271    (233,757)   (1,071,020)      48,527      (248,885)   350,359     (3,704,364)   14,017,107        25,895    14,043,002
130 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                     Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                     Shares held
                                                                       for share               Shareholder’s            Share-based                                      Non-
                                                 Share         Share      award          Other contribution Translation compensation Accumulated                   controlling
                                                capital     premium      scheme        reserve      reserve     reserve     reserve        losses        Total       interests      Total
                                        Note   RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

     For the year ended March
       31, 2023
     As of April 1, 2022                       5,452,976   13,423,271    (233,757)   (1,071,020)      48,527      (248,885)   350,359    (3,704,364) 14,017,107        25,895    14,043,002

     Loss for the year                                 –            –           –             –            –             –          –     (291,132)    (291,132)       12,225      (278,907)
     Other comprehensive income
       for the year                                    –            –           –             –            –       146,699          –            –      146,699         2,256      148,955


     Total comprehensive loss for
       the year                                        –            –           –             –            –       146,699          –     (291,132)    (144,433)       14,481      (129,952)
     Share of other reserves of
       investments accounted for
       using the equity method          13             –            –           –        1,481             –             –          –            –        1,481             –         1,481
     Shares purchased for share
       award scheme                                    –            –      (4,473)            –            –             –          –            –       (4,473)            –        (4,473)
     Shares vested under share
       award scheme                                    –            –     29,339              –            –             –    (29,339)           –            –             –             –
     Value of employee services
       provided under share option
       scheme and share award
       scheme                           25             –            –           –             –            –             –    136,385            –      136,385             –      136,385
     Value of employee services
       provided in relation to share-
       based payment transactions
       with ultimate parent             25             –            –           –             –            –             –     67,818            –       67,818             –       67,818
     Value of share-based
       compensation allocated to
       ultimate parent                  25             –            –           –       (10,216)           –             –     10,216            –            –             –             –
     Settlement of share-based
       compensation cost with
       ultimate parent                                 –            –           –        (4,050)           –             –          –            –       (4,050)            –        (4,050)


     As of March 31, 2023                      5,452,976   13,423,271    (208,891)   (1,083,805)      48,527      (102,186)   535,439    (3,995,496) 14,069,835        40,376    14,110,211


     The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
     notes.
                                                                                    2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT           131
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                 For the year ended
                                                                                      March 31,
                                                                                   2023            2022
                                                                       Note     RMB’000         RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                     30(a)     582,102        (509,330)
Income tax (paid)/refund                                                          (1,738)         11,696


Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities                              580,364        (497,634)

Cash flows from investing activities:
Principal received on investments in structured deposits                       1,200,000               –
Interest received                                                                109,566         72,113
Amount received in relation to the restructuring of an associate                  38,883              –
Principal received on investments in wealth management
   products                                                                       13,500         15,000
Investment interest received on structured deposits                                8,700              –
Proceeds from derecognition of unlisted investments                                2,053           9,349
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                            1,354           3,797
Investment interest received on investments in wealth
   management products                                                                63             75
Proceeds from disposal of an associate                                                 –        138,744
Dividends from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   –         59,890
Net cash outflow from disposal of subsidiaries                                         –           (166)
Purchases of structured deposits                                               (1,200,000)            –
Payment for bank deposits with the maturity over one year                        (300,000)            –
Loans granted to third parties                                                    (79,170)            –
Purchases of wealth management products                                           (13,500)        (8,000)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and investment
   property                                                                        (9,573)       (15,362)
Payment of acquisition of a subsidiary                                             (3,000)        (3,000)
Capital injection in equity investments                                            (1,375)        (9,250)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                        (285)        (1,173)


Net cash (outflow)/inflow from investing activities                             (232,784)       262,017
132 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                           March 31,
                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                        Note          RMB’000          RMB’000

     Cash flows from financing activities:
     Exercise of share options under share option scheme                                      –           1,561
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                              –          (1,872)
     Principal and interests elements of lease payments                                (31,950)         (48,886)
     Repayment of borrowings                                                            (9,375)         (20,625)
     Shares purchased for share award scheme                                            (4,473)          (9,489)
     Payment of share-based compensation cost with ultimate parent                      (2,508)               –
     Interest paid                                                                         (15)          (1,150)


     Net cash outflow from financing activities                                        (48,321)        (80,461)
     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                              299,259        (316,078)
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                              3,538,214       3,897,802
     Exchange effect on cash and cash equivalents                                       82,053         (43,510)


     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                    3,919,526       3,538,214


     The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT            133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”, each, a
    “Group Entity”) form an integrated platform with content and technology as the core, covering content
    production, promotion and distribution, IP merchandising licensing and commercial management,
    cinema ticketing management and Internet data services for the entertainment industry.

    The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The address of its registered office
    is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton, Pembroke, HM 11, Bermuda.

    The shares of the Company are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
    Exchange”). As of March 31, 2023, the Company is approximately 50.0007% owned by Ali CV
    Investment Holding Limited (“Ali CV”). Ali CV is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Investment
    Limited (“AIL”) which is in turn wholly-owned by Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”).

    These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.


2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements
    are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless
    otherwise stated.


    2.1    Basis of preparation

           The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with
           all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
           Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and requirements of the Hong Kong
           Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
           under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of certain financial assets
           which are carried at fair value.

           The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain
           critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process
           of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment
           or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated
           financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.
134 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

               (a)   New and amended standards adopted by the Group

                     The Group has adopted the following new standards, amendments to standards and
                     interpretations which are mandatory for the financial year beginning on April 1, 2022:

                     •      Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use – Amendments to
                            HKAS 16

                     •      Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract – Amendments to HKAS 37

                     •      Annual Improvements to HKFRS Standards 2018–2020

                     •      Reference to the Conceptual Framework – Amendments to HKFRS 3, and

                     •      Amendments to AG 5 Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations

                     The amendments listed above did not have any significant impact on the amounts
                     recognized in prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or
                     future periods.

               (b)   New standards and amendments not yet adopted

                     Certain new accounting standards, amendments to accounting standards and
                     interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for March 31, 2023 reporting
                     periods and have not been early adopted by the Group. These standards, amendments or
                     interpretations are not expected to have a material impact on the entity in the current or
                     future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.


         2.2   Subsidiaries

               2.2.1 Consolidation

                     Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has
                     control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights
                     to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
                     those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are
                     consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are
                     deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                     Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between group
                     companies are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                     provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. When necessary, amounts
                     reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with the Group’s accounting
                     policies.
                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT             135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Subsidiaries (Continued)

          2.2.1 Consolidation (Continued)

                Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately
                in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive income,
                statement of changes in equity and balance sheet respectively.

                (a)    Control over subsidiaries arising from contractual arrangements

                       The Group’s wholly-owned subsidiaries have entered into certain contractual
                       arrangements (the “Contractual Arrangements”) with 中聯京華文化傳播(北京)有限
                       公司 (“Zhonglian Jinghua”), 北京阿里淘影視文化有限公司 (“Beijing Ali Tao”) and
                       上海淘票票影視文化有限公司 (“Shanghai Tao Piao Piao”), (together, Zhonglian
                       Jinghua, Beijing Ali Tao and Shanghai Tao Piao Piao are referred to as the
                       “OPCOs”) respectively, and their equity holders, which enable the Group to:

                       –      exercise effective financial and operational control over the OPCOs;

                       –      exercise equity holders’ voting rights of the OPCOs;

                       –      receive substantially all of the economic interest returns generated by the
                              OPCOs.

                       The Group does not have any equity interest in the OPCOs. However, as a result
                       of the Contractual Arrangements, the Group has rights to receive variable returns
                       from its involvement with the OPCOs and has the ability to affect those returns
                       through its power over the OPCOs and is considered to control the OPCOs.
                       Consequently, the Company regards the OPCOs as indirect subsidiaries under
                       HKFRS 10. The Group has consolidated the financial position and results of the
                       OPCOs in the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

                       Nevertheless, the Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective as direct
                       legal ownership in providing the Group with direct control over the OPCOs and
                       uncertainties presented by the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) legal system
                       could impede the Group’s beneficiary rights of the results, assets and liabilities of
                       the OPCOs. The Directors of the Company, based on the advice of its legal counsel,
                       consider that the Contractual Arrangements are in compliance with the relevant
                       PRC laws and regulations and are legally binding and enforceable.
136 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.2   Subsidiaries (Continued)

               2.2.1 Consolidation (Continued)

                     (b)   Business combinations

                           The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business
                           combinations, regardless of whether equity instruments or other assets are
                           acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                           comprises the:

                           •      fair values of the assets transferred,

                           •      liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business,

                           •      equity interests issued by the Group,

                           •      fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration
                                  arrangement, and

                           •      fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

                           Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a
                           business combination are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair
                           values at the acquisition date. The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest
                           in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or
                           at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net
                           identifiable assets.

                           Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                           The excess of the:

                           •      consideration transferred,

                           •      amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

                           •      acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired
                                  entity

                           over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If
                           those amounts are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired,
                           the difference is recognized directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT             137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2   Subsidiaries (Continued)

          2.2.1 Consolidation (Continued)

                (b)    Business combinations (Continued)

                       Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts
                       payable in the future are discounted to their present value as of the date of
                       exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being
                       the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent
                       financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration is
                       classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial
                       liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value
                       recognized in profit or loss.

                       If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying
                       value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-
                       measured to fair value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such
                       re-measurement are recognized in profit or loss.

          2.2.2 Separate financial statements

                Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct
                attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the
                Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a
                dividend from these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income
                of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the
                investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the
                consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


    2.3   Associates and joint arrangements

          (a)   Associates

                An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence but not control,
                generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.
                Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting (see
                (c) below), after initially being recognized at cost.
138 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.3   Associates and joint arrangements (Continued)

               (b)   Joint arrangements

                     Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, investments in joint arrangements are classified as
                     either joint operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual
                     rights and obligations of each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint
                     arrangement. The Group has assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and
                     determined them to be joint ventures. Joint ventures are accounted for using the equity
                     method (see (c) below), after initially being recognized at cost.

               (c)   Equity method

                     Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognized at cost
                     and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits
                     or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other
                     comprehensive income of the investee in other comprehensive income (“OCI”). Dividends
                     received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are recognized as a reduction in
                     the carrying amount of the investment.

                     When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds
                     its interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group
                     does not recognize further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on
                     behalf of the other entity.

                     The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in
                     accordance with the policy described in Note 2.9.

                     Gains or losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognized in the
                     consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                     Unrealized gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures
                     are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealized losses are
                     also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset
                     transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where
                     necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT              139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.3   Associates and joint arrangements (Continued)

          (d)   Changes in ownership interests

                When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a
                loss of control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is
                remeasured to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognized in profit or
                loss. This fair value becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently
                accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In
                addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in respect
                of that entity are accounted for as if the group had directly disposed of the related assets
                or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive
                income are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as
                specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.


    2.4   Segment reporting

          Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to
          the chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for
          allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified
          as the Board of Directors of the Company that makes strategic decisions.


    2.5   Foreign currency translation

          (a)   Functional and presentation currency

                Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured
                using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates
                (the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB,
                which is the Company’s functional currency and the Group’s presentation currency.

          (b)   Transactions and balances

                Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the
                exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are
                re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
                transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and
                liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in the consolidated statement
                of profit or loss, except when deferred in equity as qualifying cash flow hedges and
                qualifying net investment hedges.

                Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit
                or loss within ‘finance income’ or ‘finance expenses’.
140 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.5   Foreign currency translation (Continued)

               (c)    Group companies

                      The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency
                      of a hyper-inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the
                      presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                      (i)     Assets and liabilities for each financial statements presented are translated at the
                              closing rate at the date of that financial statements;

                      (ii)    income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss are translated at average
                              exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the
                              cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case
                              income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the transactions);
                              and

                      (iii)   all resulting currency translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive
                              income.

                      On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment
                      in foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as
                      hedges of such investments, are recognized in other comprehensive income. When a
                      foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid,
                      the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or
                      loss on sale.

                      Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are
                      treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.
                      Currency translation differences arising are recognized in other comprehensive income.


         2.6   Property, plant and equipment

               Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost
               includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

               Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset,
               as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item
               will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount
               of the replaced part is derecognized. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the
               consolidated statement of profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT             141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.6   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

          Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to
          allocate their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

          –      Leasehold improvements                     Shorter of remaining lease term or useful life
          –      Motor vehicles                             4 years
          –      Furniture, fittings and equipment          3–5 years

          The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end
          of each reporting period.

          An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
          carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.9).

          Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying
          amount and are recognized within ‘other gains/(losses), net’ in the consolidated statement of
          profit or loss.


    2.7   Investment property

          Investment property, a serviced apartment, is held for long-term rental yields. Investment
          property is initially measured at cost, including related transaction costs. Depreciation on
          investment property is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost to residual
          values over 20 years.


    2.8   Intangible assets

          (a)    Goodwill

                 Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the
                 consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and
                 the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair
                 value of the identified net assets acquired.

                 For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is
                 allocated to each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is
                 expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to
                 which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the entity at which the
                 goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill is monitored at the
                 operating segment level.

                 Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or
                 changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of goodwill
                 is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use (“VIU”) and
                 the fair value less costs of disposal (“FVLCD”). Any impairment is recognized immediately
                 as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.
142 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.8   Intangible assets (Continued)

               (b)   Licences

                     Separately acquired licences are shown at historical cost. Licences acquired in a business
                     combination are recognized at fair value at the acquisition date.

                     Licences for production and distribution of television drama series, television programs
                     and films in the PRC have indefinite useful lives. The renewal of these licences are subject
                     to the approval of the relevant bureau. In the opinion of the Directors of the Company,
                     the renewal of these licences will continue to be approved with minimal costs and
                     accordingly, they are deemed to have indefinite lives. These intangible assets will not be
                     amortized until their useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead they will be tested
                     for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired
                     (Note 2.9).

                     Licences with a finite useful life are related to ticketing systems, which are carried at cost
                     less accumulated amortization. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line method
                     to allocate the cost of licences over their estimated useful lives of 15 years.

               (c)   Contractual customer relationships

                     Contractual customer relationships acquired in a business combination are recognized
                     at fair value at the acquisition date. The contractual customer relationships have a
                     finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is
                     calculated using the straight-line method over the expected life of 1 to 12 years.

               (d)   Other intangible assets

                     Separately acquired other intangible assets are shown at historical cost. Other intangible
                     assets acquired in a business combination are recognized at fair value at the acquisition
                     date.

                     Other intangible assets have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated
                     amortization. Amortization is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the
                     cost of intangible assets over their estimated useful lives of 3 to 11 years.
                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT           143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.9   Impairment of non-financial assets

          Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life, including goodwill and licences for
          production and distribution of television drama series, television programs and films and
          intangible assets that are not available for use, are not subject to amortization and are tested
          annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
          the carrying amount may be impaired. Assets that are subject to depreciation or amortization are
          reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
          amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the
          asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher
          of an asset’s FVLCD and VIU. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at
          the lowest levels of CGUs for which there are separately identifiable cash flows. Non-financial
          assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the
          impairment at each reporting date.


    2.10 Financial assets

          Classification

          The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

          •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive
                 income, or through profit or loss), and

          •      those to be measured at amortized cost.

          The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and
          the contractual terms of the cash flows.

          For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or
          other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading,
          this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial
          recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive
          income (“FVOCI”).

          The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
          those assets changes.
144 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.10 Financial assets (Continued)

              Recognition and derecognition

              Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on the trade date, the date on
              which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when
              the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred
              and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

              Measurement

              At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
              financial asset not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of
              the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in profit or
              loss.

              Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
              whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

              Debts instruments

              Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
              managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement
              categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

              •      Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those
                     cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized
                     cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income or other
                     income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition
                     is recognized directly in profit or loss and presented in ‘other gains/(losses), net’.
                     Impairment losses are presented as a separate line item in the consolidated statement of
                     profit or loss.

              •      FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                     financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal
                     and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken
                     through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest revenue
                     and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognized in profit or loss. When the
                     financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI
                     is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognized in ‘other gains/(losses),net’.
                     Interest income from these financial assets is included in other income using the effective
                     interest rate method. Impairment expenses are presented as a separate line item in the
                     consolidated statement of profit or loss.

              •      FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost or FVOCI are measured
                     at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL
                     is recognized in profit or loss and presented net within ‘other gains/(losses), net’ in the
                     period in which it arises.
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT              145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.10 Financial assets (Continued)

         Equity instruments

         The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
         management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI,
         there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
         derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognized in
         profit or loss as ‘other income’ when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

         Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognized in ‘other gains/(losses), net’
         in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of
         impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from
         other changes in fair value.

         Impairment

         The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt
         instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends
         on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

         For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
         requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the receivables.


    2.11 Offsetting financial instruments

         Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet when
         there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention
         to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally
         enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the
         normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company
         or the counterparty.


    2.12 Inventories

         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined using the
         weighted average method. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after deducting rebates
         and discounts. It excludes borrowing costs. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in
         the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs
         necessary to make the sale.
146 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.13 Film and TV rights and investments

              (a)   Film and TV rights

                    These represent legal rights of films, television programs and television drama series
                    acquired and invested by the Group. Costs of film and TV rights comprise fees/
                    investments paid and payable under agreements, direct costs/expenses incurred during
                    the production of films and TVs, and fees for the reproduction films and TVs. Depending
                    on the expected use of these rights, they are treated either as intangible assets or
                    inventory.

                    For the film and TV rights treated as intangible assets, they are stated at cost less
                    accumulated amortization and impairment loss. Amortization is calculated using the
                    straight-line method to allocate the cost of film and TV rights over their estimated useful
                    lives which are determined based on individual title basis and generally ranged from
                    within 1 to 3 years after the showing of the respective films, or the delivery of master
                    tapes of the respective TVs. Impairment assessment of the film and TV rights is assessed
                    on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
                    carrying amount is below the recoverable amount; where relevant, an impairment
                    loss is recognized to reduce the asset to its recoverable amount. Such impairment loss
                    is recognized as cost of sales and services in the consolidated statement of profit or
                    loss. The recoverable amounts of the film and TV rights are determined and reviewed
                    on a title-by-title basis and are based on the higher of FVLCD and VIU which include
                    unobservable inputs and assumptions derived by the Group.

                    For the film and TV rights treated as inventory, they are stated at the lower of cost and
                    net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
                    course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses. An impairment loss is
                    recognized as cost of sales and services in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for
                    the amount by which cost exceeds its net realizable value.

              (b)   Film and TV investments

                    The Group has certain investments in film and TV production projects which entitles
                    the Group to receive a fixed and/or variable income based on the Group’s investment
                    amount and expected rate of return as specified in the respective film and TV investment
                    agreements. The investments are carried at amortized cost if their cash flows represent
                    solely payments of principal and interest. All other investments that are not solely
                    payments of principal and interest are carried at fair value and included in ‘film and TV
                    rights and investments’ in the consolidated balance sheet.
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT              147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.14 Film deposits

         Film deposits comprise deposits paid for the acquisition of film and TV rights and deposits paid
         to production houses and/or directors prior to the production of films which are included in
         ‘trade and other receivables, and prepayments’ in the consolidated balance sheet. Impairment
         loss for film deposits is made to the extent that the deposits are not expected to generate any
         future economic benefits to the Group.

         Prepaid film deposits under film cooperation agreements are transferred to film and TV rights
         upon commencement of production of the related films or TVs.


    2.15 Trade receivables

         Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in
         the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade receivables is expected within 1 year or less
         (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If
         not, they are presented as non-current assets.

         Trade receivables are recognized initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
         unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognized at fair value.
         The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows
         and therefore subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. See
         Note 21 for further information about the Group’s accounting for trade receivables and Note 3.1
         for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.


    2.16 Cash and cash equivalents

         Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short
         term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.


    2.17 Share capital and shares held for share award scheme

         Share capital is classified as equity.

         Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity
         as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

         Where the Company’s shares are issued to or acquired from the market by the Company’s
         share award trust (the “Share Award Trust”) under the share award scheme (the “Share Award
         Scheme”), the total fair value of shares issued or total consideration of shares acquired from
         the market (including any directly attributable incremental costs) is presented as ‘shares held
         for Share Award Scheme’ and deducted from total equity. Upon vesting, the related costs of
         the vested shares for share award scheme issued or purchased from the market are credited
         to ‘shares held for share award scheme’, with a corresponding decrease in share-based
         compensation reserve for the Share Award Scheme.
148 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.18 Trade payables

              Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the
              ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade payables are classified as current liabilities if
              payment is due within 1 year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer).
              If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

              Trade payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost
              using the effective interest method.


         2.19 Borrowings

              Borrowings are recognized initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
              subsequently carried at amortized cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
              costs) and the redemption value is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over
              the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

              Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction costs of the loan to
              the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the
              fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
              that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalized as a pre-payment for
              liquidity services and amortized over the period of the facility to which it relates.

              Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to
              defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.


         2.20 Borrowing costs

              General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
              production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of
              time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such
              time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

              Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
              expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

              All other borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are
              incurred.
                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT              149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.21 Current and deferred income tax

         The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred income tax. Tax is recognized
         in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
         recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case the tax is also
         recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

         (a)    Current income tax

                The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
                substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Group
                operates and generates taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions
                taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject
                to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts
                expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

         (b)    Deferred income tax

                Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary
                differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
                amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred income tax liabilities
                are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income
                tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using
                tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
                reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
                realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

                Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will
                be available to utilize those temporary differences and losses.

                Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognized for temporary differences between
                the carrying amount and tax bases of investments where the Group is able to control the
                timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences
                will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
150 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.21 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

              (c)   Offsetting

                    Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable
                    right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred tax
                    balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are
                    offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle
                    on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


         2.22 Employee benefits

              (a)   Pension obligations

                    A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed
                    contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to
                    pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees
                    the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods.

                    For defined contribution plans, the Group pays contributions to publicly administered
                    pension insurance plans on a mandatory basis. The Group has no further payment
                    obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognized as
                    employee benefit expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognized as an
                    asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.

              (b)   Termination benefits

                    Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group whenever
                    an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group
                    recognizes termination benefits as of the earlier of the following dates: (a) when the
                    Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the entity
                    recognizes costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves the
                    payment of termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                    redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees
                    expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of
                    the reporting period are discounted to their present value.

              (c)   Bonus plans

                    The Group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonuses, where contractually obliged
                    or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.
                                                                                    2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT              151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.23 Share-based payments

         Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

         (a)   Share Option Scheme

               The Group operates a number of equity-settled share-based compensation plans, under
               which the entity receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments
               (options) of the Group. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for
               the grant of the options is recognized as an expense. The total amount to be expensed is
               determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

               ■
                      including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

               ■
                      excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting
                      conditions (for example, profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an
                      employee of the entity over a specified time period); and

               ■
                      including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement
                      for employees to save or holdings shares for a specified period of time).

               Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about the
               number of options that are expected to vest. The total expense is recognized over the
               vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to
               be satisfied.

               At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of
               options that are expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service
               conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the
               consolidated statement of profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

               When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received
               net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal
               value) and share premium.

               Where the options are forfeited prior to the vesting date due to a failure by the employee
               to satisfy the service conditions, any expenses previously recognized in relation to such
               options are reversed on the effective date of the forfeiture. No further adjustments should
               be made after the vesting date, regardless of whether the options are forfeited later.
152 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.23 Share-based payments (Continued)

              Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (Continued)

              (b)    Share Award Scheme

                     The fair value of restricted share units granted to employees for nil consideration under
                     the Share Award Scheme is recognized as an expense over the relevant service period. The
                     fair value is measured at the grant date of the shares and is recognized in equity in the
                     share-based compensation reserve. The number of shares expected to vest is estimated
                     based on the non-market vesting conditions. The estimates are revised at the end of each
                     reporting period and adjustments are recognized in profit or loss and the share-based
                     compensation reserve.

                     Where shares are forfeited prior to the vesting date due to a failure by the employee
                     to satisfy the service conditions, any expenses previously recognized in relation to such
                     shares are reversed on the effective date of the forfeiture. No further adjustments should
                     be made after the vesting date, regardless of whether the shares are forfeited later.

                     The deferred shares are issued to or acquired by the Company’s Share Award Trust on
                     market and are held for the Share Award Scheme until such time as they are vested (see
                     Note 2.17).

                     The Share Award Scheme is administered by the Share Award Trust, which is consolidated
                     in accordance with the principles in Note 2.17. When the shares are exercised, the trust
                     transfers the appropriate number of shares to employees. The proceeds received net of
                     any directly attributable transaction costs are credited directly to equity.


         2.24 Provision

              Provisions are recognized when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a
              result of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the
              obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. Restructuring provisions comprise lease
              termination penalties and employee termination payments. Provisions are not recognized for
              future operating losses.

              Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required
              in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is
              recognized even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the
              same class of obligations may be small.

              Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to
              settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
              value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to
              passage of time is recognized as interest expense.
                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT              153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.25 Revenue recognition

         Revenue is measured when or as the control of the goods or services is transferred to a
         customer. Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract,
         control of the goods and services may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of
         the goods and services is transferred over time if the Group’s performance:

         •      provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer, or

         •      creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs, or

         •      does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
                enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

         If control of the goods and services transfers over time, revenue is recognized over the period
         of the contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance
         obligation. The Group uses the output methods to measure the progress towards that,
         recognizing revenue based on direct measurements of the value transferred to the customer.
         Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the
         goods and services.

         Contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements,
         the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative
         standalone selling price. The Group generally determines standalone selling prices based
         on prices charged to customers. If the standalone selling price is not directly observable, it
         is estimated using expected cost plus a margin or adjusted market assessment approach,
         depending on the availability of observable information. Assumptions and estimations have
         been made in estimating the relative selling price of each distinct performance obligation, and
         changes in judgments on these assumptions and estimates may impact the revenue recognition.

         If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
         unconditional, before the Group transfers a good or service to the customer, the Group presents
         the contract liability when the payment is made or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier).
         A contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
         the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due from the customer).
154 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.25 Revenue recognition (Continued)

              Accounting policies for the Group’s revenue sources

              The Group principally derives revenue from promotion and distribution, cinema ticketing
              management and data services, content production, IP licensing, sale of cinema admission
              tickets, artist management services, and sales of pop toys.

              (1)   Revenue from provision of services (including online movie ticketing related services,
                    distribution and promotion services, ticketing system related services, advertising services
                    and advisory services) is recognized in the accounting period in which the services are
                    rendered as the customer consumed the services simultaneously.

              (2)   Revenue from share of box office of film is recognized when the film is shown and the
                    right to receive payment is established.

              (3)   Revenue from the licensing and sub-licensing of film and TV rights is recognized upon
                    the delivery of the master tapes to the customers, in accordance with the terms of the
                    underlying contracts.

              (4)   Income from film and TV investments (see Note 2.13(b)) are recognized in profit or loss
                    when the right to receive payment is established.

              (5)   Revenue from the licensing and sub-licensing of IP is recognized when the license is used
                    by the customer and the right to receive payment is established.

              (6)   Revenue from cinema admission tickets sold is recognized when tickets are accepted and
                    consumed by the customer. Revenue from tickets sold for use at a future date is deferred
                    until the tickets are consumed or have expired.

              (7)   Revenue from provision of artist management services are recognized when the services
                    are rendered. Payments for artist management services are not due from the customers
                    until the services are completed.

              (8)   Revenue from sales of pop toys are recognized when the control of the product has
                    transferred to the customer, which is the point of acceptance by the customers.
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT             155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.26 Interest income

         Interest income on financial assets at FVTPL is included in ‘other gains/(losses), net’ as part of
         change in fair value, see Note 7 below.

         Interest income on financial assets at amortized cost calculated using the effective interest
         method is recognized in the statement of profit or loss as part of ‘other income’, see Note 6
         below.

         Interest income is presented as ‘finance income’ where it is earned from financial assets that are
         held for cash management purposes, see Note 10 below. Any other interest income is included
         in ‘other income’.

         Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount
         of a financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For
         credit-impaired financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of
         the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).


    2.27 Earnings per share

         (i)    Basic earnings per share

                Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of
                the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares by the
                weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding
                treasury shares.

         (ii)   Diluted earnings per share

                Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings
                per share to take into account:

                –      the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with
                       dilutive potential ordinary shares, and

                –      the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been
                       outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


    2.28 Dividend income

         Dividends are received from financial assets measured at FVTPL and at FVOCI. Dividends are
         recognized as ‘other income’ in profit or loss when the right to receive payment is established.
         This applies even if they are paid out of pre-acquisition profits, unless the dividend clearly
         represents a recovery of part of the cost of an investment. In this case, the dividend is recognized
         in ‘OCI’ if it relates to an investment measured at FVOCI. However, the investment may need to
         be tested for impairment as a consequence.
156 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         2.29 Lease

              Leases are recognized as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which
              the leased asset is available for use by the Group.

              Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease
              liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

              •       fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives
                      receivable,

              •       variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the
                      index or rate as of the commencement date,

              •       amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees,

              •       the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that
                      option, and

              •       payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
                      exercising that option.

              Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
              measurement of the liability.

              The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate
              cannot be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s
              incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay
              to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a
              similar economic environment with similar security and conditions.

              To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

              •       where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as
                      a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party
                      financing was received.

              •       uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk
                      for leases held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and

              •       makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

              Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance expenses. The finance expenses
              are charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of
              interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.
                                                                                      2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT              157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.29 Lease (Continued)

         Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

         •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability,

         •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
                received,

         •      any initial direct costs, and

         •      restoration costs.

         Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the
         lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase
         option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

         Payments associated with short-term leases and all leases of low-value assets are recognized on
         a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term
         of 12 months or less.


    2.30 Government grants

         Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value when received and the Group has
         complied with all attached conditions.

         Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognized in the consolidated statement
         of profit or loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to
         compensate.

         Government grants relating to property, plant and equipment are included in non-current
         liabilities as deferred government grants and are credited to the consolidated statement of profit
         or loss on a straight line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.


    2.31 Dividend distribution

         Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorized and
         no longer at the discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not
         distributed at the end of the reporting period.
158 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

         3.1   Financial risk factors

               The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency
               risk, fair value interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall
               risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to
               minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

               Risk management is carried out by the Group’s finance department under policies approved by
               the Board of Directors of the Company. The Group’s finance department identifies, evaluates
               financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units. The Board of Directors of
               the Company provides written principles for overall risk management, as well as written policies
               covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk and liquidity
               risk.

               (a)    Market risk

                      (i)     Foreign exchange risk

                              The Group operates mainly in the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States of
                              America (the “USA”), and is exposed to foreign exchange risk, primarily the US$
                              and HK$.

                              Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognized
                              assets and liabilities that are in a currency other than the functional currency of
                              the group entities. The Group did not enter into any forward contract to hedge its
                              exposure to foreign currency risk for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022.

                              As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying amounts of the Group’s monetary
                              assets and liabilities that are denominated in currency other than the functional
                              currency of the respective group entities are as follows:

                                                                  March 31, 2023                  March 31, 2022
                                                                HK dollar  US dollar            HK dollar   US dollar
                                                                RMB’000     RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000

                              Cash and bank balances                10,794        941,874           9,834       859,521
                              Trade and other receivables              809        140,834             705       167,608
                              Trade and other payables               3,924          2,871           4,219         1,112


                              For the year ended March 31, 2023, if RMB had weakened/strengthened by
                              5% (2022: 5%) with all other variables held constant, pre-tax loss would have
                              been RMB54,376,000 lower/higher (2022: pre-tax profit would have been
                              RMB51,617,000 higher/lower).
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT            159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (a)   Market risk (Continued)

                (ii)    Fair value interest rate risk

                        The Group’s interest rate risk arises from interest bearing assets and liabilities,
                        mainly including loan receivables. Management considered that any reasonable
                        changes in the interest rates would not result in a significant change in the
                        Group’s results.

                (iii)   Price risk

                        The Group is exposed to price risk in respect of listed investment and unlisted
                        investment measured at FVTPL held by the Group. The Group is not exposed to
                        commodity price risk. To manage its price risk arising from its investments, the
                        Group diversifies its portfolio. Each investment is managed by management on a
                        case by case basis. The sensitivity analysis is performed by management, see Note
                        3.3 for details.

          (b)   Credit risk

                (i)     Risk management

                        Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from deposits with
                        banks and financial institutions, contractual cash flows of debt instruments carried
                        at amortized cost, film and TV investments, financial assets at fair value through
                        profit or loss, as well as credit exposures to customers, including outstanding
                        receivables.

                        The Group’s bank balances are deposited in banks and financial institutions with
                        good reputation in the PRC, Hong Kong and the USA. Accordingly, the credit risk
                        on these bank balances is limited.

                        For trade and other receivables, the Group assesses the credit quality of the
                        customers, taking into account of their financial positions, past experience and
                        other factors.

                        For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Group had no significant concentrations
                        of credit risk except that two individual customers (both related parties of
                        the Group) accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total trade receivables
                        respectively. The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical location is in
                        the PRC, which accounted for 98.75% of the total trade receivables as of March
                        31, 2023.
160 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

               (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                     (ii)   Impairment of financial assets

                            The Group has two types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit
                            loss model:

                            •      trade receivables, and

                            •      other receivables

                            While deposits with banks and financial institutions are also subject to the
                            impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was
                            immaterial.

                            Trade receivables

                            For trade receivables that do not share same risk characteristics with others,
                            management assesses their expected credit losses on an individual basis. For trade
                            receivables that share same risk characteristics with others, management calculates
                            the expected credit losses using the roll rate model. The model first groups the
                            customers based on their different risk characteristics, and then recalculates
                            their respective historical credit loss information. The model further incorporates
                            economic policies, macroeconomic conditions, industry risks and forward-looking
                            adjustments to reflect management’s forecasts of macroeconomic factors in
                            different scenarios, as this affects the customers’ ability to settle the receivables.
                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT           161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                       Trade receivables (Continued)

                                                           Lifetime
                                                          expected        Gross      Lifetime         Net
                                                         credit loss   carrying     expected     carrying
                                                                rate    amount     credit loss    amount
                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

                       As of March 31, 2023

                       Receivables of technology
                         Provision on individual basis     94.04%           285         (268)          17
                         Provision on collective basis      4.88%       211,070      (10,309)     200,761

                       Receivables of content
                         Provision on individual basis     69.47%        108,911     (75,663)       33,248
                         Provision on collective basis      2.35%      1,202,026     (28,276)    1,173,750

                       Receivable of IP
                         merchandising and
                         commercialization
                         Provision on individual basis       0.00%             –            –            –
                         Provision on collective basis       1.47%       47,175         (695)      46,480


                                                                       1,569,467    (115,211)    1,454,256
162 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

               (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                     (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                            Trade receivables (Continued)

                                                                Lifetime
                                                               expected         Gross      Lifetime           Net
                                                              credit loss     carrying    expected       carrying
                                                                     rate     amount     credit loss     amount
                                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

                            As of March 31, 2022

                            Receivables of technology
                              Provision on individual basis     49.87%         1,177         (587)          590
                              Provision on collective basis     11.30%       152,672      (17,254)      135,418

                            Receivables of content
                              Provision on individual basis     96.57%        113,663    (109,767)         3,896
                              Provision on collective basis      1.27%      1,503,017     (19,085)     1,483,932

                            Receivable of IP
                              merchandising and
                              commercialization
                              Provision on individual basis      0.00%              –             –            –
                              Provision on collective basis      1.79%        51,830          (928)      50,902


                                                                            1,822,359    (147,621)     1,674,738
                                                                                    2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT             163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                       Trade receivables (Continued)

                       The loss allowance for trade receivables recognized during the year ended March
                       31, 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                              For the year
                                                                                                    ended
                                                                                                March 31,
                                                                                                     2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000

                       Opening balance                                                             147,621
                       Increase in loss allowance during the year                                    4,151
                       Written off as uncollectible                                                 (4,133)
                       Reversal of previous impairment losses                                      (32,520)
                       Currency translation differences                                                 92


                       Closing balance                                                             115,211


                       Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of
                       recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include,
                       among others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the
                       Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period.

                       Impairment losses on trade receivables are presented as net impairment losses
                       within operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off
                       are credited against the same line item.
164 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

               (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                     (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

                            Other receivables

                            Management assesses the expected credit losses of other receivables on an
                            individual basis. The expected credit losses are assessed with reference to the credit
                            status of the recipients and the past due status of doubtful debtors.

                            The loss allowance for other receivables recognized during the year ended March
                            31, 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                                     For the year
                                                                                                           ended
                                                                                                       March 31,
                                                                                                            2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000

                            Opening balance                                                              501,744
                            Increase in loss allowance during the year                                    53,293
                            Written off as uncollectible                                                 (91,013)
                            Reversal of previous impairment losses                                       (24,980)
                            Currency translation differences                                               1,157


                            Closing balance                                                              440,201


                            Net impairment losses on financial assets recognized in profit or loss

                            During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognized in profit or loss in
                            relation to impaired financial assets:

                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                           March 31,
                                                                                          2023           2022
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000

                            Impairment losses on trade receivables                       (4,151)        (100,112)
                            Impairment losses on other receivables                      (53,293)        (104,214)
                            Reversal of previous impairment losses                       57,500           28,176


                            Net reversal of/(provision for) impairment loss
                              on financial assets                                            56         (176,150)
                                                                                           2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT             165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (iii)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                        The Group is also exposed to credit risk in relation to debt investments that are
                        measured at fair value through profit or loss. The maximum exposure at the end of
                        the reporting period is the carrying amount of these investments.

          (c)   Liquidity risk

                Cash flow forecasting is performed for the operating entities of the Group and
                aggregated by the finance department. The Group’s finance department monitors rolling
                forecasts of the Group’s liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to meet
                operational needs.

                The table below analyzes the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant
                maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the
                contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
                undiscounted cash flows.

                                                               Between    Between       More
                                                   Less than      1 and      2 and       than             Carrying
                                                      1 year    2 years    5 years    5 years     Total    amount
                                                    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000   RMB’000

                Contractual maturities of
                  financial liabilities at March
                  31, 2023
                Trade and other payables
                  (excluding non- financial
                  liabilities)                      846,573           –          –          –   846,573   846,573
                Lease liabilities                    36,594      25,219     50,663     83,706   196,182   145,767


                                                    883,167      25,219     50,663     83,706 1,042,755   992,340
166 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

               (c)    Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                    Between    Between       More
                                                        Less than      1 and      2 and       than               Carrying
                                                           1 year    2 years    5 years    5 years      Total    amount
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000

                      Contractual maturities of financial
                        liabilities at March 31, 2022
                      Trade and other payables
                        (excluding non-financial
                        liabilities)                      958,253          –          –          –   958,253    958,253
                      Borrowings                            9,443          –          –          –     9,443      9,375
                      Lease liabilities                    42,051    27,391     58,953    100,692    229,087    167,870


                                                       1,009,747     27,391     58,953    100,692 1,196,783 1,135,498


         3.2   Capital management

               The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
               continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
               stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

               In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of
               dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to
               reduce debt.

               The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net
               debt over equity plus net debt in which net debt represents total borrowings less cash and cash
               equivalents.

               As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Group’s gearing ratio was nil as its cash and cash
               equivalents exceeded its total borrowings.
                                                                                              2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT                167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3   Fair value estimation

          The table below analyzes the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as of March 31,
          2023 by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are
          categorized into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

          •       Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

          •       Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset
                  or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level
                  2).

          •       Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                  unobservable inputs) (level 3).

          See Note 18 and 19 for disclosures of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss that are
          measured at fair value.

          The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at March 31,
          2023.

                                                               Level 1         Level 2        Level 3          Total
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

          Assets
          Financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss (current)
          Film and TV Investments, at fair value
             (current)                                                 –               –        43,568          43,568

          Financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss (non-current)
          Unlisted investments                                         –               –       700,927        700,927
          Listed investment                                      59,394                –             –         59,394
          Film and TV Investments, at fair value
             (non-current)                                             –               –       141,375        141,375


          Total                                                  59,394                –       885,870        945,264
168 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

                                                                  Level 1        Level 2        Level 3          Total
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

               Liabilities
               Financial liabilities at fair value
                  through profit or loss (current)
               Film investments from business partners                    –              –        13,050         13,050


               The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at March 31,
               2022.

                                                                  Level 1         Level 2        Level 3          Total
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

               Assets
               Financial assets at fair value through
                  profit or loss (current)
               Film and TV Investments, at fair value
                  (current)                                               –              –        13,000         13,000

               Financial assets at fair value through
                  profit or loss (non-current)
               Unlisted investments                                       –              –    1,272,547       1,272,547
               Listed investment                                          –        45,138             –          45,138
               Film and TV Investments, at fair value
                  (non-current)                                           –              –       204,067        204,067


               Total                                                      –        45,138     1,489,614       1,534,752


               Financial instruments in level 3

               The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by
               using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximize the use of observable market
               data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant
               inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
               If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
               included in level 3.
                                                                                   2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT              169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

          Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)

          The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the years ended March 31,
          2023 and 2022.

                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                    March 31,
                                                                                   2023           2022
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000

          Investments in wealth management products
          Opening balance                                                              –            7,000
          Acquisitions                                                            13,500                –
          Disposals                                                              (13,563)          (7,075)
          Change in fair value (Note 7 and 18)                                        63               75


          Closing balance                                                              –                  –


                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                    March 31,
                                                                                   2023           2022
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000

          Structured deposits
          Opening balance                                                              –                  –
          Acquisitions                                                        1,200,000                   –
          Disposals                                                          (1,208,700)                  –
          Change in fair value (Note 7 and 18)                                    8,700                   –


          Closing balance                                                              –                  –


                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                    March 31,
                                                                                   2023           2022
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000

          Film and TV investments, at fair value
          Opening balance                                                       217,067           305,426
          Change in investment amount, net                                            –            13,000
          Change in fair value (Note 7 and 19)                                   73,787            79,192
          Derecognition                                                        (109,407)         (178,414)
          Currency translation differences                                        3,496            (2,137)


          Closing balance                                                       184,943          217,067
170 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

         3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

               Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)

               The film and TV investments, at fair value, are the film and TV investments that do not meet
               solely payments of principal and interest condition.

               The film and TV investments, at fair value, are primarily valued based on the discounted cash
               flows method using the expected rate of return of 4.75% based on the management estimates
               and are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

               If the fair values of the film and TV investments held by the Group had been 10% higher/
               lower as of March 31, 2023, pre-tax loss for the year ended March 31, 2023 would have been
               RMB18,494,000 lower/higher (2022: pre-tax profit would have been RMB21,707,000 higher/
               lower).

               The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the years ended March 31,
               2023 and 2022.

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2023           2022
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

               Unlisted investments
               Opening balance                                                      1,272,547        1,131,683
               Change in fair value (Note 7 and 18)                                  (239,316)         320,587
               Transfer to level 2 financial instruments                                    –         (166,953)
               Transfer to investments accounted for using the equity method
                 (Note 13)                                                           (380,996)                 –
               Derecognition                                                           (2,053)           (9,349)
               Currency translation differences                                        50,745            (3,421)


               Closing balance                                                        700,927        1,272,547


               On January 19, 2023, YH Entertainment Group was successfully listed on the Hong Kong Stock
               Exchange. The Group converted the redeemable instruments into ordinary shares. Accordingly,
               the Group transferred the investment from FVTPL to investments accounted for using the equity
               method.
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT             171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3    Fair value estimation (Continued)

           Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)

           For unlisted investments, as these investment are not traded in an active market, their fair values
           are determined by using valuation techniques and are within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
           The Group has engaged an independent external valuers for performing the fair value valuation.
           Unlisted investments are primarily valued based on the available transaction price of the latest
           round of financing of the investees. Where such information is not available, other valuation
           techniques are used, such as the discounted cash flow method or market approach. The
           estimated fair values were based on assumptions, such as the forecasted revenue, discount rates,
           IPO probability, expected volatility, etc.

           If the fair values of the unlisted investments held by the Group had been 10% higher/lower
           as of March 31, 2023, pre-tax loss for the year ended March 31, 2023 would have been
           RMB70,093,000 lower/higher (2022: pre-tax profit would have been RMB127,255,000 higher/
           lower).


4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS

    Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and
    other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
    circumstances.

    The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates
    will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a
    significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
    the next financial year are addressed below.


    (a)    Estimated impairment of goodwill

           The Group tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment, in accordance with the
           accounting policy stated in Note 2.9. The recoverable amounts of CGUs are determined based
           on VIU, which require the use of estimates and valuation techniques. The inputs to these models
           are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of
           judgment is required in establishing fair values.

           Based on management’s assessment (Note 15), there was no impairment on goodwill charged to
           administrative expenses during the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: Nil).


    (b)    Estimated impairment of film and TV rights

           At the end of the reporting period, management of the Company assesses the impairment on
           film and TV rights classified as intangible asset with reference to its recoverable amount. The
           assessment is made on a film-by-film basis. The recoverable amount of the film and TV rights is
           determined based on VIU/net realizable value.
172 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (Continued)

         (b)   Estimated impairment of film and TV rights (Continued)

               If the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount, the carrying amount of the
               film and TV rights will be written down to its recoverable amount. The Group’s estimation of
               impairment provision of film and TV rights reflects management’s best estimate of future cash
               flows expected to be generated from film and TV rights.

               For the film and TV rights treated as inventory, management of the Company assesses the
               impairment with reference to its cost and net realizable value at the end of the reporting
               period. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
               applicable variable selling expenses. The Group’s estimation of impairment provision for film and
               TV rights involves significant management judgment based on the consideration of key factors
               such as estimated future selling prices and selling expenses of the respective film and TV rights.

               Based on management’s assessment on the recoverability of film and TV rights (Note 19), an
               impairment on film and TV rights of RMB58,052,000 was charged to cost of sales and services
               during the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: RMB53,974,000).


         (c)   Estimated impairment of investments accounted for using the equity method

               The Group assesses whether there is any indicator of impairment for interests in associates and
               joint ventures at the end of each reporting period in accordance with the accounting policies
               stated in Note 2.9. Investments accounted for using the equity method are tested for impairment
               when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment
               exists when the carrying value of investments accounted for using the equity method exceeds its
               recoverable amount, which is determined based on VIU calculations. These calculations require
               the use of estimates.

               Based on management’s assessment (Note 13), an impairment of RMB127,589,000 was charged
               to impairment of investments accounted for using the equity method during the year ended
               March 31, 2023 (2022: RMB218,850,000).


         (d)   Loss allowances for trade and other receivables

               The loss allowances for trade and other receivables are based on assumptions about risk of
               default and expected loss rates. The Group uses judgment in making these assumptions and
               selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation at the end of each reporting period. Details of
               the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.1(b).


         (e)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

               The fair value determination of such financial assets for which there is no observable market
               price requires the use of valuation techniques. The inputs to the valuation models are taken
               from observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgment is
               required in establishing fair values. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed
               in Note 3.3.
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT           173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

5   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

    The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the Board of Directors of the Company.
    Management has determined the operating segments based on the information reviewed by the Board
    of Directors of the Company for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance.

    The Board of Directors of the Company considers the business from perspective of types of goods or
    services delivered or provided. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Group’s operating and
    reportable segments are as follows:

    –       Content: the investment and production of entertainment contents such as film and drama series
            both domestically and internationally.

    –       Technology: the construction and operation of pan-entertainment infrastructure that promotes
            the digital upgrade of the entertainment sector. The business mainly comprises digital platform
            ticketing, digitalization business and others.

    –       IP merchandising and commercialization: backed by the Group’s licensing and marketing
            capabilities, the Group could integrate resources within or outside the Alibaba Ecosystem to
            provide comprehensive distribution channels connecting with both corporate customers and
            individual consumers (“IP2B2C”).

    The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in
    the following major product lines:

                                                            For the year ended March 31, 2023
                                                                              IP merchandising
                                                                                          and
                                                  Content        Technology commercialization          Total
                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

    Segment revenue
    – recognized at a point in time             1,507,776           516,902           543,517       2,568,195
    – recognized over time                        201,525           740,353                 –         941,878


                                                1,709,301         1,257,255           543,517       3,510,073
    Income from film and TV investments                 –            10,284                 –          10,284


    Total segment revenue                       1,709,301         1,267,539           543,517       3,520,357


    Including:   revenue recognized that was
                   included in the contract
                   liabilities balance at the
                   beginning of the year           98,277            44,271             8,319         150,867
174 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     5   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                   For the year ended March 31, 2022
                                                                                       IP merchandising
                                                                                                   and
                                                        Content         Technology commercialization          Total
                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000

         Segment revenue
         – recognized at a point in time              1,632,195           756,883             440,255     2,829,333
         – recognized over time                         315,662           503,347                   –       819,009


                                                      1,947,857         1,260,230             440,255     3,648,342
         Income from film and TV investments                  –             3,828                   –         3,828


         Total segment revenue                        1,947,857         1,264,058             440,255     3,652,170


         Including: revenue recognized that
                      was included in the
                      contract liabilities balance
                      at the beginning of the year      14,680             27,239                7,418      49,337


         Segment revenue and results

                                                                  For the year ended March 31, 2023
                                                                                    IP merchandising
                                                                                                and
                                                       Content         Technology commercialization         Total
                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

         Segment revenue                              1,709,301         1,267,539             543,517     3,520,357


         Segment results                               281,603            344,951             156,273      782,827


         Unallocated selling and marketing
            expenses                                                                                        (2,024)
         Administrative expenses                                                                          (768,440)
         Reversal of Impairment losses on
            financial assets, net                                                                               56
         Other income                                                                                       48,989
         Other losses, net                                                                                (282,380)
         Finance income                                                                                    117,114
         Finance expenses                                                                                   (8,403)
         Share of loss of investments accounted for
            using the equity method                                                                         (39,472)
         Impairment of investments accounted for
            using the equity method                                                                       (127,589)


         Loss before income tax                                                                           (279,322)
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT          175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

5   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    Segment revenue and results (Continued)

                                                            For the year ended March 31, 2022
                                                                                IP merchandising
                                                                                            and
                                                 Content         Technology commercialization           Total
                                                RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000

    Segment revenue                          1,947,857         1,264,058              440,255      3,652,170


    Segment results                            317,493            430,949             197,103       945,545


    Unallocated selling and marketing
       expenses                                                                                      (14,971)
    Administrative expenses                                                                         (925,474)
    Impairment losses on financial
       assets, net                                                                                  (176,150)
    Other income                                                                                     113,078
    Other gains, net                                                                                 337,188
    Finance income                                                                                    91,988
    Finance expenses                                                                                 (12,703)
    Share of loss of and gain on
       dilution of investments accounted
       for using the equity method                                                                   (10,749)
    Impairment of investments
       accounted for using the equity
       method                                                                                       (218,850)


    Profit before income tax                                                                        128,902


    During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, all of the segment revenue reported above was from
    external customers and there were no inter-segment sales.

    Segment results represent the gross profit generated by each segment after allocation of certain selling
    and marketing expenses. This is the measure reported to the Board of Directors of the Company for the
    purpose of resource allocation and performance assessments.

    Segment assets and liabilities are not regularly reported to the Board of Directors of the Company and
    therefore information of separate segment assets and liabilities is not presented.

    Most of the Group’s segment revenue is derived from the Mainland of PRC except certain revenue from
    the content production segment.

    As of March 31, 2023, the Group’s non-current assets, other than financial instruments and deferred
    income tax assets, were located in the Mainland of the PRC, the USA and Hong Kong amounting to
    RMB3,804,051,000, RMB5,000 and RMB74,000, respectively.
176 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     5   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

         Segment revenue and results (Continued)

         For the year ended March 31, 2023, approximately 18% and 11% of the total revenues of the Group
         were derived from two external customers (2022: approximately 22% of the total revenues of the
         Group were derived from one single external customer). Other than these customers, no other customer
         contributed 10% or more of the Group’s revenue during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022.


         Contract liabilities

         The Group has recognized the following liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                       For the year ended
                                                                                            March 31,
                                                                                           2023           2022
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

         Deferred revenue

         Technology                                                                      88,371           79,734
         IP merchandising and commercialization                                          73,378            8,319
         Content                                                                          8,656           98,292


                                                                                        170,405         186,345


         Contract liabilities are presented in advance from customers, which are the Group’s obligations
         to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an
         amount of consideration is due) from the customer. As of March 31, 2023, the total contract liabilities
         amounted to RMB170,405,000 (2022: RMB186,345,000), which will be recognized as revenue within
         one year.


     6   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                       For the year ended
                                                                                            March 31,
                                                                                           2023           2022
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

         Interest income on loan receivables                                             28,952           28,239
         Additional deduction of input VAT                                               14,071           12,066
         Local government grants                                                          1,764            4,898
         Refund of service fee for withholding IIT                                        1,526            4,215
         Sundry income                                                                    2,676            3,770
         Dividend income                                                                      –           59,890


                                                                                         48,989         113,078
                                                                               2022/23 年度報告
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT           177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

7   OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS, NET

                                                                            For the year ended
                                                                                 March 31,
                                                                                2023           2022
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

    Change in fair value of film and TV investments, at fair value
      (Note 3.3 and 19)                                                       73,787         79,192
    Net gains on disposal of film and TV investments                          14,310          9,460
    Change in fair value of listed investment (Note 18)                       14,064       (121,012)
    Change in fair value of structured deposits (Note 3.3 and 18)              8,700              –
    Change in fair value of investment in wealth management products
      (Note 3.3 and 18)                                                           63             75
    Net loss on disposal of property, plant and Equipment                     (1,988)          (565)
    Compensation fee                                                         (18,744)             –
    Loss on dilution of investments accounted for using the equity method   (130,976)             –
    Change in fair value of unlisted investments (Note 3.3 and 18)          (239,316)      320,587
    Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                               –        27,236
    Gain on disposal of an associate                                               –        16,844
    Trade and other payables written off                                           –         6,670
    Others                                                                    (2,280)       (1,299)


                                                                            (282,380)      337,188
178 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     8   EXPENSE BY NATURE

                                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                                    March 31,
                                                                                                   2023           2022
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000

         Film and TV copyrights recognized as cost of sales and services
            (Note 19)                                                                         1,375,990          1,542,116
         Employee benefit expenses (Note 9)                                                     859,951            648,683
         Cost of inventories, cinema ticketing and intellectual property licenses
            and other services recognized as cost of sales and services                         633,809             543,990
         Marketing and promotion expenses                                                       348,666             564,571
         Technology service fees                                                                 82,691              55,859
         Payment processing and other service fees                                               58,113              75,676
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 16)                                           32,309              41,395
         Amortization of intangible assets (Note 15)                                             14,211              13,958
         Travel and entertainment fees                                                           12,314              21,829
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 14)                                 12,066              41,280
         Rental expense for short-term and low-value leases (Note 16)                             1,226                 660
         SMS platform service and customer service support fees                                     893               8,595
         Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment (Note 14)                                   –               7,607
         Auditor’s remunerations
         – Audit services                                                                          3,500              4,000
         Others                                                                                   72,255             76,851


         Total cost of sales and services, selling and marketing expenses
           and administrative expenses                                                        3,507,994          3,647,070


         Note:

         The amount of ‘Film and TV copyrights recognized as cost of sales and services’ included an impairment loss on film
         and TV rights of RMB58,052,000 for the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: RMB53,974,000).
                                                                                                 2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT               179
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

9   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                            For the year ended
                                                                                                 March 31,
                                                                                                2023           2022
                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

    Wages and salaries                                                                        519,487            394,717
    Share-based payment under share option scheme and share award
      scheme (Note 25)                                                                        136,385            146,891
    Share-based payment transactions with ultimate parent (Note 25)                            67,818                  –
    Social security costs and housing fund (Note a)                                           129,262              98,910
    Termination benefits                                                                        6,999               8,165


                                                                                              859,951            648,683


    Notes:

    (a)      All of the Group’s full-time employees in the PRC participate in a state-sponsored defined contribution
             pension plan. The Group is required to make monthly defined contributions to this plan at a rate of 14%–
             16% (2022: 14%–16%) of the employees’ basic salaries subject to a cap determined by the state on an
             annual basis.

             The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
             Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all qualifying employees in Hong
             Kong. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to
             the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF
             Scheme. The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of
             trustees.

             There was no forfeited contribution utilized to offset employers’ contributions for the year ended March
             31, 2023 (2022: nil). There was no forfeited contribution available to reduce the contribution payable in the
             future years as of March 31, 2023 (2022: nil).

             During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Group made total contributions to the retirement benefits
             schemes of RMB54,313,000 (2022: RMB39,512,000).
180 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     9   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)

         Notes: (Continued)


         (b)    Five highest paid individuals

                The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended March 31,
                2023 include 1 (2022: 1) director whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 35. The
                emoluments payable to the remaining 4 (2022: 4) individuals during the year ended March 31, 2023 are as
                follows:

                                                                                             For the year ended
                                                                                                  March 31,
                                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

                Salaries, share options, other allowances and benefits in kind                 16,779              19,652
                Discretionary bonuses                                                          10,630               3,161
                Contributions to the retirement scheme                                            251                 180


                                                                                               27,660              22,993


                The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                              For the year ended
                                                                                                   March 31,
                                                                                                 2023               2022

                Emolument bands (in HK dollar)
                HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                         2                    1
                HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                         –                    1
                HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                         1                    –
                HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                         –                    1
                HK$9,000,001 to HK$9,500,000                                                         –                    1
                HK$14,500,001 to HK$15,000,000                                                       1                    –


                                                                                                     4                    4
                                                             2022/23 年度報告
                                                             ANNUAL REPORT           181
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

10   FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSES

                                                          For the year ended
                                                               March 31,
                                                              2023           2022
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

     Finance income
     – Interest income on bank deposits                   101,662         73,276
     – Exchange gain, net                                  15,452         18,712


                                                          117,114         91,988


     Finance expenses
     – Interest expenses on lease liabilities (Note 16)     (8,388)       (11,553)
     – Interest expenses on bank borrowings                    (15)        (1,150)


                                                            (8,403)       (12,703)


     Finance income, net                                  108,711         79,285


11   INCOME TAX CREDIT

                                                          For the year ended
                                                               March 31,
                                                              2023           2022
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

     Current income tax (expense)/credit                    (1,116)       10,110
     Deferred income tax credit (Note 28)                    1,531        15,303


                                                              415         25,413
182 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     11   INCOME TAX CREDIT (Continued)

          The tax on the Group’s (loss)/profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would
          arise using the PRC statutory tax rate as follows:

                                                                                       For the year ended
                                                                                            March 31,
                                                                                           2023           2022
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

          (Loss)/profit before income tax                                              (279,322)         128,902

          Tax calculated at a tax rate of 25% (2022: 25%)                               (69,831)          32,226
          Tax effects of:
          – Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                46,034          (67,895)
          – Associates’ and joint ventures’ results reported net of tax                  42,757            2,687
          – Income not subject to tax                                                    (3,308)          (5,740)
          – Additional deduction in relation to research and development costs           (2,987)          (2,041)
          – Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                      7,315            3,005
          – Refund of income tax from previous years                                       (840)         (11,996)
          – Utilization of previously unrecognized tax losses                          (231,273)        (154,345)
          – Temporary differences and tax losses for which no deferred income
              tax asset was recognized                                                  211,718          178,686


          Tax credit                                                                       (415)          (25,413)


          The Company is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted company with limited liability under the
          Companies Law of Bermuda and accordingly, is exempted from Bermuda income tax.

          Some of the subsidiaries are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) as exempted companies
          with limited liability under the Companies Law of BVI and accordingly, are exempted from BVI income
          tax.

          Provision for the PRC enterprise income tax is calculated based on the statutory tax rate of 25% (The
          year ended March 31, 2022: 25%) on the assessable income of each of the group companies, except
          that: (1) one subsidiary of the Company is taxed at preferential tax rates of 15% (The year ended
          March 31, 2022: 15%) under the relevant PRC tax rules and regulations; and (2) one subsidiary of the
          Company, incorporated in Horgos, Xinjiang Province, is exempted from income taxes from the first year
          of generating revenue before December 31, 2030 and the exemption period is five years according to
          the relevant PRC tax rules and regulations; and (3) certain subsidiaries of the Company are small low-
          profit enterprises, followed by a reduced tax rate of 20% (The year ended March 31, 2022: 20%).

          No provision for Hong Kong and the USA profit tax has been made as the group companies operating
          in Hong Kong and the USA did not have any assessable profit for both years.
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             183
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

12   (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2023           2022

     Basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share (RMB cents)                            (1.09)             0.64


     (a)    Basic

            Basic earnings or loss per share is calculated by dividing the (loss)/profit attributable to owners
            of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less shares held for
            share award scheme during the year.

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2023           2022

            (Loss)/profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)           (291,132)          169,853


            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less
             shares held for share award scheme (thousands)                       26,790,977        26,614,256


     (b)    Diluted

            Diluted earnings or loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of
            ordinary shares outstanding to assume conversion of all potential dilutive ordinary shares. The
            Company had two categories of potential ordinary shares during the years ended March 31,
            2023 and 2022, which are share options and unvested awarded shares.

            The computation of diluted loss per share for the year ended March 31, 2023 did not assume
            the issuance of any dilutive potential ordinary share since they were antidilutive, which would
            decrease the loss per share.
184 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     13   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD

                                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                                             March 31,
                                                                                            2023           2022
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

          At beginning of the year                                                     1,723,173         2,075,319
          Additions                                                                        1,375             9,250
          Transfers (Note 3.3)                                                           380,996                 –
          Disposal of investment in an associate                                               –          (121,900)
          Share of loss of investments (Note a)                                          (39,472)          (18,673)
          (Loss)/gain on dilution of interest in associates (Note b)                    (130,976)            7,924
          Share of other comprehensive income of an associate                             (4,958)            1,393
          Share of changes of other reserves of an associate                               1,481               268
          Impairment (Note c)                                                           (127,589)         (218,850)
          Currency translation differences                                                23,219           (11,558)


          At end of the year                                                           1,827,249         1,723,173


          (a)    When the most recently available financial statements of associates or joint ventures are different
                 from the Group’s reporting date, the Group may take advantage of the provision contained
                 in HKAS 28 whereby it is permitted to include the attributable share of profit or loss of the
                 associates or joint ventures based on the financial statements drawn up to a non-coterminous
                 period end where the difference must be no greater than three months. Adjustments shall be
                 made for the effects of significant transactions or events that occur between that date and the
                 balance sheet date of the Group.

                 The financial year end date of the Group is March 31, which is different from those of the
                 associates and joint ventures of the Group. The financial information of certain of the Group’s
                 associates and joint ventures as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 are not available. As a result, the
                 Group records its share of profit or loss of investments accounted for using the equity method
                 for those associates and joint ventures on one quarter in arrear basis for the years ended March
                 31, 2023 and 2022.

                 Bona Film Group Co., Limited (“Bona Film”) was listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange on August
                 18, 2022 and could provide its financial statements as of March 31, 2023 before the results
                 announcement of the Group. The Group ceases to take advantage of the non-coterminous
                 period end provision for this investment upon its listing and included the attributable share of
                 profit or loss of this investment based on its financial statements drawn up to a coterminous
                 period end with the Group from this consolidated financial statements for the year ended March
                 31, 2023.

                 Hence, the Group records its shares of profit or loss of this investment for the fifteen months
                 ended March 31, 2023 in this consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended
                 March 31, 2023 including the loss of RMB7,510,000 in the consolidated statement of profit
                 or loss and a loss of RMB4,958,000 in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
                 respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2023.
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT            185
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

13   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
     (Continued)

     (b)   The amount represented the dilution loss on the Group’s investments in Bona Film and Wuhan
           Two Ten Culture Communication Limited Company (“Wuhan Two Ten”).

           The dilution loss on the Group’s investment in Bona Film was recognized upon the listing of
           this investment on August 18, 2022. The Group’s interests in Bona Film was diluted from
           7.72% to 6.18% after Bona Film listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The difference between
           (1) the decrease in the carrying value of the Group’s interest in Bona Film resulting from the
           decrease in percentage of shareholding and (2) the Group’s share of the proceeds received for
           the new shares issued resulted in a dilution loss of RMB130,933,000 and was recognized in the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended March 31, 2023.

           As of March 31, 2022, the Group’s interests in Wuhan Two Ten was 18%. During the year
           ended March 31, 2023, Wuhan Two Ten issued new shares to certain investors. Consequently,
           the Group’s interests in Wuhan Two Ten was diluted from 18% to 17.79%. The difference
           between (1) the decrease in the carrying value of the Group’s interest in Wuhan Two Ten
           resulting from the decrease in percentage of shareholding and (2) the Group’s share of the
           proceeds received for the new shares issued resulted in a dilution loss of RMB43,000 and was
           recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended March 31, 2023.

     (c)   The Group determines whether interests in the investments accounted for using the equity
           method are impaired by regularly reviewing whether there is any indication of impairment in
           accordance with relevant accounting standards.

           When impairment indicators of the investments accounted for using the equity method
           were identified, management determined the recoverable amounts, which was the higher
           of its fair value less costs of disposals and its value in use. When value in use calculations
           were undertaken, management estimated the present value of estimated future cash flows
           expected to arise from their businesses. When fair value less costs of disposals calculations were
           undertaken, management estimated the fair value using market approach.

           Based on the assessment results, the Group recognized an impairment loss of RMB127,589,000
           (2022: RMB218,850,000) for the investments accounted for using the equity method of the
           Group for year ended March 31, 2023.

           In respect of the recoverable amount determined with reference to the value in use assessment
           result, the estimated cash flows used in the assessments were based on assumptions, such as
           pre-tax discount rates, long-term growth rates, forecasted revenue, gross margin and working
           capital turnover rates, with reference to the business plans and prevailing market conditions.
           In respect of the recoverable amount determined with reference to the fair value less costs of
           disposals assessment result, the estimated fair values were based on assumptions, such as the
           forecasted revenue, IPO probability and expected volatility.
186 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     13   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
          (Continued)

          (d)    The Directors of the Company are of the view that none of the Group’s associates or joint
                 ventures was individually material to the Group as of March 31, 2023.

                 As of March 31, 2023, the aggregate carrying amounts of individually immaterial associates
                 and joint ventures were RMB1,773,865,000 and RMB53,384,000, respectively (2022:
                 RMB1,651,112,000 and RMB72,061,000).

                 During the year ended March 31, 2023, the aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of loss
                 from continuing operations of individually immaterial associates and joint ventures were
                 RMB32,370,000 and RMB7,102,000, respectively (2022: RMB11,929,000 and RMB6,744,000).

          Nature of investment in associates and joint ventures as of March 31, 2023 and 2022:

                                                                Place of
                                                                business/
                                                                region of           % of ownership interest
          Name of entity                                        incorporation          As of March 31,
                                                                                          2023           2022

          Associates:
          Hainan Alibaba Pictures Investment
            Management Limited
            海南阿里巴巴影業投資管理有限公司                                    The PRC                 40.00%           40.00%

          Shanghai Movie & Media Co., Ltd.
            上海影視傳媒股份有限公司                                        The PRC                  5.00%*              5.00%*

          Hainan Alibaba Pictures Entertainment Industry
            Investment Fund (LLP)
            海南阿里巴巴影業文化產業基金合夥企業(有限合夥) The PRC                                          24.987%           24.987%

          Bona Film Group Limited
            博納影業集團股份有限公司                                        The PRC                  6.18%*              7.72%*

          Shanghai Zhuying Investment Management
            Consulting Limited
            上海築影投資管理諮詢有限公司                                      The PRC                  7.53%*              7.53%*

          Shanghai Mingjian Limited
            上海鳴澗影業有限公司                                          The PRC                  6.25%*              6.25%*

          Showtime Analytics Limited                            Ireland                 10.60%*          10.60%*

          Storyteller Holding Co., LLC                          USA                         5%*                5%*
                                                                                                2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT                187
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

13   INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
     (Continued)

                                                                 Place of
                                                                 business/
                                                                 region of              % of ownership interest
     Name of entity                                              incorporation             As of March 31,
                                                                                              2023           2022

     HeHe (Shanghai) Film Limited
       禾和(上海)影業有限公司                                              The PRC                     30.00%             30.00%

     Wuhan Two Ten Culture Communication Limited
      武漢兩點十分文化傳播有限公司                                             The PRC                     17.79%*            18.00%*

     Wave Film Culture Development (Qinhuangdao) Co., Ltd.
      海浪電影文化發展(秦皇島)有限公司                                    The PRC                           22.50%                     –


     YH Entertainment Group
       樂華娛樂集團                                                    The PRC                     12.26%*            14.25%

     Joint ventures:
     Beijing Yunshangwenxin Culture Media Co., Ltd.
       北京雲尚文心文化傳媒有限公司                                            The PRC                   51.00%**            51.00%**

     Shanghai Shengtian Movie & Media Co., Ltd.
       上海晟天影視傳媒有限公司                                              The PRC                   60.00%**            60.00%**

     Sparkling Fish (Suzhou) Technology Co., Ltd.
       閃閃魚(蘇州)科技有限公司                                             The PRC                     43.75%             43.75%

     Oriental Wenyun (Beijing) Culture Technology
       Co. Ltd.
       東方文韻(北京)文化科技有限公司                                          The PRC                     40.00%             40.00%

     Kunshan Digital Dream Workshop Film and Television
       Culture Industry Co., Ltd.
       昆山數字夢工廠影視文化產業有限公司                                The PRC                              35.00%                     –

     *     Although the Group holds less than 20% of the equity shares of these investees, the Group can exercise
           significant influence over the investees by virtue of its contractual right to appoint director to the board of
           Directors of the investees and has the power to participate in the key financial and operating decisions of the
           investees. As such, the investment in these investees were accounted for using the equity method.

     **    Although the Group holds more than 50% of the equity shares of these investees, the investments in
           these entities are accounted for as investments in joint ventures as unanimous consent is required from
           all shareholders of these entities for approving certain relevant activities according to the respective
           shareholders’ agreements of these entities.
188 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     14   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                          Furniture,
                                                      Leasehold         fittings and              Motor
                                                   improvement           equipment              vehicles             Total
                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000

          For the year ended
            March 31, 2022
          Opening net book amount                          52,809               9,304                   –            62,113
          Additions                                         9,431               4,766              1,165             15,362
          Disposals                                             –              (4,060)              (302)            (4,362)
          Disposal of subsidiaries                            (751)              (123)                 –               (874)
          Depreciation charge                              (39,092)            (2,044)               (144)          (41,280)
          Impairment                                        (7,607)                 –                   –            (7,607)


          Closing net book amount                          14,790               7,843                719             23,352


          At March 31, 2022
          Cost                                            173,850            141,296               3,828            318,974
          Accumulated depreciation                       (126,118)          (131,893)             (3,109)          (261,120)
          Impairment                                      (32,942)            (1,560)                  –            (34,502)


          Net book amount                                  14,790               7,843                719             23,352


          For the year ended
            March 31, 2023
          Opening net book amount                          14,790               7,843                719             23,352
          Additions                                         2,401               6,736                436              9,573
          Disposals                                        (2,194)             (1,148)                 –             (3,342)
          Depreciation charge                              (7,372)             (4,441)              (253)           (12,066)


          Closing net book amount                            7,625              8,990                902             17,517


          At March 31, 2023
          Cost                                            171,440            143,459               4,264            319,163
          Accumulated depreciation                       (130,873)          (132,909)             (3,362)          (267,144)
          Impairment                                      (32,942)            (1,560)                  –            (34,502)


          Net book amount                                    7,625              8,990                902             17,517


          Note:

          During the year ended March 31, 2023, depreciation charge of RMB12,066,000 (2022: RMB41,280,000) has been
          charged to ‘Administrative expenses’ and no depreciation charge (2022: nil) was charged to ‘Selling and marketing
          expense’.
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT             189
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

15   GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                     Film and
                                                   television
                                                  programme Operating
                                                  production      license
                                                           and     of the
                                                  distribution ticketing Customer
                                         Goodwill      license   system relationship     Others        Total
                                         RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

     For the year ended March 31, 2022
     Opening net book amount             3,551,116     7,808      99,611     12,030        7,012    3,677,577
     Additions                                   –         –           –          –        1,173        1,173
     Amortization charge                         –         –     (10,867)    (1,775)      (1,316)     (13,958)


     Closing net book amount             3,551,116     7,808      88,744     10,255       6,869     3,664,792


     At March 31, 2022
     Cost                                3,607,047     7,808     163,000     34,300      18,828     3,830,983
     Accumulated amortization and
       impairment                          (55,931)        –     (74,256)   (24,045)     (11,959)    (166,191)


     Net book amount                     3,551,116     7,808      88,744     10,255       6,869     3,664,792


     For the year ended March 31, 2023
     Opening net book amount             3,551,116     7,808      88,744     10,255        6,869    3,664,792
     Additions                                   –         –           –          –          285          285
     Amortization charge                         –         –     (10,867)    (1,775)      (1,569)     (14,211)


     Closing net book amount             3,551,116     7,808      77,877      8,480       5,585     3,650,866


     At March 31, 2023
     Cost                                3,607,047     7,808     163,000     34,300      19,113     3,831,268
     Accumulated amortization and
       impairment                          (55,931)        –     (85,123)   (25,820)     (13,528)    (180,402)


     Net book amount                     3,551,116     7,808      77,877      8,480       5,585     3,650,866


     During the year ended March 31, 2023, amortization charge of RMB14,211,000 (2022:
     RMB13,958,000) was charged to ‘Administrative expenses’.
190 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     15   GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

          For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life have
          been allocated to several CGUs which are grouped in three segments, including several subsidiaries in
          the content segment, the technology segment and IP merchandising and commercialization segment.
          The following is a summary of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life allocation for
          each operating and reportable segment:

                                                                                                  As of March 31,
                                                                                                            2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000

          Goodwill
          – Technology                                                                                   2,837,458
          – Content                                                                                        463,751
          – IP merchandising and commercialization                                                         249,907
          Intangible assets with indefinite useful life
          – Content                                                                                          7,808


                                                                                                         3,558,924


                                                                                                   As of March 31,
                                                                                                             2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000

          Goodwill
          – Technology                                                                                   2,837,458
          – Content                                                                                        463,751
          – IP merchandising and commercialization                                                         249,907
          Intangible assets with indefinite useful life
          – Content                                                                                          7,808


                                                                                                         3,558,924
                                                                                      2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT           191
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

15   GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

     Impairment review on the goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful life of the Group was
     conducted by management as of March 31, 2023 according to HKAS 36 “Impairment of assets”. For
     the purposes of impairment review, the recoverable amount of the CGUs is determined based on VIU.

     The VIU calculations use cash flows projections based on financial budget prepared by management
     covering a five-year period. Major underlying assumptions adopted as of March 31, 2023 are
     summarized below:

                                                                                        IP merchandising
                                                                                                    and
                                                      Technology               Content commercialization

     Pre-tax discount rates                         23.6%~25.8%          24.8%~26.3%                  26.1%
     Long-term growth rate                                 2.5%                 2.5%                   2.5%

     Other key assumptions for the VIU calculations relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which
     include forecasted revenue, gross margin, gross merchandise value (“GMV”) and the ratio of market
     promotion expenses to GMV, such estimation is based on the past performance of the CGUs and
     management’s expectations for the market development.

     Based on above assessment, during the year ended March 31, 2023, no impairment was recognized for
     the goodwill (2022: nil).


16   LEASE

     (a)   Amounts recognized in the balance sheet

           The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                       As of March 31,      As of March 31,
                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

           Right-of-use assets
           Buildings                                                           115,016              144,869
           Equipment                                                               493                3,174


                                                                               115,509              148,043


           Lease liabilities
           – Current                                                            27,201               30,639
           – Non-current                                                       118,566              137,231


                                                                               145,767              167,870


           Additions to the right-of-use assets for the year ended March 31, 2023 were RMB9,763,000
           (2022: RMB28,557,000).
192 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     16   LEASE (Continued)

          (b)    Amounts recognized in the statement of profit or loss

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2023           2022
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

                Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 8)                     32,309           41,395
                Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note 10)                          8,388           11,553
                Rental expense for short-term and low-value leases (Note 8)              1,226              660

                The total cash outflow for leases for the year ended March 31, 2023 was RMB33,176,000 (2022:
                RMB49,546,000).


          (c)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for

                The Group leases various operating properties, equipment and offices. Rental contracts are
                typically made for fixed periods of 2 to 20 years.


     17   INVESTMENT PROPERTY

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2023           2022
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

          Opening net book amount                                                       21,400           22,562
          Depreciation charge                                                           (1,162)          (1,162)


          Closing net book amount                                                       20,238           21,400


          Cost                                                                          23,240           23,240
          Accumulated depreciation                                                      (3,002)          (1,840)


          Net book amount                                                               20,238           21,400
                                                                                         2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT              193
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

18   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

     (a)   Classification of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

           The Group classifies the following financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:

           •      debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortized cost or FVOCI,
                  and

           •      equity investments for which the entity has not elected to recognize fair value gains and
                  losses through OCI.

           Financial assets measured at FVTPL include the following:

                                                                                      As of March 31,
                                                                                        2023          2022
                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

           Non-current assets
           Unlisted investments                                                       700,927          1,272,547
           Listed investment                                                           59,394             45,138


                                                                                      760,321          1,317,685


     (b)   Amounts recognized in profit or loss

           During the year, the following (losses)/gains were recognized in the consolidated statements of
           profit or loss:

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2023           2022
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

           Fair value gain on investments in wealth management products
             (Note 3.3 and 7)                                                              63                 75
           Fair value gains on structured deposits (Note 3.3 and 7)                     8,700                  –
           Fair value (loss)/gain on unlisted investments (Note 3.3 and 7)           (239,316)           320,587
           Fair value gain/(loss) on listed investment (Note 7)                        14,064           (121,012)


     (c)   Risk exposure and fair value measurements

           Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in Note 3.1. For information
           about the methods and assumptions used in determining fair value please refer to Note 3.3.
194 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     19   FILM AND TV RIGHTS AND INVESTMENTS

                                                    As of March 31,
                                                      2023          2022
                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

          Film and TV rights
          – Production completed                     131,774      88,766
          – Production yet to be completed         1,659,319   1,638,963


                                                   1,791,093   1,727,729


          Film and TV investments, at fair value
          – Current                                  43,568       13,000
          – Non-current                             141,375      204,067


                                                    184,943      217,067


                                                   1,976,036   1,944,796
                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT           195
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

19   FILM AND TV RIGHTS AND INVESTMENTS (Continued)

     Movements of film and TV rights and investments are as below:

                                                                              Film and TV
                                                               Film and      investments,
                                                               TV rights      at fair value        Total
                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000

     For the year ended March 31, 2022
     Opening net book amount                                  1,221,485           305,426       1,526,911
     Additions                                                2,135,101            13,000       2,148,101
     Recognized as an expense included in cost of sales
       and services                                           (1,488,142)                –     (1,488,142)
     Change in fair value of film and TV investments                   –           79,192          79,192
     Impairment loss                                             (53,974)               –         (53,974)
     Refund of investment                                         (1,415)               –          (1,415)
     Disposal                                                    (81,952)               –         (81,952)
     Derecognition                                                     –         (178,414)       (178,414)
     Currency translation differences                             (3,374)          (2,137)         (5,511)


     Closing net book amount                                  1,727,729           217,067       1,944,796


     For the year ended March 31, 2023
     Opening net book amount                                  1,727,729           217,067       1,944,796
     Additions                                                1,648,184                 –       1,648,184
     Recognized as an expense included in cost of sales
       and services                                          (1,317,938)                 –     (1,317,938)
     Change in fair value of film and TV investments                  –            73,787          73,787
     Impairment loss                                            (58,052)                –         (58,052)
     Refund of investment                                        (2,863)                –          (2,863)
     Disposal                                                  (207,756)                –        (207,756)
     Derecognition                                                    –          (109,407)       (109,407)
     Currency translation differences                                1,789          3,496           5,285


     Closing net book amount                                  1,791,093           184,943       1,976,036


     During the year ended March 31, 2023, management of the Group considered the expected future
     income of certain film and TV copyrights could not recover the respective carrying amounts and an
     impairment charge of RMB58,052,000 (2022: RMB53,974,000) was recognized as cost of sales and
     services.
196 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     20   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

          The Group holds the following financial instruments:

                                                                              As of March 31,
                                                                                2023          2022
                                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000

          Financial assets
          Financial assets at amortized cost
          – Trade receivables (Note 21)                                      1,454,256   1,674,738
          – Other receivables (excluding non-financial assets)               1,212,541   1,240,048
          – Cash and cash equivalents (Note 23)                              3,919,526   3,538,214
          – Restricted cash (Note 23)                                            2,139      18,677
          – Bank deposits with the maturity over one year (Note 23)            300,880           –
          Film and TV investments, at fair value (Note 19)                     184,943     217,067
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Note 18)      760,321   1,317,685


                                                                             7,834,606   8,006,429


          Financial liabilities
          Financial liabilities at amortized cost
          – Borrowings                                                               –       9,375
          – Trade and other payables (excluding non-financial liabilities)    846,573      958,253
          – Lease liabilities (Note 16)                                       145,767      167,870
          Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss           13,050            –


                                                                             1,005,390   1,135,498
                                                                                                 2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT              197
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

21   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, AND PREPAYMENTS

                                                    As of March 31, 2023                   As of March 31, 2022
                                               Current Non-current         Total      Current Non-current          Total
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

     Trade receivables (Note a)
     – Related parties (Note 32(b))            942,431            –      942,431    1,170,109            –     1,170,109
     – Third parties                           627,036            –      627,036      652,250            –       652,250
     Less: allowance for impairment of
       trade receivables (Note 3.1)           (115,211)           –     (115,211)    (147,621)           –      (147,621)


     Trade receivables – net                  1,454,256           –    1,454,256    1,674,738            –     1,674,738


     Prepaid film deposits (Note b)                   –      49,796       49,796      10,000        38,500       48,500
     Other prepayments                          73,551            –       73,551      83,922             –       83,922
     Other receivables arising from
       (Note c):
       – Receivables from related parties
           (Note 32(b))                         61,549            –       61,549      63,383             –       63,383
       – Loan receivables (Note d)             768,319     147,960       916,279     126,769       700,000      826,769

       – Receivables in relation to other
           film and TV investments             344,420            –      344,420     368,865             –      368,865

       – Receivables in respect of
            reimbursement of distribution
            expenses                           155,206            –      155,206     213,919             –      213,919
       – Deductible VAT input                  138,466            –      138,466      98,126             –       98,126
       – Interest income receivables            31,975            –       31,975      80,328             –       80,328
       – Deposits receivables                   12,398            –       12,398      17,436             –       17,436
       – Refund receivable in relation to
            the restructuring of an
            associate                                 –           –            –      38,883             –       38,883
       – Others                                106,560       24,355      130,915     111,720        20,489      132,209
     Less: allowance for impairment of
              prepayments and other
              receivables (Note 3.1)          (440,201)           –     (440,201)    (341,744)    (160,000)     (501,744)


     Other receivables and prepayments
       – net                                  1,252,243    222,111     1,474,354     871,607       598,989     1,470,596


     Total trade and other receivables, and
       prepayments                            2,706,499    222,111     2,928,610    2,546,345      598,989     3,145,334
198 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     21   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, AND PREPAYMENTS (Continued)

          The fair values of the current portion of trade and other receivables approximate their carrying value.

          Notes:

          (a)      Trade receivables

                   The normal credit period granted to the debtors of the Group is generally within 1 year. Before accepting
                   any new debtor, the Group assesses the potential debtor’s credit quality and defines credit limits by debtor.
                   Credit limits granted to debtors are reviewed regularly.

                   The following is an aging analysis of trade receivables based on recognition date:

                                                                                                      As of March 31,
                                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

                   0 – 90 days                                                                          697,032         891,276
                   91 – 180 days                                                                         67,150          243,470
                   181 – 365 days                                                                       140,693          143,960
                   Over 365 days                                                                        664,592          543,653


                                                                                                   1,569,467           1,822,359


                   Information about the impairment of trade receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit risk and foreign
                   currency risk can be found in Note 3.1.

          (b)      Prepaid film deposits

                   These prepaid film deposits as of March 31, 2023 represented the prepayments made by the Group to Mr.
                   Wong Kar Wai pursuant to film rights purchase agreement, Mr Xu Hong Yu and Mr Zhang Yi Bai pursuant to
                   their respective film cooperation agreements, and Ruyi Films pursuant to film rights investment agreement.

          (c)      Other receivables

                   These balances generally arose from transactions surrounding the operating activities of the Group. The non-
                   current other receivables are due for repayment within 1 to 2 years from the balance sheet date.

                   Note 3.1 sets out information about the impairment of other receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit
                   risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk.

                   The loan receivable due from Skillgreat Limited is denominated in US$ as mentioned below in Note d, which
                   is different from the functional currency and has foreign currency risk. Except that, all of other receivables
                   are denominated in the functional currency of the Group’s subsidiaries. As a result, there is no significant
                   exposure to foreign currency risk.
                                                                                                  2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT                 199
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

21   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, AND PREPAYMENTS (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (d)    Loan receivables

            In February 2019, the Group lent RMB700,000,000 to Huayi Brothers Media Corporation (“Huayi Brothers”),
            a third party independent of the Company and its connected persons, which bears an interest rate at the
            People’s Bank of China 5-year base lending rate with a maturity of 5 years. The loan receivable is secured by
            pledge of equity interest in a subsidiary of Huayi Brothers, rights to receive investment return under a fund
            invested by Huayi Brothers, certain properties held by two major shareholders of Huayi Brothers, as well as
            unlimited joint and several guarantees provided by two major shareholders of Huayi Brothers. As of March
            31, 2023, the loan receivable was reclassified to current assets.

            During the year ended March 31, 2020, one of the pledged assets was changed from rights to receive
            investment return under a fund invested by Huayi Brothers to a property held by Huayi Brothers.

            In October 2019, the Group lent US$19,512,000 to Skillgreat Limited, a third party independent of the
            Company and its connected persons, which bears an interest at 3% per annum with a maturity of 3 years.
            The loan receivable is secured by pledge of certain properties held by the related parties of Skillgreat Limited.
            In October 2022, the Group agreed to defer the settlement period for US$7,437,000 and US$12,075,000 to
            October 2023 and October 2025 respectively. Therefore, the amount of US$12,075,000 was treated as non-
            current assets as of March 31, 2023.

            In December 2022, the Group lent RMB64,170,000 to Beijing Bona Film Base Investment Management
            Co., Ltd., a company 100% controlled by a major shareholder of Bona Film, was regarded as a third party
            independent of the Company and its connected persons, which bears an interest at 3% per annum with a
            maturity of 3 years. The loan receivable is secured by pledge of a certain property.


22   INVENTORIES

                                                                                               As of March 31,
                                                                                                 2023          2022
                                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

     Merchandise                                                                                38,744               17,831


     The cost of goods recognized as cost of sales amounted to approximately RMB98,245,000 for the year
     ended 31 March 2023 (2022: RMB56,975,000).


23   CASH AND BANK BALANCE

     (a)    Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                               As of March 31,
                                                                                                 2023          2022
                                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

            Cash and deposits at banks and other financial institution                       3,919,526           3,538,214
200 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     23   CASH AND BANK BALANCE (Continued)

          (a)   Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

                As of March 31, 2023, the Group had placed deposits amounted to RMB184,285,000 (2022:
                RMB226,884,000) in online payment platform accounts managed by Alipay.com Co., Ltd.
                (“Alipay”, a related company of Alibaba Holding) in connection with the provision of online and
                mobile commerce and related services, which were recorded as ‘cash and cash equivalents’ in
                the consolidated balance sheets.

                The deposits at banks earn interests at floating rates based on prevailing market rates.


          (b)   Restricted cash

                                                                                        As of March 31,
                                                                                          2023          2022
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000

                Restricted cash                                                            2,139             18,677


                As of March 31, 2023, the cash equivalents placed in payment platform, including those in
                restricted cash, amounting to RMB2,139,000 (2022: RMB18,677,000) represent restricted funds
                in bank accounts and restricted cash placed in Alipay, a related company of Alibaba Holding.


          (c)   Bank deposits with the maturity over one year

                                                                                        As of March 31,
                                                                                          2023          2022
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000

                Bank deposits with the maturity over one year                           300,880                    –


                Bank deposits with the maturity over one year are bank deposits with original maturity for three
                years. The effective interest rate for the bank deposits with the maturity over one year was
                3.30% for the year ended March 31, 2023.


          (d)   Currency denomination

                                                                                        As of March 31,
                                                                                          2023          2022
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000

                RMB                                                                   3,101,496            2,498,633
                US$                                                                   1,106,007              996,544
                HK$                                                                      15,042               61,714


                                                                                      4,222,545            3,556,891
                                                                                   2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT             201
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

24   SHARE CAPITAL

     Ordinary shares of HK$0.25 each, issued and fully paid:

                                                                Number of
                                                                   shares         Share capital
                                                                                HK$’000       RMB’000

     At March 31, 2021                                   26,834,946,210        6,708,737        5,424,523
     Exercise of share options under share option
        scheme                                                   1,840,200           460              382
     Issuance of shares under share award scheme               138,953,746        34,738           28,071


     At March 31, 2022                                   26,975,740,156        6,743,935        5,452,976


     At March 31, 2023                                   26,975,740,156        6,743,935        5,452,976


25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT

     During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, share-based payment expenses recognized in the
     consolidated statements of profit or loss included:

                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                    March 31,
                                                                                   2023           2022
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000

     Share-based payment under the Share Option Scheme (Note a)                  21,076           21,619
     Share-based payment under the Share Award Scheme (Note b)                  115,309          125,272
     Share-based payment transactions with ultimate parent (Note c)              67,818                –


                                                                                204,203          146,891


     (a)   Share option scheme

           The 2012 share option scheme (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”) was adopted by the Company
           pursuant to a resolution passed by the Company’s shareholders on June 11, 2012 for the
           primary purpose of providing incentives or rewards to any director, employee and other eligible
           participants who may make contribution to the Group. The 2012 Share Option Scheme has been
           terminated, and the 2021 share option scheme has been adopted on September 6, 2021. All
           outstanding options granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme remain valid upon expiry of
           the 2012 Share Option Scheme.

           The maximum aggregate number of shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all
           outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2012 Share Option Scheme and
           any other share option schemes, must not exceed 30% of the total number of shares of the
           Company in issue from time to time.
202 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

          (a)   Share option scheme (Continued)

                The fair values of the options granted pursuant to the 2012 Share Option Scheme during the
                year ended March 31, 2023 are as below:

                Where the options are forfeited prior to the vesting date due to a failure by the employee to
                satisfy the service conditions, any expenses previously recognized in relation to such options are
                reversed on the effective date of the forfeiture. No further adjustments should be made after the
                vesting date, regardless of whether the options are forfeited later.

                There are no options granted during the year ended March 31, 2023.

                At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options
                that are expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the estimates during the
                vesting period, if any, is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, with a
                corresponding adjustment to the share option reserve.

                The vesting condition of the granted options during the year ended March 31, 2023 is a service
                time and the vesting period ranges from 4 to 6 years.

                Movements of the share options granted by the Company pursuant to the 2012 Share Option
                Scheme are as below:

                                                      For the year ended                    For the year ended
                                                        March 31, 2023                       March 31, 2022
                                                    Weighted                              Weighted
                                                      average                               average
                                                exercise price                        exercise price
                                                   in HK$ per       Number of            in HK$ per        Number of
                                                 share option share options            share option     share options

                At beginning of the year                 1.220      239,785,600               1.236      261,538,100
                Granted                                      –                –               1.066       16,725,000
                Exercised                                    –                –               1.022       (1,840,200)
                Lapsed                                   1.275      (54,848,000)              1.275      (36,637,300)
                Cancelled                                1.212     (171,462,600)                  –                –


                At ending of the year                    1.102        13,475,000              1.220      239,785,600


                Note:

                For the ended March 31, 2023, value of employee services provided under the Share Option Scheme
                recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss was RMB21,076,000 (March 31, 2022:
                RMB21,619,000).
                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT            203
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

     (a)   Share option scheme (Continued)

           Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following grant dates, expiry dates
           and exercise prices:

                                                              Exercise price     Number of share options
                                                                 in HK$ per
           Grant date              Expiry date                 share option          As of March 31,
                                                                                      2023           2022

           January 28, 2015        January 27, 2025                    1.670               –       600,000
           April 13, 2016          April 12, 2026                      1.880               –     5,200,000
           June 3, 2016            June 2, 2026                        1.860               –       450,000
           December 24, 2017       December 23, 2027                   1.276               –     6,200,000
           January 18, 2018        January 17, 2028                    1.060      1,200,000      1,200,000
           May 21, 2018            May 20, 2028                        0.912              –     42,700,000
           September 26, 2018      September 25, 2028                  1.020              –     20,799,000
           May 31, 2019            May 30, 2029                        1.630        800,000     51,001,000
           September 23, 2019      September 22, 2029                  1.340              –     14,350,000
           January 15, 2020        January 14, 2030                    1.460              –     10,000,000
           June 5, 2020            June 4, 2030                        1.070      3,975,000     55,860,600
           September 11, 2020      September 10, 2030                  1.144              –     16,800,000
           June 11, 2021           June 10, 2031                       1.066      7,500,000     14,625,000


                                                                                 13,475,000    239,785,600


           The period within which the share options must be exercised shall not be more than 10 years
           from the date of grant. The options outstanding as of March 31, 2023 had a weighted average
           remaining contractual life of 7 years (2022: 7 years).


     (b)   Share Award Scheme

           On December 30, 2016 (the ”Adoption Date”), the Company adopted the Share Award Scheme
           as approved by the Board of Directors. The purpose of the Share Award Scheme is to (a)
           recognize the contributions by certain persons, including employees of the Group, any company
           in which a group company may have direct or indirect investment in 20% or more of its voting
           powers, Alibaba Holding and subsidiaries of Alibaba Holding to provide incentives thereto to
           retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group, and (b) attract suitable
           personnel for further development of the Group.

           The Group has established Share Award Trust to hold and administer the Company’s shares
           before they are vested and transferred to selected grantees. Upon granting of shares to selected
           grantees, the awarded shares are either subscribed by the allotment and issuance of new shares
           of the Company or purchased from the open market by the Share Award Trust (with funds
           provided by the Company by way of settlement or otherwise contributed by the Company).
204 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

          (b)   Share Award Scheme (Continued)

                Subject to any early termination determined by the Board of Directors, the Share Award Scheme
                shall be valid and effective for a term commencing on the Adoption Date and ending on the
                earliest of the following:

                (a)    the 15th anniversary date of the Adoption Date,

                (b)    the date when an order for the winding-up of the Company is made or a resolution is
                       passed for the voluntary winding-up of the Company, or

                (c)    the date as may be informed by the Company that the Share Award Scheme shall be
                       terminated.

                As of March 31, 2023, the remaining life of the Share Award Scheme was approximately 9 years.

                The Board of Directors shall not make any further award which will result in the aggregate
                number of shares awarded by the Board of Directors or held by the Share Award Trust under
                the Share Award Scheme to be in excess of 2% of the issued share capital of the Company from
                time to time. The maximum number of shares (including both vested and non-vested shares)
                which may be awarded to a selected grantee under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed
                1% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.

                The Share Award Trust shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares held by it
                under the Share Award Scheme. Dividends declared for any shares held by the Share Award
                Trust shall become part of the trust fund for future purchase of shares.
                                                                                                2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT               205
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

     (b)   Share Award Scheme (Continued)

           Movements of the awarded shares granted by the Company pursuant to the Share Award
           Scheme are as below:

                                                  For the year ended                        For the year ended
                                                    March 31, 2023                            March 31, 2022
                                                Weighted                                  Weighted
                                                  average                                    average
                                             exercise price     Number of              exercise price      Number of
                                                    in HK$       awarded                      in HK$        awarded
                                                 per share         shares                  per share           shares

           At beginning of the year                     1.207       305,075,251                 1.319        292,369,426
           Granted (Note)                               0.671       199,008,604                 1.024        173,223,746
           Vested                                       1.179      (106,673,452)                1.247        (94,217,675)
           Lapsed                                       1.024       (38,765,246)                1.165        (66,300,246)


           At ending of the year                        0.938       358,645,157                 1.207        305,075,251


           Note:

           For the newly granted shares during the year ended March 31, 2023, the vesting condition is service time
           and the vesting period ranges from 4 to 6 years.

           The fair value of restricted shares charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss was
           RMB115,309,000 during the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: RMB125,272,000).
206 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     25   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)

          (c)    Share-based payment transactions with ultimate parent

                 On September 29, 2022, the Company and Alibaba Holding entered into a framework
                 agreement relating to equity-based compensation (“EBC”) cost allocation and reimbursement
                 (the “Framework Agreement”). As each of Alibaba Holding and the Company is committed to
                 allow internal transfers between the Group and Alibaba Holding, its subsidiaries and affiliates
                 (other than the Group) (the “Alibaba Holding Entities”, each an “Alibaba Holding Entity”) when
                 equity-based awards are vital to attract, incentivize and retain employees, each of them agreed
                 to enter into the Framework Agreement, allowing the grantees to retain their awards after the
                 internal transfers and allocating their EBC costs to the relevant entity to which such grantee has
                 joined.

                 In respect of the restricted share units, options or any other equity incentive awards of Alibaba
                 Holding Entities pursuant to their respective equity inventive plans and/or any other EBC plans
                 (the “Alibaba Holding Group Awards”) held by any grantees (whose employment is transferred
                 from an Alibaba Holding Entity to a Group Entity), Alibaba Holding may allocate the EBC costs
                 associated with those unvested Alibaba Holding Group Awards to the Company and subject to
                 relevant adjustments upon vesting, the Company may reimburse Alibaba Holding the amount
                 in respect of the relevant vested Alibaba Holding Group Awards. The cost allocation from
                 Alibaba Holding to the Company was treated as share-based payment transactions with Alibaba
                 Holding and the related share-based payment expenses were to be recognized in profit or
                 loss over the remaining vesting periods of the share-based compensation in accordance with
                 ‘HKFRS 2 – Share-based payment’. The Company recognized share-based payment expenses of
                 RMB67,818,000 for Alibaba Holding Group Awards for the year ended March 31, 2023, with
                 a net amount of RMB1,542,000 to be reimbursed by the Company to Alibaba Holding as of
                 March 31, 2023, after offsetting any payment payable to each other pursuant to the Framework
                 Agreement.

                 In respect of the awarded shares, options or any other equity incentive awards of the Group
                 pursuant to its share award scheme(s), share option scheme(s) and any other EBC plans (the
                 “Group Awards”) held by any grantees (whose employment is transferred from a Group Entity
                 to an Alibaba Holding Entity), the Company may allocate the EBC costs associated with those
                 unvested Group Awards to Alibaba Holding and subject to relevant adjustments upon vesting,
                 Alibaba Holding may reimburse the Company the amount in respect of the relevant vested
                 Group Awards. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the related share-based compensation
                 recognized in relation to the cost allocation above and the corresponding amount derecognized
                 in other reserve amounted to RMB10,216,000.


     26   RESERVES

          As of March 31, 2023, the Group’s retained earnings included PRC subsidiaries’ statutory surplus
          reserve of RMB53,215,000(2022: RMB51,564,000).

          In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC, certain Group’s PRC subsidiaries shall
          set aside 10% of its profit after income tax (based on the PRC statutory financial statements and after
          offsetting accumulated losses from prior years) for the statutory surplus reserve fund (except where the
          reserve balance has reached 50% of the registered capital).
                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT           207
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

26   RESERVES (Continued)

     In addition, in accordance with the Law of the PRC on Enterprises with Foreign Investments,
     appropriation from net profits (based on the PRC statutory financial statements after offsetting
     accumulated losses from prior years) should be made by the Group’s wholly owned foreign subsidiaries
     in the PRC to their respective reserve funds. The percentage of net profit to be appropriated to the
     reserve fund is not less than 10% of the net profit. When the balance of the reserve fund reaches 50%
     of the registered capital, such transfer need not be made.

     The statutory surplus reserves and the reserve funds can be used to make up for the loss or increase
     the paid in capital after approval from the appropriate authorities and are not distributable as cash
     dividends.


27   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES, AND ACCRUED CHARGES

                                                                                    As of March 31,
                                                                                      2023          2022
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

     Trade payables (Note a)
     – Related parties (Note 32(c))                                                  52,229           77,075
     – Third parties                                                                313,744          311,837


                                                                                    365,973          388,912


     Other payable and accrued charges:
     Amounts due to related parties (Note 32(c))                                     58,950           63,754
     Payables in relation to distribution of films                                  195,690          250,654
     Payroll and welfare payable                                                    152,514          102,885
     Accrued marketing expense                                                      101,293          107,133
     Other tax payable                                                               84,484           58,783
     Amounts received on behalf of cinema ticketing system providers                 44,265           53,176
     Professional fees payable                                                       11,725           21,922
     Deposit from customers                                                           7,624            9,104
     Amounts received on behalf of cinemas                                            3,020            1,161
     Consideration payable for acquisition of a subsidiary                                –            3,000
     Others                                                                          58,033           59,437


                                                                                    717,598          731,009


     Total trade and other payables, and accrued charges                          1,083,571        1,119,921


     The carrying amounts of trade and other payables are considered to approximate their fair values, due
     to their short-term nature or interest-bearing nature.
208 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     27   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES, AND ACCRUED CHARGES (Continued)

          Note:

          (a)     Trade payables

                  As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the aging analysis of the trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                   As of March 31,
                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

                  0 – 90 days                                                                     267,893             278,179
                  91 – 180 days                                                                    44,818              71,373
                  181 – 365 days                                                                   25,398              27,716
                  Over 365 days                                                                    27,864              11,644


                                                                                                  365,973             388,912



     28   DEFERRED INCOME TAX

          The analysis of deferred income tax assets and liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                 As of March 31,
                                                                                                   2023          2022
                                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000

          Deferred income tax assets                                                               14,003             13,401
          Deferred income tax liabilities                                                         (48,373)           (49,302)


          The movements in deferred income tax assets during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 are as
          follows:

                                                                                                              Advertising
                                                                                                          expenses carried
                                                                                                              over for use
                                                                                                                 in future
                                                                                                                  RMB’000

          At April 1, 2021                                                                                            11,453
          Credit to the consolidated statement of profit or loss                                                       1,948


          At March 31, 2022                                                                                           13,401


          At April 1, 2022                                                                                            13,401
          Credit to the consolidated statement of profit or loss                                                         602


          At March 31, 2023                                                                                           14,003
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             209
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

28   DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

     The movements in deferred income tax liabilities during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 are
     as follows:

                                                                                                  Changes in
                                                                                                 fair value of
                                                                                              financial assets
                                                                                                      RMB’000

     At April 1, 2021                                                                                  (62,657)
     Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss                                           13,355


     At March 31, 2022                                                                                 (49,302)


     At April 1, 2022                                                                                  (49,302)
     Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss                                              929


     At March 31, 2023                                                                                 (48,373)


     Starting from January 1, 2008, the tax law of the PRC requires payment of withholding tax upon the
     distribution of profits earned by the PRC subsidiaries to the foreign shareholders. Deferred income
     tax has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of the temporary
     differences attributable to such profits generated by subsidiaries as the Group is able to control the
     timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will
     not reverse in the foreseeable future.

     Deferred income tax assets are recognized for tax losses carried forward to the extent that realization of
     the related tax benefit through the future taxable profits is probable. As of March 31, 2023, the Group
     had tax losses of RMB3,328,097,000 (2022: RMB3,303,454,000) to carry forward, which were not
     recognized as deferred tax assets as the Directors of the Company consider that the utilization of these
     tax losses in the foreseeable future is not probable, of which an amount of RMB2,717,790,000 will
     expire through year 2023 to 2030 (2022: RMB2,786,487,000 will expire through year 2022 to 2029),
     and an amount of RMB610,307,000 (2022: RMB516,967,000) has no expiry date.


29   DIVIDEND

     The Board of Directors of the Company has resolved not to recommend the payment of a dividend for
     the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: nil).
210 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     30   CASH USED IN OPERATIONS

          (a)   Cash used in operations

                                                                                For the year ended
                                                                                     March 31,
                                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000

                (Loss)/profit before income tax                                 (279,322)      128,902

                – Depreciation of PPE and Right-of-use assets                     44,375        82,675
                – Depreciation of investment properties                            1,162         1,162
                – Amortization of intangible assets                               14,211        13,958
                – Provision for impairment of film and TV copyrights              58,052        53,974
                – (Reversal of impairment provision)/impairment provision of
                    trade and other receivables                                      (56)      176,150
                – Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                1,988           565
                – Trade and other payables written off                                 –        (6,670)
                – Dividend income                                                      –       (59,890)
                – Gains on COVID-19 rent concessions                                   –          (743)
                – Gains on disposal of subsidiaries                                    –       (27,236)
                – Share of loss of investments accounted for using the equity
                    method                                                       39,472         10,749
                – Loss on dilution of interest in associates                    130,976              –
                – Loss on disposal of an associate                                    –         (16,844)
                – Provision for impairment of investments accounted for using
                    equity method                                               127,589        218,850
                – Change in fair value of film and TV investments, recognized
                    in other losses, net                                         (73,787)       (79,192)
                – Change in fair value of investment in structured deposits       (8,700)             –
                – Change in fair value of investment in wealth management
                     products                                                        (63)           (75)
                – Change in fair value of unlisted investments                   239,316       (320,587)
                – Change in fair value of listed investment                      (14,064)       121,012
                – Interest income on loan receivables                            (28,952)       (28,239)
                – Finance income, net                                           (108,711)       (79,285)
                – Change in share-based compensation reserve under share
                    option scheme and share award scheme                        204,203        146,891
                – Provision for impairment of property, plant and equipment           –          7,607

                Changes in working capital:
                – Trade and other receivables, and prepayments                  285,518        (439,415)
                – Film and TV rights and investments                            (10,220)       (398,178)
                – Contract liabilities                                          (15,940)        125,048
                – Trade and other payables, and accrued charges                 (34,892)       (122,688)
                – Inventories                                                   (20,913)        (17,831)
                – Financial Liabilities                                          13,050               –
                – Restricted Cash                                                17,810               –


                Cash generated from/(used in) operations                        582,102        (509,330)
                                                                                                            2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT                              211
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30   CASH USED IN OPERATIONS (Continued)

     (b)   Net cash reconciliation

           An analysis of net cash as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:

                                                                                                      As of March 31,
                                                                                                        2023          2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

           Net cash
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 3,919,526                        3,538,214
           Bank deposits with the maturity over one year                                               300,880                                –
           Lease liabilities – repayable within one year                                               (27,201)                         (30,639)
           Lease liabilities – repayable after one year                                               (118,566)                        (137,231)
           Borrowings – repayable within one year                                                            –                           (9,375)

           Net cash                                                                                  4,074,639                        3,360,969

           Cash and liquid investments                                                               4,220,406                        3,538,214
           Gross debt – fixed interest rates                                                          (145,767)                        (167,870)
           Gross debt – variable interest rates                                                              –                           (9,375)

           Net cash                                                                                  4,074,639                        3,360,969


           Movements in net cash for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                                                     Liabilities from
                                                                 Other assets                                      financing activities

                                                          Investment                 Bank deposits
                                                            in wealth                     with the
                                           Cash and cash management       Structured maturity over       Lease
                                             equivalents     products       deposits     one year    liabilities        Borrowing            Total
                                                RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000

           Net cash as of April 1, 2021       3,897,802         7,000                –          –     (296,468)            (30,000)       3,578,334
           Cash flows                          (316,078)       (7,075)               –          –       48,886              20,625         (253,642)
           Foreign exchange adjustments         (43,510)            –                –          –            –                   –          (43,510)
           Other changes                              –            75                –          –       79,712                   –           79,787

           Net cash as of March 31, 2022      3,538,214             –                –          –     (167,870)             (9,375)       3,360,969


           Cash flows                           299,259           (63)          (8,700)   300,000       31,950               9,375         631,821
           Foreign exchange adjustments          82,053             –                –          –            –                   –          82,053
           Other changes                              –            63            8,700        880       (9,847)                  –            (204)

           Net cash as of March 31, 2023      3,919,526             –                –    300,880     (145,767)                   –       4,074,639
212 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     31   COMMITMENTS

          As of March 31, 2023, capital expenditure contracted for but not yet incurred by the Group amounted
          to approximately RMB572,137,000 with respect to investments in certain film and TV rights and
          investments accounted for using the equity method (2022: RMB474,846,000).


     32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          As of March 31, 2023, the Company was 50.0007% owned by Ali CV. The ultimate parent of the
          Company is Alibaba Holding, a company whose shares are listed on New York Stock Exchange and
          Hong Kong Stock Exchange and incorporated in Cayman Islands.

          Save as disclosed elsewhere in this consolidated financial statements, the following transactions were
          carried out with related parties:


          (a)    Transactions with related parties


                                                                                             For the year ended
                                                                                                  March 31,
                                                                                                 2023           2022
                                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000

                 Sales of film and TV rights to Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries
                   (Note i)                                                                    648,680           791,899
                 Provision of services to Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries (Note i)              643,660           248,083
                 Purchase of services from Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries (Note i)             131,796            92,504
                 Share-based compensation expenses attributable to the Alibaba
                   Holding Group Awards (Note i)                                                67,818                     –
                 Purchase of services from related companies of Alibaba Holding
                   (Note i)                                                                     36,302             40,920
                 Provision of services to associates                                            34,066             61,754
                 Reimbursement amount of the Group Awards from
                   Alibaba Holding (Note i)                                                     10,216                     –
                 Purchase of services from an associate                                          5,052                     –
                 Provision of services to related companies of Alibaba Holding
                   (Note i)                                                                      1,765                     –
                 Sales of film and TV rights to an associate                                         –              3,000
                 Purchase of film and TV rights from Alibaba Holding’s
                   subsidiaries (Note i)                                                              –               943


                 In the opinion of the Directors of the Company, these related party transactions were carried
                 out in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the terms of the underlying
                 agreements.

                 Note:

                 (i)     During the year ended March 31, 2023, the above transactions constituted connected transactions
                         under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the HK Stock Exchange.
                                                                                   2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT            213
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (b)   Balances due from related parties

           As of March 31, 2023, balances due from related parties comprised:

                                                                                 As of March 31,
                                                                                   2023          2022
                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000

           Trade receivables
           Amounts due from Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries                      637,183          849,899
           Amounts due from associates                                          277,027          317,888
           Amounts due from other related companies                              25,759                –
           Amounts due from related companies of Alibaba Holding                  2,462             2,322
           Other receivables
           Amounts due from associates and joint venture                         60,671           60,591
           Amounts due from Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries                          760            2,674
           Amounts due from related companies of Alibaba Holding                    118              118


           Amounts due from related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due in accordance
           with the terms of the underlying agreements.

           As of March 31, 2023, the Group had a total amount of RMB184,285,000 (2022:
           RMB226,884,000) in the Group’s settlement accounts maintained with Alipay.com Co., Ltd (a
           related company of Alibaba Holding), which had been recorded as ‘cash and cash equivalents’ in
           the consolidated balance sheet and were the settlement amounts derived from the transactions
           between the Group and third parties.
214 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

          (c)   Balances due to related parties

                As of March 31, 2023, balances due to related parties comprised:

                                                                                      As of March 31,
                                                                                        2023          2022
                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

                Trade payables
                Amounts due to a related company of Alibaba Holding                    21,221           60,169
                Amounts due to Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries                          14,506           13,490
                Amounts due to other related companies                                  9,612                –
                Amounts due to associates                                               6,890            3,416
                Other payables
                Amounts due to Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries                          44,766           57,918
                Amounts due to associates                                              14,008            4,126
                Amounts due to related companies of Alibaba Holding                       176            1,710
                Contract Liabilities
                Amounts due to Alibaba Holding’s subsidiaries                           8,706                   –


                The balances due to related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due in accordance
                with the terms of the underlying agreement.


          (d)   Key management compensation

                The compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                          March 31,
                                                                                         2023           2022
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

                Salaries, allowances and other benefits                                 2,981            3,079
                Share-based payments                                                   12,359            7,960


                                                                                       15,340           11,039
                                                                                     2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT        215
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33   BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

     (a)   Balance sheet of the Company

                                                                                  As of March 31,
                                                                                    2023          2022
                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

           Assets
           Non-current assets
           Intangible assets                                                           200          200
           Investments in subsidiaries                                          17,075,981   19,700,722


                                                                                17,076,181   19,700,922


           Current assets
           Cash and cash equivalents                                               15,053       32,018


                                                                                   15,053       32,018


           Total assets                                                         17,091,234   19,732,940


           Equity and liabilities
           Equity attributable to owners of the Company
           Share capital                                                         5,452,976    5,452,976
           Reserves                                                             11,635,674   14,276,713


           Total equity                                                         17,088,650   19,729,689


           Current liabilities
           Trade and other payables, and accrued charges                             2,584        3,251


           Total liabilities                                                         2,584        3,251


           Total equity and liabilities                                         17,091,234   19,732,940


           The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on May 31, 2023
           and was signed on its behalf by:

           Fan Luyuan                                      Meng Jun
           Executive Director & Chairman                   Executive Director
216 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     33   BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
          (Continued)
          (b)   Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                        Shares held
                                                                Share     for share                         Share-based
                                                    Share redemption         award        Other Contributed compensation     Retained
                                                 premium      reserve       scheme      reserve     surplus     reserve      earnings         Total
                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

                At April 1, 2021                13,371,892        863      (264,317)         –       61,486      321,788      694,442     14,186,154
                Exercise of share options
                   under share option scheme         1,973          –             –          –            –         (794)            –         1,179
                Issuance of shares under
                   share award scheme              49,406           –       (77,477)         –            –            –             –       (28,071)
                Shares purchased for share
                   award scheme                          –          –        (9,489)         –            –            –             –        (9,489)
                Shares vested under share
                   award scheme                          –          –      117,526           –            –     (117,526)            –             –
                Value of employee services
                   provided under share
                   option scheme and share
                   award scheme                          –          –             –          –            –      146,891             –      146,891
                Loss for the year                        –          –             –          –            –            –       (19,951)     (19,951)

                At March 31, 2022               13,423,271        863      (233,757)         –       61,486      350,359      674,491     14,276,713


                At April 1, 2022                13,423,271        863     (233,757)          –       61,486      350,359      674,491     14,276,713
                Exercise of share options
                   under share option scheme             –          –             –          –            –            –             –             –
                Issuance of shares under
                   share award scheme                    –          –             –          –            –            –             –             –
                Shares purchased for share
                   award scheme                          –          –        (4,473)         –            –            –             –        (4,473)
                Shares vested under share
                   award scheme                          –          –       29,339           –            –      (29,339)            –             –
                Value of employee services
                   provided under share
                   option scheme and share
                   award scheme                          –          –             –          –            –      136,385             –      136,385
                Value of employee services
                   provided in relation
                   to share-based payment
                   transactions with ultimate
                   parent                                –          –             –          –            –       67,818             –       67,818
                Value of share-based
                   compensation allocated to
                   ultimate parent                       –          –             –    (10,216)           –       10,216             –             –
                Settlement of share-based
                   compensation cost with
                   ultimate parent                       –          –             –     (4,050)           –            –             –        (4,050)
                Loss for the year                        –          –             –          –            –            –    (2,836,719)   (2,836,719)

                At March 31, 2023               13,423,271        863     (208,891)    (14,266)      61,486      535,439    (2,162,228)   11,635,674
                                                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT                         217
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34   SUBSIDIARIES

     (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at March 31, 2023:

                                          Place of                                                                   Proportion of
                                          incorporation/                                          Proportion of     equity interests
                                          registration and                     Particulars of    equity interests       held by
                                          kind of legal         Place of        issued share         held by        non-controlling
           Name                           entity                operation             capital     the Company          interests       Principal activities
                                                                                                  2023       2022    2023       2022
                                                                                                   (%)        (%)     (%)        (%)

           SAC Enterprises Limited        Hong Kong/Limited     Hong Kong            Ordinary      100       100        –          –   Provision of
                                            liability company               HK$12,607,216,223                                            management
                                                                                                                                         services to group
                                                                                                                                         companies

           Alibaba Pictures Entertainment Hong Kong/Limited     Hong Kong      Ordinary HK$1       100       100        –          –   Investment in and
             Media Limited                  liability company                                                                            production and
                                                                                                                                         distribution of
                                                                                                                                         film & TV rights

           Beijing Alibaba Pictures       PRC/Limited liability PRC         Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Film distribution,
             Culture Co., Ltd.              company                         RMB410,000,000                                                film production;
              (北京阿里巴巴影業文化                                                                                                                 performance
             有限公司) (Note ii)                                                                                                              brokerage,
                                                                                                                                          production of
                                                                                                                                          broadcasting &
                                                                                                                                          television
                                                                                                                                          programs

           Alibaba Pictures (Tianjin)     PRC/Limited liability PRC         Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Production of
             Co., Ltd                       company                         RMB165,000,000                                               broadcasting &
             (阿里巴巴影業(天津)有限                                                                                                               television
             公司) (Note ii)                                                                                                               programs

           Zhonglian Shengshi            PRC/Wholly foreign PRC             Registered Capital     100       100        –          –   Investment holding
             Culture (Beijing) Co., Ltd.   owned enterprise                 RMB100,000,000
             中聯盛世文化(北京)有限公司

           Alibaba Shouquanbao (Tianjin) PRC/Limited liability PRC          Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Advertising and sale
             Culture Communication         company                            RMB10,000,000                                              of entertainment
             Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                   related
             阿里巴巴授權寶(天津)文化                                                                                                               merchandise and
             傳播有限公司 (Note ii)                                                                                                            derivative
                                                                                                                                         products
218 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     34   SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

          (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at March 31, 2023:
                (Continued)

                                             Place of                                                                  Proportion of
                                             incorporation/                                         Proportion of     equity interests
                                             registration and                    Particulars of    equity interests       held by
                                             kind of legal        Place of        issued share         held by        non-controlling
                Name                         entity               operation             capital     the Company          interests       Principal activities
                                                                                                    2023       2022    2023       2022
                                                                                                     (%)        (%)     (%)        (%)

                Guangdong Alibaba Pictures   PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital     100       100        –          –   Supply of cinema
                 Yunzhi Software Co., Ltd.     company                          RMB10,000,000                                              ticketing and
                 廣東阿里影業雲智軟件                                                                                                                connecting
                 有限公司                                                                                                                      software systems

                Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba    PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Investment in and
                  Pictures Co., Ltd.           company                          RMB50,000,000                                              production and
                  浙江東陽阿里巴巴影業                                                                                                               distribution of film
                  有限公司 (Note ii)                                                                                                           and TV copyrights;
                                                                                                                                           investments
                                                                                                                                           management

                Zhejiang Dongyang           PRC/Limited liability PRC         Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Investment in and
                  Microcosmic Movie & Media company                           RMB150,000,000                                               production and
                  Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                distribution of film
                  浙江東陽小宇宙影視傳媒                                                                                                              and TV copyrights
                  有限公司 (Note ii)

                Beijing Fannifanni Culture   PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Production of variety
                  Media Co., Ltd.              company                           RMB1,000,000                                              shows, television
                  北京蕃尼蕃尼文化傳媒                                                                                                               programs and
                  有限公司 (Note ii)                                                                                                           short dramas for
                                                                                                                                           children

                Beijing Yulebao Movie &      PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Investment in and
                  Media Co., Ltd.              company                          RMB90,000,000                                              production and
                  北京娛樂寶影視傳媒                                                                                                                distribution of film
                  有限公司 (Note ii)                                                                                                           and TV copyrights

                Shanghai Taopiaoer           PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital     100       100        –          –   Online movie
                  Information Technology       company                          RMB64,800,000                                             ticketing agent
                  Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               & software
                  上海淘票兒信息科技                                                                                                               development
                  有限公司
                                                                                                                       2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT                          219
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34   SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

     (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at March 31, 2023:
           (Continued)

                                          Place of                                                                  Proportion of
                                          incorporation/                                         Proportion of     equity interests
                                          registration and                    Particulars of    equity interests       held by
                                          kind of legal        Place of        issued share         held by        non-controlling
           Name                           entity               operation             capital     the Company          interests       Principal activities
                                                                                                 2023       2022    2023       2022
                                                                                                  (%)        (%)     (%)        (%)

           Alibaba Pictures Media LLC     USA/Limited liability USA                      N/A      100       100        –          –   Investment in and
                                            company                                                                                     production of film
                                                                                                                                        rights

           Hangzhou Tao Piao Piao         PRC/Sino foreign     PRC         Registered Capital    96.7      96.7      3.3        3.3   Online movie
             Technology Co., Ltd.           cooperative                     US$193,191,909                                             ticketing agent
             (杭州淘票票科技
             有限公司)

           Hangzhou Xingji Movie & TV    PRC/Limited liability PRC         Registered Capital      80        80       20        20    Film screening
             Culture Co., Ltd.             company                           RMB25,390,686
             杭州星際影視文化有限公司

           Shanghai Tao Piao Piao         PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Film investment,
             Movie & TV Culture Co., Ltd. company                            RMB10,000,000                                               film distribution;
             上海淘票票影視文化                                                                                                                   ticketing agency;
             有限公司 (Note i)                                                                                                               technological
                                                                                                                                         consultation,
                                                                                                                                         technology
                                                                                                                                         transfer and
                                                                                                                                         technology
                                                                                                                                         services in the
                                                                                                                                         professional
                                                                                                                                         field of network
                                                                                                                                         technology;
                                                                                                                                         e-commerce

           Shanghai Alibaba Pictures     PRC/Limited liability PRC         Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Film investment, film
             Co., Ltd.                     company                           RMB30,000,000                                               production
             上海阿里巴巴影業
             有限公司 (Note ii)

           Beijing Blue Sky Dark Horse   PRC/Limited liability PRC         Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Film Distribution and
             Culture Media Co., Ltd.       company                            RMB3,000,000                                               Marketing
             北京藍天黑馬文化傳媒有限
             公司 (Note ii)
220 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     34   SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

          (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at March 31, 2023:
                (Continued)

                                               Place of                                                                  Proportion of
                                               incorporation/                                         Proportion of     equity interests
                                               registration and                    Particulars of    equity interests       held by
                                               kind of legal        Place of        issued share         held by        non-controlling
                Name                           entity               operation             capital     the Company          interests       Principal activities
                                                                                                      2023       2022    2023       2022
                                                                                                       (%)        (%)     (%)        (%)

                Zhongyu (Tianjin) Commercial   PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Factoring
                  Factoring Co., Ltd.            company                          RMB50,000,000
                  中娛(天津)商業保理
                  有限公司 (Note ii)

                Beijing Taoxiu New Media       PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Internet Information
                  Technology Co., Ltd.           company                           RMB5,000,000                                               services,
                  北京淘秀新媒體科技                                                                                                                   advertising and
                  有限公司 (Note ii)                                                                                                              marketing

                Cool Young Culture             PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Talent agency
                  Communication Co., Ltd.        company                          RMB50,000,000
                  酷漾文化傳播有限公司
                  (Note iii)

                Beijing Yunshangzhi Software   PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital      70        70       30        30    Software
                  Development Co., Ltd.          company                          RMB28,570,000                                              development
                  北京雲尚制軟件開發
                  有限公司

                Nanjing Pairui Cinema          PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital      55        55       45        45    Film Screening
                  Management Co., Ltd.           company                          RMB69,288,889
                  南京派瑞影院管理有限公司

                Taomailang (Beijing)           PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Computer system
                  Technology Co., Ltd            company                          RMB10,000,000                                              services
                  淘麥郎(北京)科技有限公司
                  (Note ii)

                Alibaba Pictures (Beijing)     PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Investment in and
                  Co., Ltd.                      company                          RMB30,000,000                                              production and
                  阿里巴巴影業(北京)                                                                                                                 distribution of film
                  有限公司 (Note ii)                                                                                                             and TV copyrights
                                                                                                                    2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT                         221
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34   SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

     (a)   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at March 31, 2023:
           (Continued)

                                       Place of                                                                  Proportion of
                                       incorporation/                                         Proportion of     equity interests
                                       registration and                    Particulars of    equity interests       held by
                                       kind of legal        Place of        issued share         held by        non-controlling
           Name                        entity               operation             capital     the Company          interests       Principal activities
                                                                                              2023       2022    2023       2022
                                                                                               (%)        (%)     (%)        (%)

           Aliyu (Tianjin) Culture     PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   IP-related products
             Communication Co., Ltd.     company                           RMB1,000,000
             阿鯉魚(天津)文化傳播
             有限公司 (Note ii)

           Tianjin Duanhenaqu          PRC/Limited liability PRC        Registered Capital       –          –       –          –   Sale of pop toys
             Technology Co., Ltd.        company                          RMB10,000,000
             天津端盒拿趣科技
             有限公司 (Note ii)

           Notes:

           (i)        These are subsidiaries arising from the Contractual Arrangements (Note 2.3.1(a)).

           (ii)       These are subsidiaries of the OPCOs. Pursuant to the respective Memorandum and Articles of
                      Association of these subsidiaries, the OPCOs have power to control the operating and financial affairs
                      of these subsidiaries. Accordingly, they are treated as the subsidiaries of the Company under HKFRS
                      10 and their results, assets and liabilities are consolidated with those of the Group.

           (iii)      These are subsidiaries established by Zhejiang Dongyang Alibaba Pictures Co., Ltd and Beijing Dayu
                      Happy Culture Media Co., Ltd (a subsidiary of Alibaba Holding).


           The above list includes the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the Directors
           of the Company, principally affect the results of the Group for the year or form a substantial
           portion of the assets and liabilities of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in
           the opinion of the Directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.
222 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     34   SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

          (b)   Material non-controlling interests

                The total non-controlling interests as of March 31, 2023 amounted to RMB40,376,000 (2022:
                RMB25,895,000). No subsidiary has non-controlling interests that are material to the Group.


     35   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS

          (a)   Directors’ and chief executives’ emoluments

                The remuneration of Directors and the chief executive of the Company for the year ended March
                31, 2023 is set out below:

                                                                                                          Employer’s
                                                                                                         contributions    Social
                                                                                             Allowances         to the  security
                                                                                                     and retirement        costs
                                                                                Share-based     benefits      benefit excluding
                                                           Salary Discretionary compensation     in kind      scheme retirement
                                                  Fees   (Note v)     bonuses      (Note vi) (Note viii)     (Note b)       cost     Total
                                               RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000

                Name

                Executive Directors
                Mr. Fan Luyuan (Note i)              –          –           –        2,165           –            –            –     2,165
                Mr. Meng Jun (Note ii)               –          –           –          675           –            –            –       675
                Mr. Li Jie                           –      1,764       1,100        7,106          20           41          57     10,088
                Non-Executive Director
                Mr. Liu Zheng (Note iv)              –          –           –            –           –            –            –         –
                Independent non-executive
                  Directors
                Ms. Song Lixin (Note vii)          245          –           –            –           –            –            –       245
                Mr. Tong Xiaomeng (Note vii)       297          –           –            –           –            –            –       297
                Mr. Johnny Chen (Note vii)         262          –           –            –           –            –            –       262


                                                   804      1,764       1,100        9,946          20           41          57     13,732
                                                                                                                    2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT                     223
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

35   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     (a)   Directors’ and chief executives’ emoluments (Continued)

           The remuneration of Directors and the chief executive of the Company for the year ended March
           31, 2022 is set out below:

                                                                                                              Employer’s
                                                                                                             contributions        Social
                                                                                              Allowances            to the      security
                                                                                                      and     retirement           costs
                                                                              Share-based         benefits        benefit     excluding
                                                       Salary   Discretionary compensation         in kind       scheme      retirement
                                             Fees    (Note v)      bonuses        (Note vi)    (Note viii)      (Note b)            cost      Total
                                          RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

           Name

           Executive Directors
           Mr. Fan Luyuan (Note i)              –          –              –          2,082              –               –             –      2,082
           Mr. Meng Jun (Note ii)               –          –              –            567              –               –             –        567
           Mr. Li Jie                           –      1,765         1,200           5,661             19              39            56      8,740
           Non-Executive Directors
           Mr. Xu Hong (Note iii)               –          –              –              –              –               –             –           –
           Mr. Liu Zheng (Note iv)              –          –              –              –              –               –             –           –
           Independent non-executive
             Directors
           Ms. Song Lixin (Note vii)          227          –              –              –              –               –             –        227
           Mr. Tong Xiaomeng (Note vii)       276          –              –              –              –               –             –        276
           Mr. Johnny Chen (Note vii)         243          –              –              –              –               –             –        243


                                              746      1,765         1,200           8,310             19              39            56     12,135
224 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     35   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

          (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)

                Notes:

                (i)      Except for the share-based compensation, the remaining emoluments of Mr. Fan Luyuan were paid
                         by Alibaba Group.

                (ii)     Except for the share-based compensation, the remaining emoluments of Mr. Meng Jun were paid by
                         Alibaba Group.

                (iii)    Mr. Xu Hong was appointed as non-executive director on January 17, 2020 and resigned on October
                         18, 2021. The emoluments of Mr. Xu Hong which were not included in director’s emoluments were
                         paid by Alibaba Group.

                (iv)     Mr. Liu Zheng was appointed as non-executive director on October 18, 2021. The emoluments of Mr.
                         Liu Zheng which were not included in director’s emoluments were paid by Alibaba Group.

                (v)      Salary paid to a director is generally an emolument paid or receivable in respect of that person’s
                         other services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries
                         undertakings.

                (vi)     The values of share-based compensation are based on the share based compensation recognized for
                         the year.

                (vii)    During the year ended March 31, 2023, the total remuneration paid to each of Ms. Song Lixin, Mr.
                         Tong Xiaomeng and Mr. Johnny Chen comprised director’s fee and the fee for acting as chairman
                         and/or member of the Company’s board committees.

                (viii)   Includes housing allowances and estimated money value of other non-cash benefits: car and
                         insurance premium.


                No directors of the Company waived any emoluments and no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of
                the directors of the Company as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as a compensation for
                loss of office as director during the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: nil).


          (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits

                The retirement benefits paid to Mr. Li Jie during the year ended March 31, 2023 by a defined
                benefit pension plan operated by the Group in respect of Mr. Li Jie’s services in connection with
                the management of the affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries undertaking is RMB41,000
                (2022: RMB39,000). No other retirement benefits were paid to Mr. Li Jie in respect of Mr. Li Jie’s
                other services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiary
                undertaking (2022: same).


          (c)   Directors’ termination benefits

                No payment was made to directors as compensation for early termination of the appointment
                during the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: nil).
                                                                                        2022/23 年度報告
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT             225
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

35   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ service

           No payment was made to the former employer of directors or third parties for making available
           the services as a director of the Company during the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: nil).

     (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors,
           controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors

           There were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies
           corporate by and connected entities with such directors during the year ended March 31, 2023
           (2022: nil).

     (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

           No significant transaction, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to
           which the group companies were parties and in which a director of the Company had a material
           interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the
           year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: nil).

     (g)   Directors’ emoluments

           The remuneration of Directors is set out below:

           For the year ended March 31, 2023

                                          Aggregate emoluments paid
                                          to or receivable by directors
           Aggregate emoluments paid          in respect of their other
           to or receivable by directors   services in connection with
             in respect of their services          the management of
                             as directors  the affairs of the Company                                   Total
                                RMB’000                        RMB’000                                RMB’000

                                       804                            12,928                            13,732


           For the year ended March 31, 2022

                                                Aggregate emoluments paid
                                                to or receivable by directors
              Aggregate emoluments paid             in respect of their other
              to or receivable by directors      services in connection with
                in respect of their services             the management of
                                as directors     the affairs of the Company                              Total
                                  RMB’000                           RMB’000                           RMB’000

                                       746                            11,389                            12,135
226 2022/23 年度報告
    ANNUAL REPORT


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     RESULTS

                                                           For the year ended March 31,
                                              2019          2020            2021           2022         2023
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

     Continuing operations
     Revenue                              3,033,844     2,874,694      2,858,897       3,652,170     3,520,357


     (Loss)/profit before income tax       (280,887)   (1,136,616)       (117,987)      128,902       (279,322)
     Income tax (expense)/credit            (15,063)      (29,200)            802        25,413            415


     (Loss)/profit for the period/year
       from continuing operations          (295,950)   (1,165,816)       (117,185)      154,315       (278,907)


     (Loss)/profit attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                 (253,570)   (1,150,570)        (96,311)      169,853       (291,132)
     Non-controlling interests              (42,380)      (15,246)        (20,874)      (15,538)        12,225


                                           (295,950)   (1,165,816)       (117,185)      154,315       (278,907)


     ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                    As of March 31,
                                              2019          2020            2021           2022         2023
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

     Total assets                        16,617,783    15,847,879     15,540,882      15,576,698    15,571,638
     Total liabilities                   (1,665,558)   (1,871,409)    (1,702,944)     (1,533,696)   (1,461,427)


     Total equity                        14,952,195    13,976,470     13,837,938      14,043,002    14,110,211
     Non-controlling interest               (95,752)      (78,094)       (51,617)        (25,895)      (40,376)


     Equity attributable to
       owners of the Company             14,856,443    13,898,376     13,786,321      14,017,107    14,069,835
