                                                                       Appendix 4D
                                    ASX Listing Rule 4.2A.3 Half yearly report
                                                           Half year ended 31 December 2021




For personal use only
                    CLINUVEL Pharmaceuticals Limited
                    ABN 88 089 644 119

                    Previous corresponding period: Half year ended 31 December 2020


                    Results for announcement to the market

                                                                                                                                                      ($A’000)

                        Revenues from ordinary activities                                                        Increased           56%         to      24,631

                        Profit from operating activities before tax attributable to members                      Increased           50%         to       8,726

                        Profit from ordinary activities after tax attributable to members                       decreased            10%         to       5,870

                        Net Profit for the period attributable to members                                       decreased            10%         to       5,870




                    Dividends (distribution)
                                                                                             Amount per security               Franked amount per security

                        Final dividend (prior year) *                                               2.5 ¢                              Unfranked

                        Interim dividend                                                            *Nil ¢                                 *Nil ¢

                                             *CLINUVEL PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED paid the dividend on 17 September 2021

                        Previous corresponding period (31 December 2020)                            2.5 ¢                             Unfranked

                        Record date for determining entitlements to the
                                                                                                     N/A                                   N/A
                        dividend

                        Brief explanation of any of the figures reported above and short details of any bonus or cash issue or other item(s) of importance not
                        previously released to the market:
                        * Not applicable


                    Commentary on results
                    For commentary on the results of CLINUVEL PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED please refer to the Executive
                    Summary & Key Highlights and the Review of Operations in the attached Directors’ Report. The information
                    in the Half Year Report should be read in conjunction with the details and explanations provided herewith,
                    along with the most recent Annual Report. All figures are reported in Australian dollars ($A).




                                                                                Page 1 of 23
                                                                                                                                                   Appendix 4D
                                                                                 Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    NTA BACKING
                                                                                                   Current period                  Previous corresponding period




For personal use only
                        Net tangible asset backing per ordinary security                                  $2.14                                             $1.48




                    Control gained or lost over entities having material effect
                        Name of entity (or group of entities)                                                                                                 N/A

                        Consolidated profit (loss) from continuing items after tax of the controlled entity (or groups of entities) since the
                                                                                                                                                               N/A
                        date in the current period on which control was acquired or lost

                        Date from which such profit has been calculated                                                                                       N/A

                        Profit (loss) from continuing items after tax of the controlled entity or group of entities) while controlled the
                                                                                                                                                               N/A
                        whole of the previous corresponding period




                    Dividends (in the case of a trust, distributions)
                        Date the dividend (distribution) is payable                                                                                            N/A

                        Record date determine entitlements to the dividend (distribution) (i.e. on the basis of proper instruments of
                        transfer received by 5.00pm if securities are not CHESS approved, or security holding balances established by                          N/A
                        5.00pm or such later time permitted by SCH business Rules if securities are CHESS approved)

                        If it is a final dividend, has it been declared or proposed?                                                                           N/A




                    Details of Aggregate Share of Profits (losses) of Associates
                    and Joint Venture Entities
                                                                                                                                            Previous corresponding
                        Group’s share of associates’ and joint ventures entities:                              Current period - $A’000
                                                                                                                                                    period - $A’000

                        Profit (loss) from continuing activities before tax                                                       N/A                          N/A

                        Income tax on continuing activities                                                                       N/A                          N/A

                        Profit (loss) from continuing activities after tax                                                        N/A                          N/A

                        Extraordinary items net of tax                                                                            N/A                          N/A

                        Net profit (loss)                                                                                         N/A                          N/A

                        Adjustments                                                                                               N/A                          N/A

                        Share of net profit (loss) of associates and joint venture entities                                       N/A                          N/A




                                                                                    Page 2 of 23
                                                                                                                                    Appendix 4D
                                                                  Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    CLINUVEL Pharmaceuticals Limited ABN 88 089 644 119
                    and Controlled Entities Half Year Financial Report Ended




For personal use only
                    31 December 2021
                    Directors’ report
                    Your Directors present their report on the Company and its controlled entities for the half year ended
                    31 December 2021.

                    Directors
                    The names of Directors in office at any time during or since the end of the half year are:
                    •   Dr. K. E. Agersborg;
                    •   Mr. W. Blijdorp;
                    •   Prof. J. V. Rosenfeld;
                    •   Mrs. B. M. Shanahan;
                    •   Mrs. S. E. Smith;
                    •   Dr. P. J. Wolgen.
                    Directors have been in office since the start of the financial year to the date of this report unless otherwise
                    stated.

                    Executive Summary & Key Highlights Half Year Ending 31 December 2021
                    Strategy Enables Record Operating Results
                    After the COVID-19 induced contraction of the world economy of 3.5% in 2020, the International Monetary
                    Fund (IMF) has reported world economic growth (as measured by the change in real gross domestic product)
                    recovered in 2021. A relatively brisker second half drove economic growth of 5.9% for the year. However, the
                    world economy continues to grapple with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly new variants,
                    restrictions on mobility, and vaccinating people. Lower economic growth of 4.4% is expected by the IMF in
                    2022, as higher energy prices and supply disruptions fuel inflation and uncertainty. This indicates a disrupted
                    recovery and a prolongation of challenging economic conditions.
                    CLINUVEL saw ongoing and increased demand for SCENESSE® (afamelanotide 16mg) treatment in Europe,
                    Israel and the USA throughout the half year to December 2021. Conscious of rising inflation, CLINUVEL’s
                    longstanding, prudent approach to the management of expenses continued, whilst supporting the Company’s
                    growth and expansion strategy.
                    The Group’s longstanding strategy from 2005 to the end of the 2020 financial year was to develop and
                    commercialise the lead therapy, SCENESSE® to treat the rare metabolic disorder erythropoietic protoporphyria
                    (EPP). This has resulted in a viable profit-making, dividend paying enterprise which has delivered significant
                    returns to long-term shareholders. Concurrent with the commencement of the 2021 financial year, CLINUVEL
                    outlined the development of a new multi-pronged growth and expansion strategy, based on leveraging its
                    know-how and expertise in photomedicine and the family of melanocortin peptides in the function of key
                    organs of the body, to become an integrated specialty pharmaceutical company, with a sustainable long-term
                    future.
                    CLINUVEL has been focussed on generating cash flows from its commercial operations to accumulate
                    sufficient cash reserves to self-finance its expansion strategy and at the same time to create a financial buffer
                    to manage adverse economic conditions. These cash reserves are needed to implement the strategy and
                    execute upon the following objectives:


                                                                    Page 3 of 23
                                                                                                                                  Appendix 4D
                                                                Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    • Grow commercial operations based on the pharmaceutical drug SCENESSE® for EPP patients;
                    • Develop innovative melanocortin products to treat a range of indications with an unmet medical need;




For personal use only
                    • Commercialise non-prescription healthcare solutions (dermatocosmetic products) to a wider population
                      at highest risk of skin cancers due to the long term exposure to ultra-violet (UV) and high energy visible
                      light; and
                    • Increasingly integrate critical parts of the value chain ‘in-house’.




                                                                  Page 4 of 23
                                                                                                                                   Appendix 4D
                                                                 Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    These objectives are supported by the new divisional structure, organised across a core Pharmaceuticals
                    Division, Healthcare Solutions Division, Communications, Branding & Marketing Division, and Manufacturing
                    Division, all underpinned by the Group’s Research, Development & Innovation Centre, based in Singapore.




For personal use only
                    With guidance from the Board of CLINUVEL, the Group’s strategy continues to be implemented with stable and
                    effective leadership. The benefit of CLINUVEL’s strategy formulation and execution is evident in its
                    independence at a time when many companies have been required to raise debt or equity capital to finance
                    their operations. The high commitment and discipline of the Group underpinned the record before-tax
                    company result achieved in the financial year ending 30 June 2021 and this performance trend has continued
                    with a record company before-tax result for the half year ending 31 December 2021.

                    Key Highlights
                    Reflecting the Group’s strategy, positive results were achieved in the half year to 31 December 2021:
                    • Revenues improved 56% to $24.631 million, compared to the half year to 31 December 2020, the prior
                      corresponding period (previous calendar period, or ‘pcp’);
                    • An expense result of $16.203 million, up 67% on the pcp, reflecting the Group’s expected and increased
                      investment in the expansion of its R&D and commercial activities to meet its strategic objectives;
                    • A net profit before tax of $8.726 million, up 50% on the pcp, the twelfth consecutive half year profit result
                      and a Group record for a July to December half year;
                    • A net profit after tax of $5.870 million, down 10% on the pcp. The after-tax result was influenced by an
                      income tax benefit in the pcp from bringing to account unused tax losses and which are now being
                      utilised in the current period;
                    • A 20% increase in cash held to $98.992 million, providing a solid foundation to finance further growth and
                      expansion;
                    • A balance sheet comprising no debt and net equity of $107.291 million; and
                    • Positive earnings per share of $0.119, a decrease of 11% on the pcp.


                        Consolidated Entity
                                                                            31 Dec 2021                       31 Dec 2020              Change
                        (for the 6 months ending)

                                                                                       $                                $                   %

                        Revenues                                              24,631,266                      15,743,215                  56%

                        Net Profit before income tax                           8,725,828                        5,810,821                 50%

                        Profit after income tax expense                        5,870,380                        6,487,320                -10%

                        Basic earnings per share                              11.9 cents                       13.3 cents                -11%

                        Net tangible assets backing per share                      2.144                            1.481                 45%




                                                                   Page 5 of 23
                                                                                                                                Appendix 4D
                                                              Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                           CLINUVEL's Growth in Proﬁtability




For personal use only
                           Since Launch of Commercial Operations, Half Yearly, (A$m)




                    Details of the Financial Results
                    Balance Sheet




                    One of the key objectives of the Company is to ensure its Balance Sheet is sufficiently robust to allow
                    investment in its pipeline products with a financial buffer to respond to unexpected systemic adverse
                    economic events. The Group has continued to manage cash and cash equivalents and, in doing so, is able to
                    withstand anticipated increases in short-term liabilities to support the business expansion.



                                                                Page 6 of 23
                                                                                                                                            Appendix 4D
                                                                          Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    A strong balance sheet was maintained, with net assets increasing by 9% during the reporting period. Cash,
                    trade debtors and trade creditors all trended positively. Cash and cash equivalents grew 20% over the six
                    months to 31 December 2021, from $82.69 million to $98.99 million, driven by the positive cash flows
                    generated from the Group’s commercial distribution programs in Europe, Israel, and the USA.




For personal use only
                    The seasonally-driven tapering of orders placed by European EPP Expert Centres in the weeks leading to the
                    31 December reporting date contributed towards a 37% reduction in Trade and Other Receivables when
                    compared to 30 June 2021. The lower Trade Receivables balance in December also reflects the seasonal
                    impact of lower orders in Europe in months when the risk of exposure to light sources declines. Trade and
                    other payables were successfully reduced by 21% in the same time period.
                    There was no debt or equity capital raised in the current or previous reporting period. Net tangible assets
                    increased to $2.148 per share. The current ratio as at 31 December 2021 strengthened to 15.3:1 (30 June
                    2021: 11.8:1) and the ratio of equity to assets is 92.9% (30 June 2021: 90.9%).
                    In August 2021, the Board of Directors declared an unfranked dividend of $0.025 per share, resulting in a net
                    distribution in September 2021 to shareholders and a reduction in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents of
                    $1.235 million (September 2020: $1.235 million).



                    Revenues
                    The Group achieved Total Revenues of $24.631 million for H1-FY2022, a 56% increase on the result to the
                    pcp of $15.743 million.
                    A comparison of the first half results for the 2022 and 2021 financial years on a ‘reported’ and ‘constant
                    currency’ basis is provided below in the Commercial Sales and Special Access Scheme Reimbursements
                    categories:
                                                                                                              SAS Reimbursements
                        $A million                                               Commercial Sales                                                   Total
                                                                                                               – Switzerland, Other

                        H1-FY2022 Reported                                                  22.467                            2.164               24.631

                        H1-FY2022 Constant*                                                 22.798                            2.305               25.103

                        H1-FY2021 Reported                                                  13.633                            2.110               15.743

                        % change (Constant)                                                  67.2%                             9.2%                59.5%

                        % change (Reported)                                                  64.8%                             2.6%                56.5%


                        * FY2021 revenues converted to A$ monthly at the average conversion rate of the same month used for FY2020


                    On a constant currency basis, revenue from distribution of SCENESSE® increased nearly 60% in the six
                    months to 31 December 2021 compared to the pcp. This result was driven by a combination of:
                    • Strong growth in the US commercial distribution program. The number of patients who have received the
                      drug has grown with the increase in Specialty Centers who are trained and accredited to administer
                      SCENESSE®. The number of accredited centers has risen from over 30 as at December 2020 to over 40 at
                      December 2021. In addition, the number of national and local private insurers have grown to over 100. On
                      average, each Specialty Center is treating more patients and the number and frequency of orders per site
                      has increased period-on-period. With the drug product code established in early 2021, Prior Authorization
                      approvals have been processed on a more timely basis, thus facilitating swifter access for new patients.
                      After the first full calendar year of commercial sales in the US, we can now evaluate the year-round
                      demand for SCENESSE®. The timing of orders received from Specialty centers suggests US patients are
                      demanding treatment in the cooler months when exposure to light sources generally decreases.


                                                                             Page 7 of 23
                                                                                                                                  Appendix 4D
                                                                Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    • Consistent patient demand from European EPP Expert Centres. Those EPP Expert Centres who withdrew
                      from treating patients in 2020 to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic have since returned to treat their
                      EPP patient base. Net patient numbers continue to grow in Europe, with many of the existing EPP Expert




For personal use only
                      Centres expanding their capacities to treat new patients under the post-authorisation safety study.
                      Importantly, during H1-FY2022, the Group reached a final, negotiated agreement (the second agreement
                      since 2017) with the German National Association of Statutory Health Insurance Funds (GKV-SV) for the
                      ongoing treatment and reimbursement of SCENESSE® in adult EPP patients. The agreement supports
                      CLINUVEL’s policy to charge a uniform net price for SCENESSE® across all European countries.

                    Reimbursements – Special Access Schemes
                    The distribution of SCENESSE® under Special Access Schemes continued to provide a preventative
                    treatment for adult EPP patients, primarily in Switzerland. SCENESSE® was also exceptionally supplied
                    outside Switzerland under a special access arrangement. whereby CLINUVEL received full cost
                    compensation, linked to the uniform price of SCENESSE® sold in Europe under the marketing authorisation.
                    On a constant currency basis, reimbursements from special access schemes increased 9% in the six months
                    to 31 December 2021 compared to the pcp.

                    Other Income
                    The Group recorded other income of $0.159 million. The Group’s Singapore subsidiary received a $0.21
                    million R&D grant from the Singapore Economic Development Board, awarded under their Research Incentive
                    Scheme for Companies in February 2020 to support the expansion of the Group’s Singaporean Research,
                    Development and Innovation Centre capabilities. Adjustments from foreign currency movements impacted
                    the Other Income result.

                    Interest Income
                    Interest received from funds held in bank accounts and term deposits for H1-FY2022 generated $0.139
                    million in interest income compared to $0.217 million for H1-FY2021, a 36% decrease.
                    The Group continued to sustain positive cash flows throughout the reporting period, resulting in an 29%
                    increase to its average cash and cash equivalents balances held when compared to the pcp. The increase to
                    average cash balances earning a fixed rate of interest was offset by a decline in the average interest rate of
                    52 basis points when compared to the rate earned on funds held in interest bearing accounts across the
                    prior period. The decline in average term deposit rates reflects the impact of Australian government
                    monetary policy on term deposit rates from the two rate cuts to the cash rate in the pcp.

                    Expenditures
                    The expense result of $16.203 million in the half year ended 31 December 2021 was up 67% on the pcp. The
                    increase is aligned to the Group’s growth and expansion strategy outlined in the Executive Summary and Key
                    Highlights section.
                    Commentary on specific expense categories follows.

                    Personnel
                    People and Environment is one of the Group’s five principal values which are central to all of the Group’s
                    working practices. The Group aspires to create an environment where our people able to develop and excel
                    in their careers and in turn, facilitate the growth and expansion strategy of the business. The personnel
                    expense result for H1-FY2022 was $5.105 million, a 15% increase from H1-FY2021 of $4.448 million. In H1-
                    FY2022 we expanded the size of our international teams amid an increasingly competitive global
                    employment market, with an emphasis on growing personnel resources within the Communications,
                    Branding and Marketing Division. Increased costs to source new hires also contributed to the Personnel
                    expense result which saw a total average headcount increase between the two reporting periods of nearly
                    15%.

                                                                  Page 8 of 23
                                                                                                                                  Appendix 4D
                                                                Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    Materials and Related Expenses
                    Materials and related expenses primarily reflect purchases to support the acquisition of materials used in
                    the production of finished product by the Group’s contract manufacturers and other materials purchases




For personal use only
                    related to the development programs. Expenditures on essential materials and related expenses increased
                    426%, from $0.767 million in H1-FY2021 to $4.037 million in H1-FY2022.
                    The Group engaged its contract manufacturer during the reporting period to undertake a number of batch
                    manufacturing campaigns to meet longer term commercial demand, as well as to meet the forecasted
                    clinical supply needs of the expanded R&D program. The increase in the volume of manufacturing
                    campaigns with lower than anticipated yields contributed to the significant increase in materials and related
                    expenses reported. Further campaigns to manufacture finished product are intended in the remainder of
                    FY2022 and beyond.
                    Other material and related expenses include purchases of both raw material peptide and excipient material
                    in support of the manufacturing campaigns. Other expenses in H1-FY2022 that were absent in the pcp
                    include materials and related purchases on PRENUMBRA®, the liquid drug delivery formulation of
                    afamelanotide.

                    Share Based Payment
                    The non-cash share-based payment charge increased 167% from $1.206 million in H1-FY2021 to $3.223
                    million in H1-FY2022. This is a non-cash accounting charge for share-based payments provided to the
                    Managing Director and other staff. During H1-FY2022, the Group issued 743,174 unlisted performance rights
                    to staff of the CLINUVEL group of companies and the increase in the accounting charge for share-based
                    payments reflects the recent issue of performance rights. With an expiry date of 20 November 2023, each
                    staff member who has been granted performance rights must be employed by CLINUVEL on the expiry date
                    in order to exercise those performance rights whose underlying performance conditions may have otherwise
                    been met.

                    Commercial Distribution
                    Commercial distribution expenditures ensure our product is provided to end users under Good Distribution
                    Practice and to satisfy our risk management commitments with regulatory agencies. These activities include
                    pharmacovigilance, quality systems, safety reporting, PASS Registry data capture and dossier updates.
                    For H1-FY2022, Commercial distribution expenditures increased 12% from $1.047 million in the pcp to
                    $1.176 million. The increase was impacted by an increasingly challenging global logistic environment
                    coinciding with growth in our European and US commercial distribution programs. Key factors driving this
                    result include:
                    • outbound freight and handling, distribution and manufacturing royalty expenses from higher
                      transportation volumes;
                    • increased expenditures towards data collection, handling and processing of information generated from
                      the post-authorisation safety study in Europe which forms a critical role in the risk management
                      commitments agreed with the European Medicines Agency as part of the European marketing
                      authorisation; and
                    • costs partly offset by a reduced reliance on third party providers to support pricing, market access and
                      post-marketing regulatory affairs activities.

                    Finance, Corporate and General
                    Expenditures from finance, corporate and general activities increased 12% from $0.773 million in H1-FY2021
                    to $0.868 million in H1-FY2022.
                    Finance, corporate and general expenses drive the overall internal support functions necessary to ensure the
                    execution of the multi-pronged growth strategy. The Group operates in seven different locations, with a
                    workforce across four different continents who require the infrastructure and support to execute their

                                                                  Page 9 of 23
                                                                                                                                    Appendix 4D
                                                                  Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    important functions. Examples of expenditures include IT, corporate support, audit and tax, listing and
                    registry fees, travel and short-term rents. For the current reporting period there was an increase in travel and
                    accommodation-related expenditures as personnel were increasingly free to travel, compared to the 2020
                    period where there was a near-absence of staff and Director travel. Taxation support charges and corporate




For personal use only
                    access services connected to shareholder meetings and other activities were other contributing factors to
                    the increase in this expense result.

                    Legal, Insurance and IP
                    Legal, insurance and IP-related fees increased 21% from $0.512 million in H1-FY2021 to $0.619 million in H1-
                    FY2022.
                    The Group takes out various business-related insurances as part of its overall risk management strategy and
                    throughout the 2021 period there was a hardening in the pricing of insurances across most asset classes
                    which saw increases to policy premiums. IP fees remained broadly in line with the prior period. Third party
                    legal assistance was received on a range of matters including the Group’s responses to various pricing
                    negotiations in Europe.

                    Clinical & Non-Clinical Development
                    Clinical & non-clinical development expenses reflect the direct investment of the Group in its clinical trial
                    programs targeting the expanded use of SCENESSE® beyond EPP, along with the product development
                    initiatives and paediatric alternative formulations and new products, including PRÉNUMBRA® and
                    NEURACTHEL®. This category includes analytical testing, pre-clinical and non-clinical activities.
                    Clinical and non-clinical development fees increased 55% from $0.364 million in H1-FY2021 to $0.564
                    million in H1-FY2022. The increase follows the trend since the Group announced its updated strategy in
                    October 2020 to advance its research and development initiatives, led by the VALLAURIX operations, after a
                    sustained period of focus on the commercialisation activities following European and US regulatory
                    approvals.
                    This expense result for the period was driven by:
                    • Development costs incurred towards the new dosage forms;
                    • Further pre-clinical studies to support the Group’s strategic focus to develop new and alternative
                      formulations;
                    • Clinical trial-related fees towards assessing the role of afamelanotide to protect skin and regenerate DNA
                      of the skin damaged from exposure to light;
                    • New products in development; and
                    • Regulatory-related fees to prepare dossier applications for review in new jurisdictions.

                    Depreciation and Amortisation
                    Depreciation and amortisation decreased 12%, from $0.447 million to $0.393 million. The prior period saw a
                    temporary overlap of amortisation charges for two leaseholds held concurrently as part of the expansion of
                    the Singapore laboratory facilities. In addition, gains were made from re-negotiating the right of use of long-
                    term office space at one of the Group locations.

                    Communication, Branding and Marketing
                    Communication, Branding and Marketing fees increased 4%, from $0.173 million in H1-FY2021 to $0.180
                    million in H1-FY2022.
                    The Group has invested in resources to expand its visibility and to engage with new audiences. It is building
                    a team of professionals experienced in, and capable of, expanding the Company’s reach using various media
                    tools and channels to prepare for new product launches whilst communicating the CLINUVEL brand. This
                    expense result is highlighted by increased expenditures in visual and other digital marketing initiatives, offset
                    by savings from website builds previously conducted by external parties and now brought in-house.


                                                                   Page 10 of 23
                                                                                                                                   Appendix 4D
                                                                 Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    Changes in Inventories of Raw Materials, Work in Progress and Finished Goods
                    Changes in inventories of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods represents the adjustment to
                    inventory acquisition expenditures in excess of commercial sales. For H1-FY2022, an adjustment of $0.040




For personal use only
                    million was recorded to account for a reduction in the value of inventory held since 30 June 2021, For H1-
                    FY2021, the result was a $0.028 million gain in the expense result, reflecting an increase to the value of
                    inventory held.

                    Deferred Tax Asset
                    In H1-FY2021, the Group brought to account a deferred tax asset (DTA) relating to previously unrecognised
                    prior period tax losses, resulting in a credit to income tax benefit of $0.676 million.
                    In H1-FY2022, the Group utilised carry forward tax losses in the DTA, resulting in a debit to income tax
                    expense of $2.855 million.
                    The reduction in the DTA account reflects:
                    •   the benefit received from utilising unused tax losses;
                    •   Increases in temporary differences primarily related to exchange rate movements that result in increases
                        to deferred tax liability for the business; partly offset by
                    •   the expected utilisation of unused tax losses against probable near term taxable profits.

                    Earnings per Share
                    The Group earnings per share decreased. Basic earnings per share for the period ended 31 December 2021
                    was $0.119 on a weighted average number of 49,410,338 issued ordinary shares, compared to the 31
                    December 2020 result of: $0.133 on 48,639,785 weighted average issued ordinary shares.



                    Review of Operations
                    Company Overview
                    CLINUVEL is a global specialty pharmaceutical group focused on developing and commercialising
                    treatments for patients with genetic, metabolic, systemic, and life-threatening acute disorders, as well as
                    healthcare solutions for the general population. As pioneers in photomedicine and the family of
                    melanocortin peptides, CLINUVEL’s research and development has led to innovative treatments for patient
                    populations with a clinical need for systemic photoprotection, DNA repair, repigmentation and acute or life-
                    threatening conditions who lack alternatives.
                    CLINUVEL’s lead therapy, SCENESSE® (afamelanotide 16mg), is approved for commercial distribution in
                    Europe, the USA, Israel, and Australia as the world’s first systemic photoprotective drug for the prevention of
                    phototoxicity (anaphylactoid reactions and burns) in adult patients with EPP.
                    Headquartered in Melbourne, Australia, CLINUVEL has operations in Europe, Singapore, and the USA.

                    Operational Review
                    Commercial operations in the six months to 31 December 2021 were focused on the distribution of
                    SCENESSE® for EPP patients in Europe, the USA, and Israel. This involved:
                    • Intensive liaison with porphyria treatment centres and suppliers to ensure continuous supply of the drug
                      to patients;
                    • Management of the ongoing reimbursement of the cost of treatment; and
                    • Undertaking the key data collection, compliance, and reporting activities associated with CLINUVEL’s
                      obligations under marketing approvals.




                                                                   Page 11 of 23
                                                                                                                                   Appendix 4D
                                                                 Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    European and Swiss Distribution
                    Demand for treatment continues through Expert Porphyria Centres in the European Union and Switzerland.
                    During the December 2021 half year, the Company was engaged in extensive discussions with the German




For personal use only
                    National Association of Statutory Health Insurance Funds (GKV-SV) to renew the agreement on the
                    reimbursement of the cost of treatment of SCENESSE® for EPP patients in Germany. As announced in
                    January 2022, the negotiations were successfully completed, and a new reimbursement agreement was
                    signed with the GKV-SV. The Agreement reflects trust in CLINUVEL and its transparent and equitable
                    approach to insurers and governments throughout Europe. This is a key milestone agreement for the
                    business as it ensures continuity of treatment to German EPP patients and influences insurers in other
                    countries to continue to reimburse the cost of SCENESSE® treatment.

                    US Distribution
                    CLINUVEL has built a distribution network of more than 45 Specialty Centers to provide treatment to EPP
                    patients across the USA. Over 100 national and local insurers are reimbursing the cost of treatment
                    according to individual insurance plans under Prior Authorization arrangements.

                    Distribution in Other Jurisdictions
                    Patients in Israel are being treated and we are committed to treat patients in Australia and gain regulatory
                    approvals to distribute SCENESSE® in other jurisdictions.

                    The Expanded Clinical Program
                    Having established itself as a world expert in photomedicine and melanocortin drug development, CLINUVEL
                    is conducting clinical trials to evaluate the safety and efficacy of afamelanotide for a range of patients with
                    genetic, metabolic, systemic, and life-threatening, acute disorders. The expanded clinical program
                    progressed during the December 2021 half year with key developments in individual programs reported
                    below.

                    DNA Repair Program
                    • The DNA Repair Program aims to assess the ability of afamelanotide to assist the repair of DNA of skin
                      damaged by UV radiation and visible light. This clinical focus is relevant to over two billion people
                      worldwide who have some sort of inefficiency in their natural DNA reparative processes (nucleotide
                      excision repair and basic excision repair).
                    • The initial focus of the DNA Repair Program is on patients with the rare genetic disorder xeroderma
                      pigmentosum (XP), a life-threatening disorder caused by an inability to repair UV-provoked DNA skin
                      damage.
                    • Considerable work was undertaken on preparations to commence the first global study in XP. This work
                      culminated in the announcement early in September 2021 that all necessary regulatory and ethics
                      committee approvals to commence a new study had been granted.
                    • The Company announced in October 2021 that the world first study (CUV156) had commenced with two
                      patients with the XP-C complementation treated, with no adverse reactions reported. As this study
                      progressed, the Company has continued to prepare to commence a new study (CUV151) involving
                      disease-free volunteers of fair complexion as a control group.

                    Arterial Ischaemic Stroke (AIS)
                    • Globally, at least ten million people per annum suffer an ischaemic stroke and are ineligible for treatment
                      with existing therapies. Afamelanotide is known to offer neuroprotection and act as a potent anti-
                      oxidative hormone. The drug therapy is assessed on its ability to improve blood flow and increase the
                      delivery of oxygen and nutrients to deprived brain tissue in stroke patients.
                    • In June 2021, afamelanotide was administered to a first patient diagnosed with AIS enrolled in a world
                      first clinical trial (CUV801). In August 2021 we reported that treatment was well tolerated by three

                                                                  Page 12 of 23
                                                                                                                                   Appendix 4D
                                                                 Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                      patients who were discharged from critical care after no drug-related adverse effects were experienced.
                      COVID-19 related lockdowns subsequently delayed further progress at the treating hospital in Australia.
                    • After lockdown restrictions were removed, clinicians proceeded to treat the next three of the planned six




For personal use only
                      patients of the study. The Company announced the completion of enrolment in the CUV801 study in
                      January 2022. Importantly, no drug related adverse reactions were reported in the six patients treated.
                      The study will now be completed and data analysed, with results expected later in the year.

                    Vitiligo
                    • Vitiligo affects up to 45 million individuals worldwide, with no current approved therapy. In initial studies,
                      afamelanotide has been shown the ability to repigment vitiliginous lesions as a combination therapy.
                    • The Company continued to prepare and co-ordinate preparatory work to reach agreement with the US
                      Food and Drug Administration on the design of a new North American vitiligo study and towards the end
                      of the half year, the Company announced an agreement on the design. The focus is on patients of darker
                      skin complexion (Fitzpatrick IV-VI), for whom the need for repigmentation treatment is regarded as the
                      greatest due to visible disease causing a loss of identity. CLINUVEL will now proceed to commence a
                      study (CUV104) to assess the role of afamelanotide as a monotherapy to repigment the skin and improve
                      the quality of life of patients.

                    Other Programs
                    A range of other research and development programs are underway and are mentioned below to round-out
                    the expansive pipeline of pharmaceutical products:
                    • the development of a paediatric formulation of afamelanotide for EPP patients under 18 years of age;
                    • the variegate porphyria (VP) program, a related indication to EPP, with a clinical study (CUV040) to be
                      progressed when all requisite approvals and clinical support is confirmed;
                    • work on the requisite ethics committee and regulatory approvals needed to progress a further clinical
                      indication;
                    • ongoing development of PRÉNUMBRA®, a liquid formulation of afamelanotide for flexible treatment
                      options in a range of indications;
                    • the development of topical formulations of melanocortins for a range of indications and target users; and
                    • the development and application of NEURACTHEL®, a novel formulation of the melanocortin
                      adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), for neurological, endocrinological and degenerative disorders, to
                      be announced.

                    The Healthcare Solutions Division
                    The Healthcare Solutions Division is working to translate the accumulated technological know-how and
                    expertise in chemistry, dosage forms and melanocortins built over two decades of research and
                    development to the general population in need of protection and regeneration from exposure to UV and high
                    energy visible light. The focus in the half year to December 2021 was to progress the development of the
                    first non-prescription, dermatocosmetic product and the distribution and marketing arrangements to target
                    individuals in need. This work establishes infrastructure to engage relevant audiences and launch the first
                    polychromatic product in 2022.

                    Other Activities
                    The Company held the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in virtual format on 10 November 2021. A
                    record number of shareholders voted on the resolutions of the Meeting which were all voted in accordance
                    with the Directors’ recommendations. The Chair and Managing Director presented to the Meeting and the
                    Board of Directors answered shareholder questions.
                    An Operations Update, two Investor Webinars and a Strategic Update were issued during the six months to
                    31 December 2021 and CLINUVEL also presented at key conferences, specifically the H. C. Wainwright

                                                                  Page 13 of 23
                                                                                                                                 Appendix 4D
                                                               Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    Global Investment Conference, the Morgans Value in the Vines Conference and the Jefferies London
                    Healthcare Conference. This trend continued in 2022 with a presentation to the H. C. Wainwright Bioconnect
                    Conference in January.




For personal use only
                    All the Company’s announcements and key media interviews during this period are available on the
                    CLINUVEL website, with other updates available on the CLINUVEL News website.
                    Included in this document is the Half Year Report Appendix 4D, together with the Financial Report, this
                    Directors’ Report and Declaration and Audit Independent Review Report relating to the half year ended 31
                    December 2021.
                    This Half Year Report forms part of this announcement to the Australian Securities Exchange Limited and
                    should be read in conjunction with CLINUVEL’s Annual Report for the year ended 30 June 2021.



                    Auditor Independence Declaration
                    The independence declaration of our auditor as per section 307C of the Corporations Act is attached and
                    forms part of the Directors’ Report.
                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors made pursuant to section 306(3) of the
                    Corporations Act 2001.




                    Dr Philippe Wolgen
                    Managing Director
                    Dated this 23rd day of February 2022




                                                                 Page 14 of 23
                                                                                                                                                                          Collins Square, Tower 5
                                                                                                                                                                          727 Collins Street
                                                                                                                                                                          Melbourne VIC 3008

                                                                                                                                                                          Correspondence to:
                                                                                                                                                                          GPO Box 4736
                                                                                                                                                                          Melbourne VIC 3001

                                                                                                                                                                          T +61 3 8320 2222
                                                                                                                                                                          F +61 3 8320 2200
                                                                                                                                                                          E info.vic@au.gt.com




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                          W www.grantthornton.com.au

                Independent Auditor’s Review Report
                To the Members of Clinuvel Pharmaceuticals Limited
                Report on the review of the half-year financial report


                   Conclusion

                   We have reviewed the accompanying half-year financial report of Clinuvel Pharmaceuticals Limited (the Company) and its
                   subsidiaries (the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021, and the
                   consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
                   consolidated statement of cash flows for the half year ended on that date, a description of accounting policies, other
                   selected explanatory notes, and the directors’ declaration.

                   Based on our review, which is not an audit, we have not become aware of any matter that makes us believe that the
                   accompanying half-year financial report of Clinuvel Pharmaceuticals Limited does not comply with the Corporations Act
                   2001 including:

                   (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2021 and of its performance for the half
                   year ended on that date; and

                   (b) complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.




                   Basis for Conclusion

                   We conducted our review in accordance with ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by the Independent
                   Auditor of the Entity. Our responsibilities are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Review of the
                   Financial Report section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the auditor independence
                   requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                   Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code)
                   that are relevant to our audit of the annual financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical
                   responsibilities in accordance with the Code.



                Directors’ responsibility for the half-year financial report

                The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the half-year financial report that gives a true and fair view
                in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the
                Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the half-year financial report that gives a true and fair view and is
                free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.




                Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd ACN 130 913 594                                                                                                            www.grantthornton.com.au
                a subsidiary or related entity of Grant Thornton Australia Ltd ABN 41 127 556 389

                ‘Grant Thornton’ refers to the brand under which the Grant Thornton member firms provide assurance, tax and advisory services to their clients
                and/or refers to one or more member firms, as the context requires. Grant Thornton Australia Ltd is a member firm of Grant Thornton International
                Ltd (GTIL). GTIL and the member firms are not a worldwide partnership. GTIL and each member firm is a separate legal entity. Services are
                delivered by the member firms. GTIL does not provide services to clients. GTIL and its member firms are not agents of, and do not obligate one
                another and are not liable for one another’s acts or omissions. In the Australian context only, the use of the term ‘Grant Thornton’ may refer to
                Grant Thornton Australia Limited ABN 41 127 556 389 and its Australian subsidiaries and related entities. GTIL is not an Australian related entity to
                Grant Thornton Australia Limited.

                Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                Auditor’s responsibility

                Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the half-year financial report based on our review. We conducted our review in




For personal use only
                accordance with Auditing Standard on Review Engagements ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by the
                Independent Auditor of the Entity, in order to state whether, on the basis of the procedures described, we have become aware
                of any matter that makes us believe that the half year financial report is not in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001
                including giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2021 and its performance for the half-
                year ended on that date, and complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations
                Regulations 2001.

                A review of a half-year financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and
                accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
                conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
                would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
                opinion.




                Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd
                Chartered Accountants




                M A Cunningham
                Partner – Audit & Assurance

                Melbourne, 23 February 2022
                                                                                                                                                       Appendix 4D
                                                                                     Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                        STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                               CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                   31 December 2021            31 December 2020

                                                                                                                                     $                          $
                        Revenues

                        Commercial sales of goods                                                                           22,467,332                  13,633,153

                        Sales reimbursements                                                                                  2,163,934                  2,110,062

                        Total revenues                                                                                      24,631,266                  15,743,215

                        Interest income                                                                                        139,339                    216,707

                        Total interest income                                                                                  139,339                    216,707

                        Other Income (loss)

                        Government grants                                                                                      209,670                     83,597

                        Realised net currency gain (loss) on transactions                                                      (34,982)                    26,485

                        Unrealised loss on restating foreign currency creditors and currencies held                            (16,010)                  (550,798)

                        Total other income (loss)                                                                              158,678                   (440,716)

                        Expenses

                        Personnel-related                                                                                     5,104,904                  4,448,097

                        Materials and related expenses                                                                        4,036,712                   766,979

                        Share-based payments                                                                                  3,223,269                  1,206,309

                        Commercial distribution                                                                               1,175,653                  1,046,647

                        Finance, corporate and general                                                                         868,121                    772,726

                        Legal, insurances and IP                                                                               618,574                    511,968

                        Clinical and non-clinical development                                                                  563,977                    364,281

                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                          392,695                    447,084

                        Communication, branding and marketing                                                                  179,825                    172,534

                        Changes in inventories of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods                            39,725                    (28,240)

                        Total expenses                                                                                      16,203,455                   9,708,385

                        Profit before related income tax expenses                                                             8,725,828                  5,810,821

                        Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                          2,855,448                  (676,499)

                        Net profit for the year                                                                               5,870,380                  6,487,320


                        Other comprehensive income

                        Items that may be re-classified subsequently to profit or loss

                        Exchange differences of foreign exchange translation of foreign operations                             695,518                   (440,340)

                        Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period, net of income tax                                    695,518                   (440,340)

                        Total comprehensive income for the period                                                             6,565,898                  6,046,980


                        Basic earnings per share - cents per share                                                                11.9                        13.3

                        Diluted earnings per share - cents per share                                                              11.4                        12.7


                        This statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes to
                        the financial statements.




                                                                                         Page 17 of 23
                                                                                                                                              Appendix 4D
                                                                            Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                        STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021
                                                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                             31 December 2021               30 June 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                                                              $                            $
                        Current assets

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     98,992,349                82,690,982

                        Trade and other receivables                                                                   10,092,097                16,088,527

                        Inventories                                                                                    3,146,944                  3,186,670

                        Other assets                                                                                    879,155                       882,034

                        Total current assets                                                                         113,110,545               102,848,213



                        Non-current assets

                        Property, plant and equipment - net                                                            1,204,943                  1,384,422

                        Right-Of-Use assets - net                                                                      1,076,624                  1,218,721

                        Intangible assets - net                                                                         185,030                       185,030

                        Deferred tax assets - net                                                                        75,740                   2,931,188

                        Total non-current assets                                                                       2,542,337                  5,719,361

                        Total assets                                                                                 115,652,882               108,567,574



                        Current liabilities

                        Trade and other payables                                                                       3,762,383                  4,751,138

                        Provisions                                                                                     3,344,819                  3,697,579

                        Lease liabilities                                                                               267,060                       258,236

                        Total current liabilities                                                                      7,374,262                  8,706,953



                        Non-current liabilities

                        Lease liabilities                                                                               902,699                   1,045,236

                        Provisions                                                                                        84,586                       77,951

                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                   987,285                   1,123,187

                        Total liabilities                                                                              8,361,547                 9,830,140

                        Net assets                                                                                   107,291,335                98,737,434



                        Equity

                        Contributed equity                                                                           151,849,375               151,849,375

                        Reserves                                                                                       8,922,876                  5,017,827

                        Accumulated losses                                                                          (53,480,916)               (58,129,768)

                        Total equity                                                                                 107,291,335                98,737,434


                        This statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes to the financial statements.




                                                                              Page 18 of 23
                                                                                                                                              Appendix 4D
                                                                            Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                        STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 Foreign
                                                                                              Performance       Currency
                                                                                                    Rights    Translation       Retained              Total
                                                                           Share Capital           Reserve       Reserve        Earnings             Equity
                                                                                      $                  $             $                $                 $
                        Balance at 1 July 2020                               151,849,375          1,751,223        99,152     (81,632,944)     72,066,806

                        Issue of Share Capital under share-based payment               -                  -             -                -                 -

                        Employee share-based payment options                           -          1,196,115             -          10,194       1,206,309

                        Dividends paid                                                 -                  -             -      (1,235,266)     (1,235,266)

                        Transactions with owners                             151,849,375          2,947,338        99,152     (82,858,016)     72,037,849

                        Profit for the year                                            -                  -             -        6,487,320      6,487,320

                        Other comprehensive income:
                        Exchange differences of foreign exchange
                                                                                       -                  -     (440,340)                -      (440,340)
                        translation of foreign operations

                        Total other comprehensive income                               -                  -     (440,340)                -      (440,340)

                        Balance at 31 December 2020                          151,849,375          2,947,338     (341,188)     (76,370,696)     78,084,829



                        Balance at 1 July 2021                               151,849,375          4,343,422       674,405     (58,129,768)     98,737,434

                        Issue of Share Capital under share-based payment               -                  -             -                -                 -

                        Employee share-based payment options                           -          3,209,531             -          13,738       3,223,269

                        Dividends paid                                                 -                  -             -      (1,235,266)     (1,235,266)

                        Transactions with owners                             151,849,375          7,552,953       674,405     (59,351,296)    100,725,437

                        Profit for the year                                                                                      5,870,380      5,870,380

                        Other comprehensive income:
                        Exchange differences of foreign exchange
                                                                                       -                  -       695,518                -           695,518
                        translation of foreign operations

                        Total other comprehensive income                               -                  -       695,518                -           695,518

                        Balance at 31 December 2021                          151,849,375          7,552,953     1,369,923     (53,480,916)    107,291,335




                        This statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes to the financial statements.




                                                                              Page 19 of 23
                                                                                                                                                    Appendix 4D
                                                                                  Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                        STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                        FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021
                                                                                                                                              CONSOLIDATED




For personal use only
                                                                                                                        31 December 2021      31 December 2020
                                                                                                                                         $                      $
                        Cash flows from operating activities

                             Receipts from customers                                                                             30,905,099            17,281,031

                             GST and VAT refunds                                                                                   225,689                 22,312

                             Government grants                                                                                     210,078                 80,801

                             Interest received                                                                                     113,196                200,711

                             Payments to suppliers and employees                                                               (14,129,762)            (8,397,033)

                        Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                                      17,324,300             9,187,822

                        Cash flows from investing activities

                             Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                            (56,444)             (794,870)

                        Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                                                        (56,444)             (794,870)

                        Cash flows from financing activities

                             Repayment of borrowing and leasing liabilities                                                       (130,641)             (132,488)

                             Repayment of interest                                                                                 (17,451)              (13,439)

                             Dividends paid                                                                                     (1,235,266)            (1,235,266)

                        Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                                     (1,383,358)            (1,381,193)




                        Net increase in cash held                                                                                15,884,498             7,011,759

                        Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                                       82,690,982            66,746,521

                             Effects of exchange rate changes on foreign currency held                                             416,869              (840,183)

                        Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                                             98,992,349            72,918,097



                        This statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                    Page 20 of 23
                                                                                                                                   Appendix 4D
                                                                 Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    Notes to the condensed financial statements
                    For the Half Year Ended 31 December 2021




For personal use only
                    Statement of Accounting Policies, General Information and
                    Basis of Preparation of The Half Year Financial Report
                    The half year financial report is a general-purpose financial report prepared in accordance with the
                    Corporations Act 2001 and AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting. The half year financial report does not
                    include notes of the type normally included in an Annual Report and shall be read in conjunction with the
                    most recent annual financial report. The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the half year
                    financial report are consistent with those adopted and disclosed in the Group’s 2021 annual financial report
                    for the financial year ended 30 June 2021.

                    Contingent liabilities and assets
                    There are no known significant contingent liabilities or contingent assets as at the date of this report.

                    Dividends paid or recommended
                    A final unfranked dividend for 2021 of 2.5 cents per share was paid on 17 September 2021 and a final
                    unfranked dividend for 2020 of 2.5 cents per share was paid on 18 September 2020.

                    Earnings per Share
                    Basic Earnings per Share
                    Basic earnings per share is determined by dividing net profit after income tax attributable to members of the
                    Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average
                    number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary
                    shares issued during the year.

                    Diluted Earnings per Share
                    Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
                    into account the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                    potential ordinary shares and the weighted average number of shares assumed to have been issued for no
                    consideration in relation to dilutive potential ordinary shares.
                    Basic earnings per share were $0.119 on a weighted average number of 49,410,338 issued ordinary shares.
                    This compares with restated basic earnings per share of $0.133 as at 31 December 2020 on a weighted
                    average number of 48,639,785 issued ordinary shares.

                    Events subsequent to balance date
                    There has not been any matter that has affected, or could significantly affect, the operations of the
                    Consolidated Entity subsequent to balance date.




                                                                   Page 21 of 23
                                                                                                                                       Appendix 4D
                                                                     Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    Revenue
                    The Group’s revenue disaggregated by primary geographical markets is as follows:




For personal use only
                                              Six months to 31 December 2021                     Six months to 31 December 2020
                                                 Commercial              Sales                     Commercial                   Sales
                                                                                       Total                                                 Total
                                               sales of goods   reimbursements                   sales of goods        reimbursements

                                                       $’000             $’000         $’000              $’000                  $’000       $’000

                        Europe & USA                  22,467                93        22,560             13,633                     95     13,728

                        Switzerland, Others                 -            2,071         2,071                   -                 2,015       2,015

                        Total                         22,467             2,164        24,631             13,633                  2,110     15,743


                    The Group’s revenue disaggregated by pattern of revenue recognition is as follows: the Group recognises all
                    revenue based on a point in time.

                    Segment reporting
                    A segment is a component of the Consolidated Entity that earns revenues or incurs expenses whose results
                    are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision makers and for which discrete financial information is
                    prepared.
                    The Group has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by
                    the Chief Executive Officer (the Chief Operating Decision Maker) in assessing performance and in
                    determining the allocation of resources. The Group operates in a single operating segment, being the
                    biopharmaceutical sector, and the majority of its activities are concentrated on researching, developing and
                    commercialising a sole asset, being its leading drug candidate. Accordingly, the Group’s consolidated total
                    assets are the total reportable assets of the operating segment.
                    The Group has established entities in more than one geographical area. The non-current assets that are not
                    held within Australia are immaterial to the Group. The revenues earned from external customers by
                    geographical location is detailed above. The consolidated entity has one operating segment within the
                    definition of AASB 8 Operating Segments.

                    Share-Based Payments
                    During the reporting period, 743,174 performance rights were issued to staff of the CLINUVEL Group of
                    companies. Performance Rights were priced using either a Monte Carlo simulation pricing model for market
                    conditions, or a Binomial Options Valuation pricing model for non-market conditions, taking into account
                    factors specific to the Performance Rights Plan, such as the vesting period. For non-market conditions, the
                    value of each performance right is multiplied by the number of performance rights expected to vest to arrive
                    at a valuation. The performance rights expire the earlier of 7 years from date of grant of rights or 20
                    November 2023. Expected volatility of each right is based on the historical share price for the approximate
                    length of time for the expected life of the rights. The exercise conditions are non-marketable. An illiquidity
                    discount was applied to the pricing model. The fair value per right at grant date varies between $18.74 and
                    $26.22.




                                                                      Page 22 of 23
                                                                                                                                  Appendix 4D
                                                                Half yearly report – Half year ended 31 December 2021 – ASX Listing Rule 4.2a.3




                    Directors’ Declaration
                    In the opinion of the Directors:




For personal use only
                    1. The financial statements and notes, of the company and of the Consolidated Entity, are in accordance
                       with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                       a) giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s financial position as at 31 December 2021 and
                          its performance for the half year ended on that date;
                       b) with Accounting Standard AASB134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations
                          2001; and
                    2. There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they
                       become due and payable.




                    This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors pursuant to section
                    303(5) of the Corporations Act 2001.




                    DR PHILIPPE WOLGEN
                    Director
                    Dated this 23rd day of February 2022




                                                                 Page 23 of 23
                                                                                                                                                                          Collins Square, Tower 5
                                                                                                                                                                          727 Collins Street
                                                                                                                                                                          Melbourne VIC 3008

                                                                                                                                                                          Correspondence to:
                                                                                                                                                                          GPO Box 4736
                                                                                                                                                                          Melbourne VIC 3001

                                                                                                                                                                          T +61 3 8320 2222
                                                                                                                                                                          F +61 3 8320 2200
                                                                                                                                                                          E info.vic@au.gt.com




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                          W www.grantthornton.com.au




                Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                To the Directors of Clinuvel Pharmaceuticals Limited


                In accordance with the requirements of section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, as lead auditor for the review of
                Clinuvel Pharmaceuticals Limited for the half-year ended 31 December 2021, I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and
                belief, there have been:

                a       no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the review; and

                b       no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review.




                Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd
                Chartered Accountants




                M A Cunningham
                Partner – Audit & Assurance

                Melbourne, 23 February 2022




                Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd ACN 130 913 594                                                                                                            www.grantthornton.com.au
                a subsidiary or related entity of Grant Thornton Australia Ltd ABN 41 127 556 389

                ‘Grant Thornton’ refers to the brand under which the Grant Thornton member firms provide assurance, tax and advisory services to their clients
                and/or refers to one or more member firms, as the context requires. Grant Thornton Australia Ltd is a member firm of Grant Thornton International
                Ltd (GTIL). GTIL and the member firms are not a worldwide partnership. GTIL and each member firm is a separate legal entity. Services are
                delivered by the member firms. GTIL does not provide services to clients. GTIL and its member firms are not agents of, and do not obligate one
                another and are not liable for one another’s acts or omissions. In the Australian context only, the use of the term ‘Grant Thornton’ may refer to
                Grant Thornton Australia Limited ABN 41 127 556 389 and its Australian subsidiaries and related entities. GTIL is not an Australian related entity to
                Grant Thornton Australia Limited.

                Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
