2024 Annual Report
$2.2 billion
Invested back into the
Canadian economy, improving
access to more affordable
food and healthcare services



25%                             60 +
Average savings by
                                New or converted hard
switching from comparable
                                discount stores
brand to no name ®



$1 billion +                    500 +
                                Carbon reduction
Value of PC Optimum™ points
                                projects completed
redeemed by customers



17 million +                    $3.9 billion
                                E-commerce revenue
Active PC Optimum™ members
                                for the year


3 million +                     60%
Prescribing services provided
                                PC Express™ delivery
by our pharmacists
                                coverage across the country


150 +                           90% +
Pharmacist-led clinics
                                Compliance achieved to
in operation
                                our 2025 target for
                                tackling plastic waste
Helping                                                            Table of Contents
                                                                    2 Our Stores, Our People,
                                                                      Our Strategy




Canadians
                                                                    4 Financial Highlights
                                                                    5 President and CEO’s Message
                                                                    6 Chairman’s Message
                                                                    8 Environmental, Social
                                                                      and Governance




Live Life Well
                                                                   10 Our Divisions
                                                        ®
                                                                   12 Our Leading Assets
                                                                   14 Corporate Governance Practices
                                                                   16 Board of Directors
                                                                   16 Leadership
                                                                   17 Financial Review




Prioritizing value in everything we do
In 2024, our focus as an organization was clear – deliver value,
in as many ways as possible, to customers in all corners of
the country. With this mandate driving our decision-making,
we came through for Canadians in a myriad of ways.
Dozens of new hard discount stores, more than $1 billion
in PC Optimum™ point awards and redemptions, refined
pricing strategies, never-before-seen promotional campaigns,
creative solutions to food waste challenges, and more –
these are just some of the strategies we leveraged in the
pursuit of our goals. In turn, our customers rewarded us
with their loyalty and trust, week after week.

All this was made possible thanks to the hard work and
passion of our 220,000 colleagues and employees, who
each play an indispensable role in delivering value to our
customers. To each and every one of you, who together
make our purpose – helping Canadians Live Life Well ® –
a reality, we express our sincere thanks and appreciation.



                                                                                          2024 ANNUAL REPORT     1
                                                                                      LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
                                                      Our Stores, Our People,
                                                      Our Strategy
                                                      Our commitment to helping Canadians Live Life Well ® factors
                                                      into how we operate our stores, pharmacies and clinics
                                                      day-to-day, how we deliver on our long-term organizational
                                                      strategy, and how we unlock value for customers in new and
                                                      unique ways.



                                                      Our strategy keeps us intently focused on the realities of today, the opportunities of
                                                      tomorrow, and the needs and expectations of consumers decades from now. Our efforts
                                                      are underpinned by a solid foundation – an energetic base of people working in great stores,
                                                      pharmacies and clinics that operate efficiently and effectively. From there, we layer on value
                                                      – everyday digital retail solutions, meaningful payment options, and outstanding loyalty
           care    ownership   respect   excellence   offerings. Increasingly we are connecting Canadians to healthcare solutions, both in our
                                                      stores and online.
                  CORE values

                                                      Retail Excellence                                                        Environment, Social and
                                                      Through disciplined execution within our                                 Governance (“ESG”)
                                                      core retail operations, and by leveraging                                We have a number of commitments
                                                      our scale and strategic assets, we are                                   within our two ESG priorities – fighting
                                                      able to grow sales, optimize gross                                       climate change and advancing social
                                                      margins, and reduce operating costs –                                    equity – that guide our support for the
                                                      all while captivating and engaging                                       communities we serve.
                                                      customers. This requires promotional
      CULTURE principles                              effectiveness, personalized value,
                                                                                                                               Fighting climate change for us means
                                                                                                                               working to help mitigate the environmental
                                                      quality service, and continued network
                                                                                                                               causes and effects of climate change
                                                      investment and optimization to not
                                                                                                                               through measures such as: reducing CO2
                                                      only meet customer needs but deliver
                                                                                                                               emissions, reaching our net-zero targets,
                                                      consistent results.
                                                                                                                               ensuring packaging compliance
                                                                                                                               in accordance with the Golden Design
                                                      Driving Business Growth
                                                                                                                               Rules, and eliminating food waste1.
                                                      We continue to invest in three targeted                                  Advancing social equity means building
                                                      growth areas to further differentiate                                    a diverse and inclusive workforce and
                                                      our portfolio of assets and generate                                     supporting the health and well-being of
                                                      competitive advantage: Loblaw Digital,                                   women and children.
                                                      Loblaw Advance™, and PC Optimum™.
                                                                                                                               Colleagues, Culture and
                                                      Investing for the Future                                                 CORE Values
                                                      Capital investments in the modernization                                 An engaged and collaborative workforce
                                                      and automation of our supply chain,                                      is key to our success, which is why
                                                      the expansion of our retail network,                                     we welcome authenticity, encourage
                                                      and the evolution of our Connected                                       strong connections, value trust, and
                                                      Healthcare strategy are all examples of                                  make daily decisions with our CORE
                                                      Loblaw investing for long-term success.                                  values – Care, Ownership, Respect,
                                                                                                                               Excellence – top of mind.


                                                      1
                                                          Plan development and processes utilized to measure progress against our targets leverage and are in accordance with
                                                          internationally recognized methodology including as set out in the Paris Agreement, which aims to limit global temperature
                                                          rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius.
2   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
    LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
Beth’s prescription
refills made easier
with PC Health™
Beth Fournier, Senior Director of Finance, quickly
became a fan of the PC Health™ app after discovering
its convenience for managing prescriptions. The app
allows users to manage both personal and family
prescriptions, book appointments with healthcare
providers, earn PC Optimum™ points for staying
                                                        Seeing the ability,
active, and even chat with pharmacists. Beth was        not the disability
particularly impressed by the auto-refill feature,
which automatically triggers prescription refills and   Jasmine Calabretta’s story highlights the importance
notifies her when they’re ready for pickup. With        of inclusive hiring practices for Loblaw. After job
over 1.1 million Canadians having activated a           hunting challenges, including filling out online
PC Health™ account, we are revolutionizing              applications where her personality couldn’t shine
healthcare management, offering a hassle-free           through, Jasmine found a welcoming, supportive
way to manage prescriptions and access                  environment at Joe Fresh®, where her skills and
healthcare advice.                                      potential were truly seen and valued. Jasmine’s
                                                        experience emphasizes that employers should truly
                                                        focus on a candidate’s abilities, not disabilities.
                                                        Individuals with disabilities such as Down
                                                        Syndrome, in Jasmine’s case, have a lot to offer
                                                        and are capable of so much more than society
                                                        often assumes. For Loblaw, fostering a diverse
                                                        and inclusive workforce enhances team dynamics,
                                                        promotes community involvement, and strengthens
                                                        the company’s commitment to opportunity for all.




                                                                                                 2024 ANNUAL REPORT     3
                                                                                             LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
       Financial Highlights

       +1.5%                        +2.4%                       -1.3%                                        +6.3%
       FOOD RETAIL                  DRUG RETAIL                 FRONT OF STORE                               PHARMACY AND
       SAME STORE SALES             SAME STORE SALES                                                         HEALTH SERVICES




       +2.5%                        31.3%                       +5.7%                                        11.5%
       REVENUE                      RETAIL SEGMENT GROSS        CONSOLIDATED                                 CONSOLIDATED ADJUSTED
       ($ millions)                 PROFIT MARGIN 1             ADJUSTED EBITDA 1                            EBITDA MARGIN 1
                                                                ($ millions)




       2022      2023     2024      2022    2023    2024        2022      2023     2024                      2022       2023    2024
       56,504    59,529   61,014    30.9%   31.0%   31.3%       6,181     6,647    7,024                     10.9%      11.2%   11.5%




       +10.3%                       +13.9%
       ADJUSTED DILUTED NET         DIVIDEND DECLARED
       EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE1   PER COMMON SHARE
       ($)                          ($)




       2022      2023     2024      2022    2023    2024    1
                                                                See the Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures section
       6.82      7.75     8.55      1.580   1.743   1.985       of the 2024 Annual Report Financial Review




4   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
    LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
President and
CEO’s Message

Dear Shareholders,
In a year marked by pronounced cost of living
challenges and economic uncertainty, our mandate
was clear: deliver value to Canadian consumers.
This had us focused on building new stores,
enhancing our approach to pricing and promotions,                                                   Per Bank
broadening our assortment, refining our customer                                                    President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                    Loblaw Companies Limited
experience, and much more.

I’m proud of what we achieved in 2024, as we pursued these goals.     Combined, these efforts helped us deliver solid financial results.
                                                                      We achieved same store sales growth of +1.5 per cent in food
We grew our overall square footage by greatly expanding our
                                                                      retail and +2.4 per cent in drug retail, with revenue of $61 billion,
store network in both hard discount and pharmacy. We opened or
                                                                      growing +2.5 per cent. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA was
converted more than 60 new Maxi® and No Frills® stores, including
                                                                      $7 billion, or +5.7 per cent. Adjusted diluted net earnings per
13 small format locations. To help increase access to healthcare,
                                                                      share were $8.55 or +10.3 per cent. For the full-year, we
we now operate more than 150 pharmacy care clinics, including
                                                                      generated $1.5 billion in free cash flow in our Retail business
21 new Shoppers Drug Mart® locations opened in 2024. We also
                                                                      and continued to return capital to shareholders by increasing
opened four new T&T ® Supermarkets, including the banner’s first
                                                                      our dividend declared per common share by 13.9 per cent
ever location in the United States.
                                                                      and by repurchasing $1.8 billion shares under a common share
Inside all of our stores, value was on display in a myriad of ways.   repurchase program. We also re-invested $2.2 billion in capital
We introduced the Hit of the Month promotional program, brought       in 2024.
national brands into our apparel departments for the first time
                                                                      Looking ahead, our distinctive banners remain committed to
ever, refined our multicultural assortment strategy, lowered prices
                                                                      delivering value to their customers, whether defined as quality,
on hundreds of everyday essentials in Shoppers Drug Mart®, and
                                                                      assortment, price, service, or some combination thereof. We
our Marvel and Cookware programs delighted customers while
                                                                      have a measured financial framework to guide our performance,
rewarding regular visits. Several of our Real Canadian Superstore®
                                                                      a strategy rooted in Retail Excellence, and 220,000 passionate
locations introduced exciting improvements to the non-food section
                                                                      colleagues and employees standing ready and willing to serve
of the store that have created a blueprint for us to follow moving
                                                                      our customers – in short, everything we need to maintain our
forward. And as always, our control brand portfolio – featuring
                                                                      solid performance in the year ahead.
iconic President’s Choice®, no name® and Life Brand™ products –
were staples of consumer baskets.

Our customers once again redeemed over $1 billion in
PC Optimum™ points in the year, and we continued to refine
the personalization that sits at the heart of the program to better
meet customer needs. We also added new digital features and
experimented with gamification in fun ways. The Swap & Save           Per Bank
feature on PC Express™ is a great example of how we used digital      President and Chief Executive Officer
tools to showcase savings for customers. Loyalty was further          Loblaw Companies Limited
supported by our suite of PC® Financial products, which now
includes the PC® Insiders World Elite Mastercard®, and the new
PC Money™ Account, with a savings account at an unbeatable
interest rate.



                                                                                                                           2024 ANNUAL REPORT     5
                                                                                                                       LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
                                  Chairman’s Message

                                  Dear Shareholders,
                                  As your Chairman, governance and oversight that
                                  represent both investors and our other stakeholders
                                  remain a constant focus as we live up to the high
                                  expectations set for our enterprise. Those include
                                  predictable financial returns, doing business
                                  responsibly, and a commitment to creating prosperity
       Galen G. Weston            in the communities we serve. That is why everything
       Chairman
       Loblaw Companies Limited
                                  Loblaw does begins with its purpose of helping
                                  Canadians Live Life Well ®.

                                  In 2024, we were pleased to see the business achieve so much in pursuit of that
                                  purpose. And, during his first full year as President and CEO, Per Bank, along
                                  with the Company’s Management Board and their teams, balanced the delivery of
                                  their annual plan while also making large strides in support of Loblaw’s long-term
                                  strategic objectives.

                                  This comes through in the pages that follow as the Company presents its
                                  consolidated financial results for 2024. Throughout, there is evidence of Loblaw’s
                                  commitment to value, efficiency, and retail excellence – all essential to effectively
                                  operate a network of over 2,800 stores, pharmacies, clinics, distribution centres,
                                  and store support offices. With a deliberate focus on lowering its cost to serve, the
                                  Company delivered its financial plan, while providing even more value to consumers
                                  amidst some of the toughest economic conditions in recent memory. In short, the
                                  strength of Loblaw’s core is driving its short-, medium-, and long-term success.

                                  That success is directly linked to the prosperity of the customers we serve. That’s
                                  why Loblaw invested over $2 billion into the Canadian economy in 2024, improving
                                  its store network while creating more than 7,500 new jobs as one of the nation’s
                                  largest private employers. And it’s why we continue to invest in our journey
                                  towards net-zero, tackling plastic waste, and sending less food waste to landfill,
                                  all to make us more resilient when facing the pressure that climate change is
                                  putting on our food systems.




6   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
    LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
At the same time, 150 pharmacy clinics are now making care more
accessible in communities that need it. And, we are supporting the health
and well-being of women and children through the Shoppers Foundation
for Women’s Health™, and by feeding more than 997,000 kids through the
President’s Choice Children’s Charity.

The Company’s 220,000 colleagues and employees feel enormous pride in
these efforts, and as we work to be the country’s most diverse and inclusive
employer, they are increasingly representative and part of the communities
they’re serving every day.

As we carry our current momentum into 2025, Loblaw’s pursuit of helping
Canadians Live Life Well ® reflects a belief that our future depends on the
prosperity of our country, while also contributing towards it, just like we’ve
done for more than a hundred years.




Galen G. Weston
Chairman
Loblaw Companies Limited




                                                                                     2024 ANNUAL REPORT     7
                                                                                 LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
                                        Environmental, Social
                                        and Governance
                                        Our purpose-led approach strongly influences our
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance priorities, guiding
                                        us as we work to fight climate change and advance
                                        social equity.



                                        Carbon Net-Zero                                                         Be Canada’s Most Diverse and
                                        • Completed more than 500 carbon                                        Inclusive Employer
                                          reduction projects1.                                                  • Exceeded our 2024 representation
                                        • Achieved a 16% reduction of Scope 1                                     goals with the exception of women
                                          and Scope 2 emissions relative to the                                   in executive positions and members
                                          2020 baseline.                                                          of visible minorities in the Board of
                                                                                                                  Directors which were within reach of
                                        Tackling Plastic Waste                                                    the goals at year end.
                                        • Achieved 90%+ compliance to our                                       • Trained 198,000 colleagues and
                                          2025 target for tackling plastic waste 2.                               employees nationally on fundamental
                                                                                                                  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion topics.
                                        Eliminating Food Waste Sent to
                                        Landfill by 2030                                                        Support the Health and
                                                                                                                Well-Being of Children and Women
                                        • Loblaw customers saved $50 million
                                          on groceries using the Flashfood                                      • Raised and donated more than
                                          app in 2024.                                                            $212 million to support research,
                                        • Diverted more than 82,500 metric                                        charities and non-profits across Canada.
                                          tonnes of food waste from landfill.                                   • Donated more than 120 million pounds
                                        • 100% of our corporate and franchise                                     of food to food charities across Canada,
                                          food stores and eligible associate-owned                                in support of Feed More Families™ since

       997,000 +                          Shoppers Drug Mart® stores reduced                                      the launch of the program in 2022.
                                          their food waste sent to landfill by actively                         • Cumulatively since 2022, the Shoppers
                                          donating to food recovery programs.                                     Foundation for Women’s Health™
       Number of kids reached through
                                                                                                                  has provided more than $34 million
       President’s Choice Children’s
                                                                                                                  in support of initiatives that improve
       Charity
                                                                                                                  women’s access to care.
                                                                                                                • Helped President’s Choice Children’s
                                                                                                                  Charity to reach more than 997,000
                                                                                                                  kids as part of their mission to tackle
                                                                                                                  childhood hunger.




                                             To demonstrate our commitment to future alignment with the International
                                             Sustainability Standards Board (“ISSB”), and to provide more timely and relevant
                                             information to our stakeholders, we are pleased to provide an early release of
                                             priority 2024 ESG disclosures at loblaw.ca/en/responsibility.



                                        1
                                          Relates to the following activities: store refrigerant conversions, store lighting upgrades, franchise store recommissioning for
                                          efficiencies and calibrations of systems, automated refrigerant leak detection, DC retrofits including lighting and refrigeration,
                                          and fleet electrification. A project is defined at the individual site or fleet vehicle level.
                                        2
                                          Compliance is relative to the in-scope Consumer Goods Forum’s Golden Design Rules for control brand and in-store plastic packaging.
8   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
    LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
                                                         Stacey diverts food
                                                         waste and saves
                                                         customers money
                                                         Stacey Ulmer, Store Manager at the Real Canadian
                                                         Superstore® in Medicine Hat, Alberta, has played
                                                         a key role in implementing the Flashfood program,
                                                         aimed at reducing food waste. Flashfood allows
Quo Beauty                                               customers to purchase fresh food at up to 50% off
                                                         through an app, helping divert food waste while
celebrated on                                            providing savings. Under Stacey’s leadership,

a global stage                                           the store has become the top Flashfood location
                                                         in Canada, saving customers over $450,000 and
                                                         diverting over 142,000 pounds of potential food
Sustainability is one of the focus areas and important
                                                         waste. Loblaw’s goal is to send zero food waste
strategic initiatives for our organization. Quo Beauty
                                                         to landfill by 2030, and Flashfood has contributed
has made a significant mark in the beauty industry
                                                         to saving more than $50 million for customers
by combining trendiness with sustainability, winning
                                                         across Canada, with over 18 million pounds of food
multiple accolades at the 2024 Global Green Beauty
                                                         waste diverted in 2024. Stacey highlights that the
Awards. Competing against 650 entries worldwide,
                                                         program benefits a wide range of people, from young
Quo Beauty won the Editor’s Choice for its Eco
                                                         individuals to families and seniors, making it a vital
Chic Brush Set and received bronze awards for
                                                         community resource.
Best Vegan Lip Oil (Shimmer Lip Oil) and Best
Vegan Blush (Quo Beauty Blush). The brand also
earned high commendations for products like the
Duo Contour Stick, Unisex Tinted Hydrator, and
pH Adjusting Lip Oil. The highlight of the year was
winning the silver award for Best Cruelty-Free Beauty
Brand, acknowledging our brand commitment to
sustainability and cruelty-free practices.




                                                                                                   2024 ANNUAL REPORT     9
                                                                                               LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
                                         Our Divisions
                                         We operate more than 2,800 stores, pharmacies and
                                         clinics across Canada, employing directly, or through
                                         our franchisees and associates, approximately 220,000
                                         Canadians in full-time and part-time positions. With 90% of
                                         Canadians living within 10 kilometres of one of our stores,
                                         we are immersed in the communities we serve, and welcome
                                         the opportunity to deliver value to our customers, ultimately
                                         helping them lead better and healthier lives.




                                                                                         With more than 1,350 associate-owned
                                         Passionate about food and about creating
                                                                                         locations, Shoppers Drug Mart®
                                         exceptional customer experiences,
                                                                                         is Canada’s leading pharmacy retailer,
                                         our Super Market division operates a
                                                                                         delivering care and wellness to millions of
                                         variety of banners – including Loblaws®,
                                                                                         Canadians weekly – in-store and virtually.
                                         Loblaw City Market ®, Your Independent
                                                                                         We operate luxury beauty retail outlets,
                                         Grocer ®, Real Atlantic Superstore®,
                                                                                         a specialty drug distribution network,
                                         Zehrs®, Provigo®, Provigo Le Marché®,
                                                                                         pharmacy services for long-term care
                                         Real Canadian Superstore®, Real Canadian
                                                                                         and retirement communities, a generic
                                         Wholesale Club®, Real Canadian
                                                                                         drug manufacturer, a unique health
                                         Liquorstore™, Fortinos® and T&T ® stores
                                                                                         app, and an electronic medical records
                                         – and ultimately helps Canadians bring
                                                                                         platform. We also own Canada’s leading
                                         the best to their tables.
                                                                                         provider of outpatient physiotherapy,
                                                                                         massage therapy, occupational therapy,
                                                                                         chiropractic, mental health, and other
                                                                                         ancillary rehabilitation services.

                                         Our Hard Discount division, which

        1 Billion +                      includes No Frills® and Maxi®, proudly
                                         offers Canadians easy and affordable
        Customer transactions annually   access to life’s necessities. With a diligent
                                         focus on value and a strong range of            PC Financial® provides unprecedented
        across grocery, pharmacy and
                                         products and assortment that flexes             value to customers, simplifying financial
        financial services
                                         based on the needs and expectations of          products to help Canadians Live Life Well ®.
                                         local demographics, our hard discount           Through the PC® Mastercard® and
                                         stores exist to help Feed Everyone.             the PC Money™ Account, more than
                                                                                         2.5 million cardholders have earned
                                                                                         millions in PC Optimum™ points to redeem
                                                                                         for beauty, groceries, gas, apparel, and
                                         Joe Fresh® provides uniquely accessible         more. In 2024 we expanded our portfolio,
                                         shopping to Canadians, mixing modern            launching a savings feature for our
                                         designs with incredible value. With             PC Money™ Account, offering our best
                                         collections for women, men and children,        everyday interest rate on savings
                                         shopping is made more convenient                balances. With our Services business,
                                         and cost-effective for the entire family.       we meet the needs of Canadians through
                                         Joe Fresh® is also proud to offer extended      The Mobile Shop™, The Gift of Choice,
                                         sizes with select women’s styles ranging        and PC® Insurance.
                                         from XS to 3X.

10   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
     LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
Changing the
way Canadians
access care
Pharmacists have become an increasingly significant
part of Canada’s healthcare delivery system. With
the ability to treat a variety of concerns - from         Embarking on an
                                                          unforgettable right-
immunizations, to pink eye, to urinary tract infections
and more - pharmacists can now provide Canadians
with access to care outside of regular doctor
hours, including on weekends. With this in mind,
                                                          hand side journey
Shoppers Drug Mart® has launched a network of
                                                          Several Real Canadian Superstore® locations have
more than 150 pharmacy care clinics across Canada,
                                                          undergone a major makeover, focusing on the “right-
making a real difference in the lives of Canadians
                                                          hand side” of select locations across Canada, which
and transforming pharmacy care by offering more
                                                          includes departments like home and entertainment,
personalized services in redesigned spaces. These
                                                          health and beauty, and more. Through the refresh,
clinics feature private rooms, child friendly areas,
                                                          we implemented new signage for easier navigation,
and care concierges to improve patient comfort
                                                          interactive displays including LEGO benches and
and experience. Even in areas without these
                                                          photo opportunities, a candy station, a dedicated
clinics, pharmacists can still assess and prescribe
                                                          kids’ corner with stationery, craft materials, and
treatments within the standard pharmacy setting.
                                                          party essentials, bold new designs to enhance the
                                                          shopping experience and an expanded pet section
                                                          featuring a broader selection of products. Though
                                                          these changes are currently in a few locations, we
                                                          plan to roll out the new experience to more areas,
                                                          aiming to create a more exciting and memorable
                                                          shopping adventure for our customers.




                                                                                                  2024 ANNUAL REPORT     11
                                                                                              LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
                                          Our Leading Assets
                                          We deliver on our purpose – to help Canadians Live Life Well ®
                                          – through an exceptional internal infrastructure, a unique and
                                          customer-centric culture, and a clear set of expectations for
                                          colleagues at all levels of the organization.



                                          Brands                                        Supply Chain
                                          Our control brands – including President’s    As one of the largest supply chain
                                          Choice®, no name®, Farmer’s Market™           networks in North America, we are
                                          and Life Brand™ – positively impact the       committed to efficiency, responsiveness,
                                          lives of consumers each day, with popular     and serving the evolving needs of our
                                          products that consistently push the           stores and customers. Continually
                                          boundaries of what is possible to elevate     adopting new technology, embracing
                                          the life experiences of Canadians.            automation, and refining our processes
                                                                                        allows us to increase our capacity,
                                          PC Optimum™                                   source with integrity, and reliably serve
                                          With over 17 million active annual members,   Canadians across the country.
                                          PC Optimum™ is unique in its reach and
                                          customer engagement. The program is           Compliance and Ethical Conduct
                                          continually refined and enhanced to provide   Loblaw is committed to conduct business
                                          our customers with greater value and the      ethically, honestly and in compliance
                                          personalization they seek.                    with the law. We ensure our colleagues
                                                                                        and employees understand and follow
                                          Technology and Analytics                      regulatory and legal obligations through
                                          Loblaw Technology and Analytics (“LTA”)       clear policies, continuous training, and
                                          department enables critical enterprise        regular communication. We empower
                                          business processes by providing               colleagues and vendors to report unethical
                                          infrastructure and technology solutions       or non-compliant behaviour using the
                                          and data and analytics products that power    Integrity Action Line (“IAL”), and we
                                          customer and patient engagement. In LTA       take action while prohibiting retaliation
                                          we help Canadians to Live Life Well ® by      against those who report in good faith.
                                          connecting them with grocery, healthcare,     Our approach creates a culture where
                                          and financial products and services through   colleagues/employees and vendors
                                          our technology and data in a relevant,        conduct themselves ethically and
                                          meaningful, seamless, responsible, and        remain compliant with applicable rules
                                          secure manner.                                and regulations.




        3
        Of the country’s top ten brands
        – President’s Choice®, no name®
        and Farmer’s Market™




12   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
     LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
                                                           Passion, spice and
                                                           everything nice
                                                           Randy Kangal, inspired by his family’s Caribbean
                                                           restaurant, founded Randy’s Roti in 2011, starting
                                                           as a food truck in Toronto. After six successful
                                                           years operating as a food truck, Randy opened a
A place to gather                                          restaurant in 2017, becoming a popular spot for West
                                                           Indian cuisine in the Greater Toronto Area. When the
The Gathering Place in Nackawic, New Brunswick,            COVID-19 pandemic hit in 2020, Randy sought new
was created to address a gap in the community –            ways to adapt, leading him to an opportunity through
a place where seniors could connect and build a            Loblaw’s partnership with the Black Business and
sense of belonging. The idea came from J-Lynn and          Professional Association (BBPA). Randy took part
John Jensen, owners of the local Your Independent          in an interactive session at Loblaw’s head office
Grocer, who recognized that seniors were looking           where colleagues could sample his products and
for more than just shopping – they needed a                offer ideas. This was Randy’s stepping stone into the
social space. The Jensens launched the project in          world of product development and becoming part
December 2022, transforming a space into a fully           of the Loblaw Small Supplier Program. His ready-
functioning centre in just three weeks. Donations          to-eat meals are now available at No Frills® stores
from local businesses, professionals, and residents        throughout Ontario and he’s always planning new
provided furniture, services, and resources to bring       exciting product launches.
the vision to life. The Gathering Place quickly became
a vital part of the community, offering daily activities
and programs like the Wheels 2 Wellness transport
service, as well as social events such as bowling,
cribbage, and ukulele sessions. The centre has
become a lifeline for many, and it now operates seven
days a week and serves 30-50 visitors daily. Through
collaboration and determination, the Jensens have
created a lasting community asset that continues to
have a profound impact on Nackawic’s seniors and
the broader community.

                                                                                                     2024 ANNUAL REPORT     13
                                                                                                 LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
                                Corporate Governance
                                Practices
                                The Board of Directors and senior executives of Loblaw
                                Companies Limited are committed to strong corporate
                                governance practices as a foundation to the effective
                                management of the Company and its achievement of
                                strategic, financial, and operational objectives.



                                The Governance Committee regularly reviews the Company’s corporate governance
                                practices to ensure they reflect evolving best practices in a rapidly changing environment.
                                The Company’s website, loblaw.ca, includes additional governance information,
                                including the Company’s Code of Conduct (the “Code”), Disclosure Policy, Majority
                                Voting Policy, position descriptions for the Chairman, President and Chief Executive
                                Officer, and its committee chairs, as well as mandates of the Board of Directors
                                (the “Board”) and its committees.



                                Director Independence                             The Board has also appointed an
                                The Canadian Securities Administrators’           independent director, William A. Downe,
                                Corporate Governance Guidelines provide           to serve as lead director. The lead director
                                that a director is independent if he or           provides leadership to the Board and
                                she has no material relationship with             particularly to the independent directors.
                                the Company or its affiliates that could          He ensures that the Board operates
                                reasonably be expected to interfere with          independently of management and
                                the exercise of the director’s independent        that directors have an independent
                                judgement. Approximately 84% (11/13)              leadership contact.
                                of the directors on the Board are
                                independent. The independent directors            Board Responsibilities and Duties
                                meet separately following each Board              The Board, directly and through its
                                meeting. Information relating to each of the      committees, supervises and oversees
                                directors, including their independence,          the management of the business and
                                committee memberships, other public               affairs of the Company. A copy of the
                                company boards on which they serve                Board’s mandate can be found on the
                                as well as their attendance record for all        Company’s website, loblaw.ca. The
                                Board and committee meetings, can be              Board reviews the Company’s strategic
                                found in the Company’s Management                 direction, assigns responsibility to
                                Proxy Circular.                                   management for the achievement of the
                                                                                  strategy, approves major policy decisions,
                                Board Leadership                                  delegates to management the authority
                                Galen G. Weston is the Chairman of                and responsibility of handling day-to-
                                the Board. The Chairman directs the               day affairs, and reviews management’s
                                operations of the Board. He chairs each           performance and effectiveness. The
                                meeting of the Board, is responsible for          Board’s expectations of management are
                                the management and effective functioning          communicated to management directly
                                of the Board generally and provides               and through committees of the Board.
                                leadership to the Board in all matters.           The Board regularly receives reports on
                                These and other key responsibilities of           the operating results of the Company as
                                the Chairman are set out in a position            well as reports on certain non-operational
                                description established by the Board.             matters, including insurance, pensions,
14   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
     LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
corporate governance, ESG, workplace           disclosure, as well as the adequacy and         ESG Governance
health and safety, legal, compliance and       effectiveness of applicable controls related    The Board oversees and monitors
treasury matters. The Board also oversees      to its ESG disclosures. In doing so, the        the Corporation’s approach, policies
the enterprise risk management (ERM)           Audit Committee reviews management’s            and practices related to ESG matters.
process, which is designed to assist           administration of the Company’s internal        Management has established an ESG
all areas of the business in managing          controls over financial reporting, disclosure   Steering Committee, comprised of senior
appropriate levels of risk tolerance           controls and procedures, internal audit         leaders, responsible for setting priorities,
by bringing a systematic approach, a           function and related party transactions.        tracking metrics and championing
methodology and tools for evaluating,          The Audit Committee also oversees               program initiatives across the Corporation.
measuring and monitoring key risks. The        procedures for the receipt, retention and       Various management committees are
results of the ERM program and other           follow-up of any complaints regarding the       responsible for setting priorities and
business planning processes are used to        Company’s accounting, internal controls         implementing and monitoring ESG-related
identify emerging risks to the Company,        and auditing matters.                           initiatives across the organization.
prioritize risk management activities and
develop a risk-based internal audit plan.      Governance, Talent and
                                               Compensation Committee
Ethical Business Conduct                       The Governance, Talent and
                                               Compensation Committee is responsible
The Code reflects the Company’s long-
                                               for the oversight of the Company’s
standing commitment to high standards
                                               governance practices, including the
of ethical conduct and business practices.
                                               development and implementation of good
The Code is reviewed annually to ensure
                                               governance principles, consistent with
it is current and reflects best practices
                                               high standards of corporate governance.
in the area of ethical business conduct
                                               The Governance, Talent and Compensation
and integrity and includes a strong “tone
                                               Committee oversees the succession
from the top” message. All directors,
                                               planning and compensation for the Board
officers, colleagues/employees and
                                               and senior management. The Chair of the
contractors of the Company are required
                                               Governance, Talent and Compensation
to comply with the Code and must
                                               Committee, who is an independent
acknowledge their commitment to abide
                                               director, has also been appointed by the
by the Code on a periodic basis. The
                                               Board to serve as lead director.
Company encourages the reporting of
violations and potential violations and        Patient Care and Quality Committee
has established an Integrity Action Line,
                                               The Patient Care and Quality Committee is
a toll-free number that any director,
                                               responsible for the oversight of the quality
officer, supplier or colleague/employee
                                               of care related to the Company’s health
may use to report conduct which he or
                                               services offerings. The Patient Care and
she feels violates the Code or otherwise
                                               Quality Committee is comprised of Board
constitutes fraudulent or unethical
                                               members and will also appoint external
conduct. A fraud reporting protocol has
                                               expert advisors to serve as non-voting
also been implemented to ensure that
                                               ex-officio members. The external experts
fraud is reported to senior management
                                               will provide industry and healthcare
in a timely manner. In addition, the Audit
                                               expertise to support the Patient Care
Committee has endorsed procedures
                                               and Quality Committee in overseeing the
for the anonymous receipt, retention
                                               quality of care.
and handling of complaints regarding
accounting, internal control or auditing       Risk and Compliance Committee
matters. These procedures are available        The Risk and Compliance Committee
on the Company’s website, loblaw.ca.           is responsible for the oversight of
                                               the Company’s legal and regulatory
Board Committees                               compliance and ethics compliance
The following is a brief summary of some       program, ERM program, ESG program,
of the responsibilities of each committee of   policy, pharmacy and drug safety
the Board.                                     matters, food safety and product safety
                                               matters, and information systems and
Audit Committee                                technology matters.
The Audit Committee is responsible for the
oversight of the integrity of the Company’s
financial statements and related public

                                                                                                                        2024 ANNUAL REPORT     15
                                                                                                                    LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
     Board                                                                                 JANICE FUKAKUSA , F.C.P.A., F.C.A.,
                                                                                           B.A., M.B.A.1, 4*
                                                                                                                                    CLAUDIA KOTCHKA , B.B.A., C.P.A.2, 4
                                                                                                                                    Corporate Director; Former Vice President,



     of Directors
                                                                                           Corporate Director; Former               Design Innovation & Strategy, Procter &
                                                                                           Chief Financial Officer and Chief        Gamble; Former Trustee, Cooper Hewitt
                                                                                           Administrative Officer, Royal Bank       Smithsonian Design Museum; Director,
                                                                                           Of Canada; Director, Cineplex Inc.,      American Red Cross, Los Angeles Region;
                                                                                           Brookfield Corporation (formerly         Former Director, American Red Cross,
                                                                                           Brookfield Asset Management Inc.),       Greater Miami and the Keys; Former
                                                                                           RioCan REIT; Chancellor, Toronto         Trustee of the Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian
                                                                                           Metropolitan University.                 Design Museum.
     GALEN G. WESTON, B.A., M.B.A.           CHRISTIE J.B. CLARK , B. COMM.,
                                                                                           M. MARIANNE HARRIS, B.Sc., J.D.,         RIMA QURESHI, B.COMM., M.B.A.1, 3
     Chairman and Former President,          M.B.A., F.C.A., F.C.P.A.1*, 4
                                                                                           M.B.A.1, 2                               Corporate Director; Former Chief Strategy
     Loblaw Companies Limited;               Corporate Director; Former Chief
                                                                                           Corporate Director; Former Managing      Officer, Verizon, Former CEO North
     Chairman and Chief Executive            Executive Officer and Senior
                                                                                           Director and President, Corporate        America, Ericsson; Director, Mastercard
     Officer, George Weston Limited;         Partner, PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                                                           and Investment Banking, Merrill Lynch    Inc.; Former Board Member, GSMA ,
     Chairman of President’s Choice Bank;    LLP; Director, Air Canada; Director,
                                                                                           Canada Inc., Former Head of Financial    Great West LifeCo, and Wolters Kluwer.
     Chairman, Wittington Investments        AtkinsRéalis Canada Inc. (formerly
                                                                                           Institutions Group Americas, Merrill
     Limited; and President of the           SNC-Lavalin Group Inc.); Former                                                        SARAH RAISS, B.S., M.B.A.2, 3*
                                                                                           Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith; Director,
     Weston Family Foundation.               Trustee, Choice Properties Real Estate                                                 Corporate Director; Former Executive,
                                                                                           George Weston Limited, Sun Life
                                             Investment Trust; Former Director,                                                     TransCanada Corporation; Lead Director,
     SCOTT B. BONHAM, B.Sc., M.B.A.  1, 2                                                  Financial Inc., Public Sector Pension
                                             Hydro One Inc., Hydro One Limited;                                                     Commercial Metals Company; Director,
     Corporate Director; Co-founder                                                        Investment Board; Former Director,
                                             Board Member, Canadian Olympic                                                         RB Global, Inc. (formerly Ritchie Bros
     of Intentional Capital Corp.;                                                         Hydro One Inc./ Hydro One Limited;
                                             Committee, Canadian Olympic                                                            Auctioneers Inc.); Former Chair, Alberta
     Former Co-Founder of GGV Capital;                                                     Former Chair, Investment Industry
                                             Foundation, Own the Podium, the                                                        Electric Systems; Former Director,
     Former Vice-President, Capital                                                        Regulatory Organization of Canada
                                             Sunnybrook Foundation.                                                                 Canadian Oil Sands Limited, Shoppers
     Group Companies; Director, The                                                        (IIROC); Member of Dean’s Advisory
                                                                                                                                    Drug Mart Corporation, Vermillion
     Bank of Nova Scotia; Board Member       DANIEL DEBOW, B.A., J.D./M.B.A., L.L.M.2, 4   Council, Schulich School of Business;
                                                                                                                                    Energy Inc.
     of Canadian Institute of Advanced       Former Vice President, Product,               Advisory Council, Hennick Centre for
     Research and the DenmarkBridge.         Shopify Inc.; Former Founder and              Business and Law.                        CORNELL WRIGHT, B.A., J.D., M.B.A.3,4
                                             Chief Executive Officer, Helpful.com;                                                  President and Director of Wittington
     SHELLEY G. BROADER, B.A.1, 3                                                          KEVIN HOLT, B.Sc.1,4
                                             Co-Founder and Former Co-Chief                                                         Investments, Limited; Director, George
     Corporate Director; Former President                                                  Corporate Director; Former Chief
                                             Executive Officer of Rypple; Founding                                                  Weston Limited, BCE, Inc.; Trustee,
     and Chief Executive Officer of Chicos                                                 Executive Officer of Ahold Delhaize
                                             team member of Workbrain.                                                              Choice Properties Real Estate Investment
     FAS, Inc.; Former President and                                                       USA; Former Chief Operating Officer
                                                                                                                                    Trust, Former Partner, Torys LLP; Board
     Chief Executive Officer of Walmart      WILLIAM A. DOWNE , C.M., M.B.A.2*             of Ahold USA; Former Chief Operating
                                                                                                                                    Chair, the National Ballet of Canada;
     EMEA Ltd. and Walmart Canada;           Corporate Director; Former Chief              Officer of Delhaize America; Former
                                                                                                                                    Trustee of University Health Network;
     Former President and Chief Operating    Executive Officer, Chief Operating            Executive Vice President of Delhaize
                                                                                                                                    and Executive in Residence at the
     Officer of The Michaels Companies,      Officer, Head of BMO Capital Markets,         Group; Former Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                    University of Toronto’s Rotman School
     Inc.; Director, IFCO Systems US LLC;    BMO Financial Group; Former Director,         of Delhaize America; Former Director,
                                                                                                                                    of Management.
     Member of the U.S. Advisory Board       Bank of Montreal and its subsidiaries,        Ahold Delhaize USA Inc. and Ahold
     of Amoobi SA; and Former Director       BMO Nesbitt Burns Holding                     Delhaize NV.; Former Director and
     of Walmart Canada Corporation and       Corporation and BMO Financial Corp.;          Vice Chair, Industry Relations of Food
                                                                                                                                    Notes
     Walmart Mexico.                         Lead Director, ManpowerGroup                  Marketing Institute.                     1
                                                                                                                                      Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                    2
                                                                                                                                      Governance, Talent and Compensation Committee
                                             Inc.; Chairman, Trans Mountain                                                         3
                                                                                                                                      Patient Care and Quality Committee
                                             Corporation; Director, Rush University                                                 4
                                                                                                                                      Risk and Compliance Committee
                                             System for Health; Board Member,
                                                                                                                                    *
                                                                                                                                      Chair of the Committee

                                             Social and Economic Policy Advisory
                                             Board, Rand Corporation.




     Leadership
     GALEN G. WESTON                         FRANK GAMBIOLI                                MARK WILSON                              MARY MACISAAC
     Chairman                                President, Super Market Division              Executive Vice President,                Executive Vice President,
                                                                                           Chief Human Resources Officer            Chief Marketing Officer
     PER BANK                                MELANIE SINGH
     President and Chief Executive Officer   President, Hard Discount Division             NICK HENN                                LAUREN STEINBERG
                                                                                           Executive Vice President,                Executive Vice President,
     RICHARD DUFRESNE                        JEFF LEGER
                                                                                           Chief Legal Officer and Secretary        Chief Digital Officer
     Chief Financial Officer                 President, Shoppers Drug Mart
                                                                                           DAVID MARKWELL                           SONJA BOCH
     ROBERT WIEBE                            TINA LEE
                                                                                           Executive Vice President,                Senior Vice President,
     Chief Administrative Officer            Chief Executive Officer,
                                                                                           Chief Technology and Analytics Officer   Strategy and Business Development
                                             T&T Supermarkets




16   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
     LOBLAW COMPANIES LIMITED
2024 Annual Report –
Financial Review
2024 Annual Report - Financial Review
Financial Highlights                               1
Management’s Discussion and Analysis              3
Financial Results                                69
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   79
Three Year Summary                               134
Glossary of Terms                                136
Financial Highlights(1)

 As at or for the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                                               2024                2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                                               (52 weeks)          (52 weeks)
 Consolidated Results of Operations
 Revenue                                                                                                   $ 61,014            $ 59,529
 Revenue growth                                                                                                  2.5 %               5.4 %
 Operating income                                                                                          $ 3,902             $ 3,704
 Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                                          7,024                6,647
 Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                                                      11.5 %               11.2 %
 Net interest expense and other financing charges                                                          $    821            $    803
 Adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges(2)                                                   831                 803
 Income taxes                                                                                                   806                  714
 Adjusted income taxes(2)                                                                                       969                 858
 Effective tax rate                                                                                            26.2 %              24.6 %
 Adjusted effective tax rate(2)                                                                                26.0 %              25.0 %
 Net earnings                                                                                              $ 2,275             $   2,187
 Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company                                                      2,171              2,100
 Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company(i)                                              2,155               2,088
 Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company(2)                                     2,637               2,480
 Consolidated per Common Share ($)
 Diluted net earnings                                                                                      $      6.99         $      6.52
 Adjusted diluted net earnings(2)                                                                          $      8.55         $      7.75
 Dividends
 Dividends declared per common share ($)                                                                   $     1.985         $      1.743
 Consolidated Financial Position and Cash Flows
 Cash and cash equivalents and short term investments                                                      $     2,110         $     1,952
 Cash flows from operating activities                                                                           5,802                5,654
 Capital investments(ii)                                                                                        2,200                2,109
 Free cash flow(2)                                                                                               1,671               1,700
 Financial Measures
 Retail debt to retail adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                           2.4 x              2.3 x
 Adjusted return on equity(2)                                                                                     23.6 %              22.2 %
 Adjusted return on capital(2)                                                                                     11.8 %              11.5 %


(i) Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company are net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company net of
    dividends declared on the Company’s Second Preferred Shares, Series B and the impact of the redemption of these shares.
(ii) Capital investments are the sum of fixed asset purchases and intangible asset additions as presented in the Company’s Consolidated
     Statements of Cash Flows, and prepayments transferred to fixed assets in the current period. Capital investments for the year ended
     December 30, 2023 included $37 million of prepayments transferred to fixed assets.




                                                                         2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited         1
Financial Highlights(1)

 As at or for the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                                                 2024                2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                                                 (52 weeks)          (52 weeks)
 Retail Results of Operations
 Sales                                                                                                       $ 59,786            $ 58,345
 Operating income                                                                                               3,465               3,500
 Gross profit(2)                                                                                                18,721             18,083
 Gross profit %(2)                                                                                                31.3 %              31.0 %
 Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                                          $ 6,662             $   6,361
 Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                                                           11.1 %              10.9 %
 Depreciation and amortization                                                                               $     2,916         $     2,848
 Retail Operating Statistics
 Food retail same-store sales growth                                                                                  1.5 %               3.9 %
 Drug retail same-store sales growth                                                                                 2.4 %                5.4 %
 Drug retail same-store pharmacy sales growth                                                                        6.3 %                6.8 %
 Drug retail same-store front store sales (decline)/growth                                                           (1.3)%               4.2 %
 Total retail square footage (in millions)                                                                          72.0                 71.2
 Number of corporate stores                                                                                         603                  569
 Number of franchise stores                                                                                         528                  535
 Number of Associate-owned drug stores                                                                             1,361                1,351
 Financial Services Results of Operations
 Revenue                                                                                                     $     1,586         $     1,540
 Earnings before income taxes                                                                                        299                  61
 Financial Services Operating Measures and Statistics
 Average quarterly net credit card receivables                                                               $     4,010         $     3,950
 Credit card receivables                                                                                           4,230                4,132
 Allowance for credit card receivables                                                                               263                 256
 Annualized yield on average quarterly gross credit card receivables                                                 14.3 %              13.9 %
 Annualized credit loss rate on average quarterly gross credit card receivables                                       4.5 %               3.8 %




 Financial Highlights Endnotes

 (1) For financial definitions and ratios refer to the Glossary of Terms section included within the Company’s 2024 Annual Report.
 (2) See Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the reconciliation of
     such non-GAAP and other financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.




2 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Management's Discussion and Analysis

 1.   Forward-Looking Statements                                                                                       4
 2. Overview                                                                                                           6
 3.   Strategic Framework                                                                                              6
 4.   Key Financial Performance Indicators                                                                             7
 5. Overall Financial Performance                                                                                   8
    5.1   Consolidated Results of Operations                                                                        8
    5.2   Other Business Matters                                                                                    11
    5.3   Selected Financial Information                                                                           12
 6. Reportable Operating Segments Results of Operations                                                            14
    6.1   Retail Segment                                                                                           14
    6.2   Financial Services Segment                                                                               16
 7.   Liquidity and Capital Resources                                                                              17
      7.1    Cash Flows                                                                                            17
      7.2    Liquidity and Capital Structure                                                                      19
      7.3    Components of Total Debt                                                                             20
      7.4    Financial Condition                                                                                  21
      7.5    Credit Ratings                                                                                       22
      7.6    Share Capital                                                                                        22
      7.7    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                                                                       24
      7.8    Contractual Obligations                                                                              25
 8. Financial Derivative Instruments                                                                              26
 9. Quarterly Results of Operations                                                                               27
    9.1   Results by Quarter                                                                                      27
    9.2   Fourth Quarter Results                                                                                  29
 10. Disclosure Controls and Procedures                                                                            37
 11. Internal Control over Financial Reporting                                                                     37
 12. Enterprise Risks and Risk Management                                                                         38
     12.1  Operating Risks and Risk Management                                                                    39
     12.2 Financial Risks and Risk Management                                                                     48
 13. Related Party Transactions                                                                                   49
 14. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments                                                                  51
     14.1    Consolidation                                                                                        51
     14.2 Inventories                                                                                             51
     14.3 Impairment of Non-Financial Assets                                                                      52
     14.4 Impairment of Credit Card Receivables                                                                   52
     14.5 Customer Loyalty Awards Program                                                                         52
     14.6 Income and Other Taxes                                                                                  52
     14.7 Segment Information                                                                                     53
     14.8 Provisions                                                                                              53
     14.9 Leases                                                                                                  53
 15. Accounting Standards                                                                                         54
     15.1 Future Accounting Standards and Amendments                                                              54
 16 Strategic Update and Outlook                                                                                  55
 17 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures                                                                         56
 18 Additional Information                                                                                        68




                                                      2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   3
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) for Loblaw Companies Limited and its subsidiaries
 (collectively, the “Company” or “Loblaw”) should be read in conjunction with the audited annual consolidated
 financial statements and the accompanying notes for the year ended December 28, 2024 (“consolidated financial
 statements”) included within the 2024 Annual Report.

 The Company’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
 Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS Accounting Standards” or
 “GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company and other entities that the Company controls and are reported
 in Canadian dollars, except when otherwise noted.

 Management uses non-GAAP and other financial measures to exclude the impact of certain expenses and income
 that must be recognized under GAAP when analyzing consolidated and segment underlying operating
 performance, as the excluded items are not necessarily reflective of the Company’s underlying operating
 performance and make comparisons of underlying financial performance between periods difficult. The Company
 adjusts for these items if it believes doing so would result in a more effective analysis of underlying operating
 performance. The exclusion of certain items does not imply that they are non-recurring. See Section 17 “Non-GAAP
 and Other Financial Measures”, of this MD&A for more information on the Company’s non-GAAP and other financial
 measures.

 The information in this MD&A is current to February 19, 2025, unless otherwise noted. A glossary of terms can be
 found at the end of the 2024 Annual Report.

 Unless otherwise indicated, all comparisons of results for the fourth quarter of 2024 (12 weeks ended December
 28, 2024) are against results for the fourth quarter of 2023 (12 weeks ended December 30, 2023) and all
 comparisons of results for the full-year of 2024 (52 weeks ended December 28, 2024) are against the results for
 the full-year of 2023 (52 weeks ended December 30, 2023).

 1. Forward-Looking Statements

 The Annual Report, including the MD&A, contains forward-looking statements about the Company’s objectives,
 plans, goals, aspirations, strategies, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, performance, prospects,
 opportunities and legal and regulatory matters. Specific forward-looking statements in this Annual Report include,
 but are not limited to, statements with respect to the Company’s anticipated future results, events and plans,
 strategic initiatives and restructuring, regulatory changes including further healthcare reform, future liquidity,
 planned capital investments, and the status and impact of information technology (“IT”) systems implementations.
 These specific forward-looking statements are contained throughout this Annual Report including, without
 limitation, Section 3 “Strategic Framework”, Section 5.1 “Consolidated Results of Operations”, Section 5.2 “Other
 Business Matters”, Section 6.1 “Retail Segment”, Section 6.2 “Financial Services Segment”, Section 7 “Liquidity and
 Capital Resources”, Section 9 “Quarterly Results of Operations”, Section 12 “Enterprise Risks and Risk
 Management”, Section 14 “Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments”, Section 15 “Accounting Standards”,
 “Section 16 “Strategic Update and Outlook” and Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures”. Forward-
 looking statements are typically identified by words such as “expect”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “foresee”, “could”,
 “estimate”, “goal”, “intend”, “plan”, “seek”, “strive”, “will”, “may”, “should” and similar expressions, as they relate to
 the Company and its management.

 Forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s estimates, beliefs and assumptions, which are based on
 management’s perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as
 other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. The Company’s estimates, beliefs and assumptions
 are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies
 regarding future events and, as such, are subject to change. The Company can give no assurance that such
 estimates, beliefs and assumptions will prove to be correct.




4 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Numerous risks and uncertainties could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those
expressed, implied or projected in the forward-looking statements, including those described in the Company’s
MD&A in the 2024 Annual Report, and the Company’s Annual Information Form (“AIF”) for the year ended
December 28, 2024. Such risks and uncertainties include:
•   changes in economic conditions, including inflation, impact of tariffs, price increases from suppliers, levels of
    employment, costs of borrowing, household debt, political uncertainty and government regulation, the impact
    of natural disasters, war or acts of terrorism, pandemics, changes in interest rates, tax rates, or exchange rates,
    and access to consumer credit;
•   inability of the Company’s IT infrastructure to support the requirements of the Company’s business, or the
    occurrence of any internal or external security breaches, denial of service attacks, viruses, worms and other
    known or unknown cybersecurity or data breaches;
•   failure to realize benefits from investments in the Company’s new IT systems and related processes, including
    automation;
•   inability of the Company to manage inventory to minimize the impact of obsolete or excess inventory or control
    shrink;
•   changes to the regulation of generic prescription drug prices, the reduction of reimbursements under public
    drug benefit plans and the elimination or reduction of professional allowances paid by drug manufacturers;
•   failure to maintain an effective supply chain and consequently an appropriate assortment of available product
    at the store and digital retail level;
•   failure to realize the anticipated benefits associated with the Company’s strategic priorities and major
    initiatives, including revenue growth, anticipated cost savings and operating efficiencies, or organizational
    changes that may impact the relationships with franchisees and Shoppers Drug Mart Licensees (“Associates”);
•   failure to execute the Company’s e-commerce initiatives or to adapt its business model to shifts in the retail
    landscape caused by digital advances;
•   changes to any of the laws, rules, regulations or policies applicable to the Company’s business;
•   failure to attract and retain colleagues may impact the Company’s ability to effectively operate and achieve
    financial performance goals;
•   failure to effectively respond to consumer trends or heightened competition, whether from current competitors
    or new entrants to the marketplace;
•   public health events including those related to food and drug safety;
•   errors made through medication dispensing or errors related to patient services or consultation;
•   failure to achieve desired results in labour negotiations, including the terms of future collective bargaining
    agreements;
•   failure to adapt to environmental and social risks, including failure to execute against the Company’s climate
    change and social equity initiatives;
•   adverse outcomes of legal and regulatory proceedings and related matters; and
•   reliance on the performance and retention of third party service providers, including those associated with the
    Company’s supply chain and apparel business and located in both advanced and developing markets.
This is not an exhaustive list of the factors that may affect the Company’s forward-looking statements. Other risks
and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company presently believes are not material
could also cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed in its forward-looking statements.
Additional risks and uncertainties are discussed in the Company’s materials filed with the Canadian securities
regulatory authorities (“securities regulators”) from time to time, including, without limitation, the section entitled
"Risks" in the Company's AIF for the year ended December 28, 2024. Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect the Company’s expectations only as of the date of this
MD&A. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.




                                                            2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   5
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 2. Overview

 Loblaw Companies Limited is a Canadian public company incorporated in 1956 and is Canada's food and pharmacy
 leader, and the nation's largest retailer. The Company has two operating segments: Retail and Financial Services.
 The Retail segment consists primarily of corporate and franchise-owned retail food and Associate-owned drug
 stores, and includes in-store pharmacies, health care services, other health and beauty products, apparel and other
 general merchandise. The Company’s Financial Services segment provides credit card and everyday banking
 services, the PC Optimum™ loyalty program, insurance brokerage services, and telecommunication services. The
 businesses are underpinned by the PC Optimum loyalty program, a customer loyalty program that provides more
 than a billion dollars in annual rewards and is unique to each consumer across their network-wide purchases.

 3. Strategic Framework

 Loblaw is driven by its purpose to help Canadians Live Life Well® which guides the Company's strategic framework.
 This framework centres around Loblaw’s three strategic pillars of Delivering Retail Excellence, Driving Growth, and
 Investing for the Future, while embedding Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) initiatives in everything
 Loblaw does. Underpinning these strategic pillars is a sharp focus on leveraging data driven insights and process
 efficiency excellence to deliver strong financial performance. The framework is supported by colleagues with a
 shared set of CORE values and culture principles that encourages colleagues to be authentic, build trust and make
 connections.
 The Company strives to be the "best in food, health and beauty" and with its focus on retail excellence, it is
 constantly improving its retail operations to differentiate its customer offerings, to lower cost to serve and to deliver
 scale through its national logistics infrastructure. Retail operations benefit from more than one billion customer
 touchpoints annually and deliver a unique customer experience driven by industry leading control brands, healthy
 alternatives, and a choice of in-store shopping, pick-up and delivery. The approach to being “best in food” is driven
 by fresh food selection, competitive value, and customized assortments across banners. The approach to being
 “best in health and beauty” is supported by high quality health and wellness products, an expanding offer of
 healthcare services, and a diverse and differentiated beauty offering.

 Building for the future, its purpose guides its investments in strategic growth initiatives to further differentiate its
 portfolio of assets, generate competitive advantages in products, services and price, improve its operational
 efficiencies, and create new areas of growth to service the changing needs of Canadians and to personalize their
 experiences.

 Loblaw's purpose-led approach to addressing ESG issues focuses on two priorities: fighting climate change and
 advancing social equity. Fighting climate change for Loblaw means working to help mitigate the environmental
 causes and effects of climate change through measures such as: reducing CO2 emissions, reaching the Company’s
 net-zero targets, ensuring packaging compliance to international standards, and eliminating food waste(i).
 Advancing social equity means building a diverse and inclusive workforce and supporting the health and well-being
 of women and children. ESG considerations are central to decisions made across the Company. By integrating
 consideration of environmental and social risks and good governance practices in its day-to-day business activities,
 implementing robust compliance and ethics programs and supporting its colleagues and the communities in which
 it operates, the Company aims to be a leading contributor to Canadian society both today and for generations to
 come.

 Together, each of these components forms a part of the strategic framework that guides the Company’s direction
 now and into the future.




 (i)   Plan development and processes utilized to measure progress against the Company’s targets leverage and are in accordance with
       internationally recognized methodology including as set out in the Paris Agreement, which aims to limit global temperature rise to 1.5
       degrees Celsius.



6 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
4. Key Financial Performance Indicators(1)
The Company has identified key financial performance indicators to measure the progress of short and long term
objectives. Certain key financial performance indicators are set out below:

As at or for the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                                              2024               2023
(millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                                              (52 weeks)         (52 weeks)
Consolidated
Revenue growth                                                                                                     2.5 %             5.4 %
Operating income                                                                                         $     3,902        $     3,704
Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                                             7,024              6,647
Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                                                         11.5 %             11.2 %
Net earnings                                                                                             $     2,275        $      2,187
Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company                                                        2,171             2,100
Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company(i)                                                2,155              2,088
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company(2)                                       2,637              2,480
Diluted net earnings per common share ($)                                                                $      6.99        $      6.52
Adjusted diluted net earnings per common share(2) ($)                                                    $      8.55        $       7.75
Cash and cash equivalents and short term investments                                                     $      2,110       $     1,952
Cash flows from operating activities                                                                           5,802              5,654
Free cash flow(2)                                                                                               1,671             1,700
Financial Measures
Retail debt to retail adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                          2.4 x             2.3 x
Adjusted return on equity(2)                                                                                    23.6 %             22.2 %
Adjusted return on capital(2)                                                                                    11.8 %             11.5 %
Retail Segment
Food retail same-store sales growth                                                                            1.5 %              3.9 %
Drug retail same-store sales growth                                                                           2.4 %               5.4 %
Operating income                                                                                         $ 3,465            $ 3,500
Gross profit(2)                                                                                            18,721             18,083
Gross profit %(2)                                                                                                31.3 %            31.0 %
Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                                       $     6,662        $     6,361
Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                                                        11.1 %             10.9 %
Financial Services Segment
Earnings before income taxes                                                                             $       299        $         61
Annualized yield on average quarterly gross credit card receivables                                              14.3 %             13.9 %
Annualized credit loss rate on average quarterly gross credit card receivables                                    4.5 %              3.8 %


(i) Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company are net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company net of
    dividends declared on the Company’s Second Preferred Shares, Series B and the impact of the redemption of these shares.




                                                                      2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited      7
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 5. Overall Financial Performance

 5.1 Consolidated Results of Operations

 The following is a summary of selected consolidated financial information for 2024:

 As at or for the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                2024                2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                (52 weeks)          (52 weeks)       $ Change   % Change
 Revenue                                                                       $ 61,014         $ 59,529         $      1,485           2.5 %
 Operating income                                                                3,902                3,704              198            5.3 %
 Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                              7,024                6,647              377            5.7 %
 Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                         11.5 %                11.2 %
 Depreciation and amortization                                                 $ 2,966          $     2,906     $         60         2.1 %
 Net interest expense and other financing charges                                  821                  803               18         2.2 %
 Adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges(2)                      831                  803               28         3.5 %
 Income taxes                                                                      806                   714              92        12.9 %
 Adjusted income taxes(2)                                                          969                  858               111       12.9 %
 Effective tax rate                                                               26.2 %               24.6 %
 Adjusted effective tax rate(2)                                                   26.0 %               25.0 %
 Net earnings attributable to non-controlling interests                        $   104          $         87    $          17       19.5 %
 Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company                      $ 2,171          $     2,100     $          71        3.4 %
 Net earnings available to common shareholders of
  the Company(i)                                                                   2,155              2,088               67            3.2 %
 Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of
  the Company(2)                                                                 2,637                2,480              157         6.3 %
 Diluted net earnings per common share ($)                                     $ 6.99           $      6.52      $      0.47         7.2 %
 Adjusted diluted net earnings per common share(2) ($)                         $ 8.55           $       7.75     $      0.80        10.3 %
 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding
  (in millions)                                                                    308.5              320.0


 (i) Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company are net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company net of
     dividends declared on the Company’s Second Preferred Shares, Series B and the impact of the redemption of these shares.

 Loblaw continued to deliver strong and consistent financial and operating results across its various businesses in
 2024. Loblaw’s ability to deliver everyday value, quality, service and convenience to Canadians was reflected in
 strong sales growth across its Retail business. Loblaw’s portfolio of best in class assets was well positioned to meet
 customers’ everyday needs across food, health and wellness. The Company’s relentless focus on retail excellence
 leveraged these assets to deliver strong sales growth, gross margin improvements, and leverage its operating
 costs.




8 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Net Earnings Available to Common Shareholders of the Company and Diluted Net Earnings Per Common Share
Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company were $2,155 million ($6.99 per common share), an
increase of $67 million ($0.47 per common share) or 3.2% when compared to 2023. The increase included an
improvement in the underlying operating performance of $157 million which was partially offset by an unfavourable
change in adjusting items totaling $90 million as described below:
•   the improvement in the underlying operating performance of $157 million ($0.49 per common share) was
    primarily due to the following:
    ◦   an improvement in the underlying operating performance in the Retail segment driven by an increase in
        gross profit(2), partially offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) and
        depreciation and amortization; and
    ◦   an improvement in the underlying operating performance in the Financial Services segment;
    partially offset by,
    ◦   the unfavourable impact from adjustments to certain tax provisions in 2023; and
    ◦   an increase in net interest expense and other financing charges.
•   the unfavourable change in adjusting items totaling $90 million ($0.33 per common share) was primarily due to
    the following:
    ◦   the unfavourable impact of charges related to the settlement of class action lawsuits of $121 million ($0.39
        per common share);
    ◦   the unfavourable impact of the charge related to the PC Optimum loyalty program of $94 million ($0.30
        per common share);
    ◦   the unfavourable impact of the fair value write-down related to the sale of Wellwise by Shoppers™
        (“Wellwise”) of $29 million ($0.09 per common share); and
    ◦   the year-over-year unfavourable change in gains on sale of non-operating properties of $7 million
        ($0.02 per common share);
    partially offset by,
    ◦   the year-over-year favourable change in (recoveries) charge related to President’s Choice Bank
        (“PC Bank”) commodity tax matters of $142 million ($0.46 per common share);
    ◦   the year-over-year favourable change in fair value adjustments on fuel and foreign currency contracts of
        $16 million ($0.05 per common share); and
    ◦   the year-over-year favourable change in fair value adjustments on non-operating properties of $3 million
        ($0.01 per common share).
•   diluted net earnings per common share also included the favourable impact from the repurchase of common
    shares over the last 12 months ($0.31 per common share).
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company(2) were $2,637 million, an increase of
$157 million or 6.3% when compared to 2023. Adjusted net earnings per common share(2) were $8.55 per common
share, an increase of $0.80 or 10.3%. The increase includes the favourable impact from the repurchase of common
shares.




                                                           2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Revenue

 For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                 2024                 2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)        (52 weeks)           (52 weeks)       $ Change      % Change
 Retail                                                             $       59,786       $       58,345 $         1,441         2.5 %
 Financial Services                                                           1,586               1,540              46         3.0 %
 Eliminations                                                                  (358)               (356)              (2)      (0.6)%
 Revenue                                                            $        61,014      $       59,529 $        1,485          2.5 %


 Revenue was $61,014 million, an increase of $1,485 million, or 2.5% when compared to 2023. The increase was
 primarily driven by an increase in Retail segment sales of $1,441 million, due to positive same-store sales growth.
 There was also an increase in Financial Services segment sales of $46 million.

 Operating Income Operating income was $3,902 million, an increase of $198 million, or 5.3% when compared to
 2023. The increase in operating income was driven by an improvement in the underlying operating performance of
 $317 million, partially offset by an unfavourable change in adjusting items totaling $119 million as described below:
 •   the improvement in the underlying operating performance of $317 million was primarily due to the following:
      ◦   an improvement in the underlying operating performance of the Retail segment due to an increase in
          gross profit(2), partially offset by an increase in SG&A and depreciation and amortization; and
      ◦   an improvement in the underlying operating performance in the Financial Services segment.
 •   the unfavourable change in adjusting items totaling $119 million was primarily due to the following:
      ◦   the unfavourable impact of charges related to the settlement of class action lawsuits of $164 million;
      ◦   the unfavourable impact of the charge related to the PC Optimum loyalty program of $129 million;
      ◦   the unfavourable impact of the fair value write-down related to the sale of Wellwise of $23 million; and
      ◦   the year-over-year unfavourable change in gains on sale of non-operating properties of $9 million;
      partially offset by,
      ◦   the year-over-year favourable change in (recoveries) charge related to PC Bank commodity tax matters of
          $179 million;
      ◦   the year-over-year favourable change in fair value adjustments on fuel and foreign currency contracts of
          $21 million; and
      ◦   the year-over-year favourable change in fair value adjustments on non-operating properties of $6 million.

 Adjusted EBITDA(2)

 For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                     2024                 2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)            (52 weeks)           (52 weeks)   $ Change % Change
 Retail                                                                 $      6,662         $       6,361 $        301        4.7 %
 Financial Services                                                              362                   286           76       26.6 %
 Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                     $      7,024         $       6,647 $        377        5.7 %


 Adjusted EBITDA(2) was $7,024 million, an increase of $377 million, or 5.7% when compared to 2023, driven by an
 increase in the Retail segment of $301 million, and an increase in the Financial Services segment of $76 million.

 Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization was $2,966 million, an increase of $60 million or
 2.1% when compared to 2023, primarily driven by an increase in the Retail segment of $68 million. Included in
 depreciation and amortization was the amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisitions of Shoppers
 Drug Mart Corporation (“Shoppers Drug Mart”) and Lifemark Health Group (“Lifemark”) of $499 million (2023 –
 $499 million).




10 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Net Interest Expense and Other Financing Charges Net interest expense and other financing charges were
$821 million, an increase of $18 million or 2.2% when compared to 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an
increase in interest expense from lease liabilities and long term debt, and lower interest income on certain short
term investments. This was partially offset by the capitalization of interest expense related to the Company’s
automated distribution facility, the favourable impact of the recovery related to the PC Bank commodity tax matter,
and lower interest expense from post-employment and other long term employee benefits.

Income Taxes Income tax expense in 2024 was $806 million (2023 – $714 million) and the effective tax rate was
26.2% (2023 – 24.6%). The increase to the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to the adjustments to certain
tax provisions during 2023 and the impact of other non-deductible items.

Adjusted income tax expense(2) in 2024 was $969 million (2023 – $858 million) and the adjusted effective tax
rate(2) was 26.0% (2023 – 25.0%). The increase to the adjusted effective tax rate(2) was primarily attributable to the
adjustments to certain tax provisions during 2023 and the impact of other non-deductible items.

Net Earnings Attributable To Non-Controlling Interests Net earnings attributable to non-controlling interests were
$104 million, an increase of $17 million or 19.5% when compared to 2023, primarily driven by an increase in
franchisee earnings after profit sharing. Non-controlling interests represent the share of earnings that relates to the
Company’s Food Retail franchisees and is impacted by the timing of when profit sharing with franchisees is agreed
and finalized under the terms of the agreements.

5.2 Other Business Matters

Settlement of Class Action Lawsuits On July 24, 2024, the Company and George Weston Limited (“Weston”)
entered into binding Minutes of Settlement and on January 31, 2025, the Company and Weston entered into a
Settlement Agreement to resolve nationwide class action lawsuits against them relating to their role in an industry-
wide price-fixing arrangement involving certain packaged bread products which occurred between 2001 and 2015.
The Settlement Agreement provides for a total settlement of $500 million. Weston will pay $247 million, and the
Company will pay $253 million offset by $96 million previously paid to customers by the Company under the
Loblaw Card Program. The $500 million settlement amount was negotiated with lawyers representing consumers
in a mediation presided over by the Chief Justice of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice. If the Settlement
Agreement is approved by the courts, it will resolve all of the consumers’ claims against the Company and Weston
relating to this matter. In the second quarter of 2024, charges of $164 million ($121 million, net of income taxes)
were recorded in the Retail segment in SG&A, relating to the Company’s portion of the total settlement and related
costs.

PC Optimum loyalty program In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a charge of $129 million, of
which $99 million was recorded in the Retail segment and $30 million was recorded in the Financial Services
segment. This charge represents the revaluation of the loyalty liability for outstanding points, reflecting higher
PC Optimum member participation and higher redemption rates.

Sale of Wellwise In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party to sell all
of the shares of its Wellwise business for cash proceeds. Accordingly, the Company recorded a net fair value write-
down of $23 million in the Retail segment in SG&A. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025.

PC Bank Commodity tax matters In 2022, the Tax Court of Canada (“Tax Court”) released a decision relating to
PC Bank, a subsidiary of the Company. The Tax Court ruled that PC Bank is not entitled to claim notional input tax
credits for certain payments it made to Loblaws Inc. in respect of redemptions of loyalty points. PC Bank
subsequently filed a Notice of Appeal with the Federal Court of Appeal (“FCA”) and in March 2024, the matter was
heard by the FCA. In the third quarter of 2024, the FCA released its decision and reversed the decision of the Tax
Court. As a result, PC Bank reversed charges of $155 million, including $111 million initially recorded in 2022. In
addition, $10 million was recorded related to interest income on cash tax refunds.

In 2023, the Federal government enacted certain commodity tax legislation that applied to PC Bank on a
retroactive basis. A charge of $37 million, inclusive of interest, was recorded for this matter. In the fourth quarter of
2023, the Company reversed $13 million of previously recorded charges. The reversal was a result of new
guidance issued by the Canada Revenue Agency.




                                                            2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 5.3 Selected Financial Information
 The selected information presented below has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with the
 annual consolidated financial statements of the Company dated December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023, and
 December 31, 2022, included within the 2024 and 2023 Annual Reports. The analysis of the data contained in the
 table focuses on the trends and significant events or items affecting the financial condition and results of the
 Company’s operations over the most recent three years.

 For the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022                  2024               2023             2022
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                            (52 weeks)         (52 weeks)       (52 weeks)
 Revenue                                                                                $ 61,014           $ 59,529    $ 56,504
 Operating income                                                                         3,902               3,704       3,342
 Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                       7,024               6,647        6,181
 Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                                   11.5 %             11.2 %      10.9 %
 Depreciation and amortization                                                          $ 2,966            $ 2,906     $ 2,795
 Net interest expense and other financing charges                                            821                803         683
 Adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges(2)                                831                803         694
 Adjusted effective tax rate(2)                                                             26.0 %             25.0 %      26.4 %
 Net earnings                                                                           $ 2,275            $ 2,187     $ 1,994
 Net earnings attributable to the shareholders of the Company                              2,171              2,100        1,921
 Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company(i)                           2,155              2,088       1,909
 Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
   of the Company(2)                                                                          2,637              2,480            2,263
 Basic net earnings per common share ($)                                                $      7.06        $      6.59      $      5.82
 Diluted net earnings per common share ($)                                              $      6.99        $      6.52      $      5.75
 Adjusted diluted net earnings per common share(2) ($)                                  $      8.55        $      7.75      $      6.82
 Diluted weighted average common shares (in millions)                                       308.5             320.0                331.7
 Dividends declared per common share ($)                                                $ 1.985            $   1.743        $     1.580
 Dividends declared per Second Preferred Share, Series B ($)                            $ 1.325            $ 1.325          $     1.325
 Total assets                                                                           $ 40,880           $ 38,979         $    38,147
 Total long term debt                                                                   $ 8,201            $ 7,852          $     7,783
 Lease liabilities                                                                         10,183             9,458                9,115
 Long term financial liabilities                                                        $ 18,384           $ 17,310         $    16,898


 (i) Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company are net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company net of
     dividends declared on the Company’s Second Preferred Shares, Series B and the impact of the redemption of these shares.




12 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Revenue Revenue was $61,014 million in 2024, an increase of $1,485 million when compared to 2023. Food retail
same-store sales growth was 1.5% (2023 – 3.9%). Drug retail same-store sales growth was 2.4% (2023 – 5.4%).
Revenue was $59,529 million in 2023, an increase of $3,025 million when compared to 2022. Food retail same-
store sales growth was 3.9% (2022 – 4.7%). Drug retail same-store sales growth was 5.4% (2022 – 6.9%).
The Company’s Retail segment sales have continued to grow despite the pressure of a highly competitive retail
market, impacts of global economic uncertainties, and regulatory environment over the last three years. In 2022,
COVID-19 continued to impact Retail segment sales through the first half of the year. Food Retail benefited from
elevated eat-at-home trends, and Drug Retail from strong cosmetics and over-the-counter (“OTC”) product sales, as
customers returned to pre-pandemic activities, while COVID-19 related testing and vaccines continued at elevated
levels. Retail segment sales growth in the second half of 2022 benefited from global inflationary pressures and
reflected continued strength in cosmetics and OTC sales in Drug Retail. In 2023, amidst global inflationary
pressures, consumers increased their focus on value, which benefited the Company’s sales due to its strength in
private label products, discount banners, and personalized promotions, including its PC Optimum loyalty program.
In Drug Retail, strong cosmetics and OTC product sales continued, while pharmacy services demonstrated strong
growth, partially off-setting a decline in COVID-19 related services. In 2024, consumers remained focused on value,
which benefited the Company’s sales due to its strength in private label products, hard discount banners, and
personalized promotions, including its PC Optimum loyalty program. In Drug Retail, strong cosmetics sales
continued and OTC sales normalized as the cough and cold season returned to more normal trends, while
pharmacy services demonstrated strong growth.
The Financial Services segment sales have continued to grow. In 2022, the Financial Services segment benefited
from an increase in customer spending, and growing credit card receivables driven by growth in the active
customer base. In 2023, the segment benefited from an increase in customer spending and higher sales
attributable to The Mobile Shop™ kiosk. Further, the segment continued to benefit from growing credit card
receivables driven by growth in the active customer base and an increase in customer spending. In 2024, the
segment benefited from an increase in customer spending and higher sales attributable to The Mobile Shop kiosk.
Further, the segment benefited from the launch of its PC Insiders™ World Elite Mastercard® and PC Money™ Savings
Account.
Net Earnings Available to Common Shareholders of the Company and Diluted Net Earnings Per Common Share
Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company and diluted net earnings per common share
continued to grow over the last three years and were impacted by certain adjusting items set out in Section 17
“Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures,” and the changes in the underlying operating performance of the
Company. The growth in net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company and diluted net earnings
per common share were primarily due to:
•   changes in underlying operating performance of the Retail segment due to COVID-19 and global inflationary
    pressure. The Company’s financial results for the year ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 had
    higher revenue and cost of sales when compared to 2022;
•   cost savings, operating efficiencies and investments in and benefits from strategic initiatives;
•   fluctuations in the performance of the Financial Services segment driven by the impact of the increase in
    customer spending and growth in active customer base, the year-over-year movements of certain commodity
    taxes accrued, the expected credit loss provision, and operating costs;
•   the favourable impact of the repurchase of common shares for cancellation; and
•   the impact of certain adjusting items, including:
       ◦ charges related to settlement of class action lawsuits;
       ◦ the PC Optimum loyalty program, including the revaluation of the loyalty liability;
       ◦ the fair value write-down related to the sale of Wellwise;
       ◦ fair value adjustments on non-operating properties;
       ◦ Lifemark transaction costs;
       ◦ restructuring and other related recoveries and costs;
       ◦ recovery related to Glenhuron Bank Limited (“Glenhuron”);
       ◦ the gains and losses on sale of non-operating properties;
       ◦ fair value adjustments on fuel and foreign currency; and
       ◦ the recoveries and charges related to PC Bank commodity tax matters.


                                                        2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Total Assets and Long Term Financial Liabilities In 2024, total assets of $40,880 million increased by 4.9%
 compared to 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in fixed assets, right-of-use assets, inventories
 and short term investments. This was partially offset by a decrease in intangible assets. Long term financial
 liabilities of $18,384 million, increased by 6.2% compared to 2023. This was primarily driven by an increase in lease
 liability and higher net issuance of long term debt.
 In 2023, total assets of $38,979 million increased by 2.2% compared to 2022. The increase was primarily driven by
 an increase in fixed assets, right-of-use assets, credit card receivables, and other assets. This was partially offset by
 a decrease in intangible assets. Long term financial liabilities of $17,310 million increased by 2.4% compared to
 2022. This was primarily driven by an increase in lease liability and long term debt driven by an increase in
 guaranteed investment certificates (“GICs”).

 6. Reportable Operating Segments Results of Operations

 The Company has two reportable operating segments, with all material operations carried out in Canada:
 •   the Retail segment consists primarily of corporate and franchise-owned retail food and Associate-owned drug
     stores, and includes in-store pharmacies, health care services, other health and beauty products, apparel and
     other general merchandise. This segment is comprised of several operating segments that are aggregated
     primarily due to similarities in the nature of products and services offered for sale in the retail operations and
     the customer base; and
 •   the Financial Services segment provides credit card and everyday banking services, the PC Optimum loyalty
     program, insurance brokerage services, and telecommunication services.

 6.1 Retail Segment

 For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023               2024                  2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)      (52 weeks)            (52 weeks)    $ Change % Change
 Sales                                                               $ 59,786          $ 58,345    $         1,441        2.5 %
 Operating income                                                       3,465             3,500                (35)       (1.0)%
 Gross profit(2)                                                        18,721           18,083               638         3.5 %
 Gross profit %(2)                                                        31.3 %            31.0 %
 Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                  $ 6,662           $ 6,361     $          301          4.7 %
 Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                 11.1 %           10.9 %
 Depreciation and amortization                                       $ 2,916           $ 2,848     $           68         2.4 %



 The following table provides a breakdown of the Company’s total and same-store sales for the Retail segment.

 For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                                     2024                      2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                            (52 weeks)                (52 weeks)
                                                                                             Same-store               Same-store
                                                                                    Sales         sales      Sales         sales
 Food retail                                                                 $ 42,166             1.5 %   $ 41,188        3.9 %
 Drug retail                                                                   17,620            2.4 %      17,157        5.4 %
    Pharmacy and healthcare services                                            9,182            6.3 %      8,642         6.8 %
    Front store                                                                 8,438            (1.3)%      8,515        4.2 %




14 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Sales Retail segment sales were $59,786 million in 2024, an increase of $1,441 million, or 2.5% compared to 2023,
primarily driven by the following factors:
•   Food retail same-store sales growth was 1.5% (2023 – 3.9%).
      ◦ Same-store sales growth in food was moderate;
      ◦ Same-store sales growth in pharmacy was modest;
      ◦ The Consumer Price Index as measured by The Consumer Price Index for Food Purchased From Stores
          was 2.2% (2023 – 7.8%) which was in line with the Company’s internal food inflation; and
      ◦ Food Retail traffic increased and basket size decreased.
•   Drug retail same-store sales growth was 2.4% (2023 – 5.4%).
      ◦ Pharmacy and healthcare services same-store sales growth was 6.3% (2023 – 6.8%). Pharmacy and
          healthcare services same-store sales growth benefited from an increase in specialty and chronic
          prescription volumes. The number of prescriptions dispensed increased by 2.5% (2023 – 0.6%). On a
          same-store basis, the number of prescriptions dispensed increased by 2.5% (2023 – 0.9%) and the
          average prescription value increased by 2.9% (2023 – 4.8%);
      partially offset by,
      ◦ Front store same-store sales decline of 1.3% (2023 – growth of 4.2%). The decline in front store same-
          store sales was primarily driven by lower sales of food and household items and the decision to exit
          certain low margin electronics categories, partially offset by the continued strength in beauty products.
In 2024, 52 food and drug stores were opened, and 15 food and drug stores were closed, and net retail square
footage increased by 0.8 million to 72.0 million square feet.

Operating Income Operating income was $3,465 million in 2024, a decrease of $35 million, or 1.0% compared to
2023. The decrease was driven by an unfavourable change in adjusting items totaling $268 million, partially offset
by an improvement in underlying operating performance of $233 million, as described below:
•   the unfavourable change in adjusting items totaling $268 million was primarily due to the following:
      ◦ the unfavourable impact of charges related to the settlement of class action lawsuits of $164 million;
      ◦ the unfavourable impact of the charge related to the PC Optimum loyalty program of $99 million;
      ◦ the unfavourable impact of the fair value write-down related to the sale of Wellwise of $23 million; and
      ◦ the year-over-year unfavourable change in gains on sale of non-operating properties of $9 million;
      partially offset by,
      ◦ the year-over-year favourable change in fair value adjustments on fuel and foreign currency contracts of
          $21 million; and
      ◦ the year-over-year favourable change in fair value adjustments on non-operating properties of $6 million.
•   the improvement in underlying operating performance of $233 million was due to an increase in gross profit(2),
    partially offset by an increase in SG&A and depreciation and amortization.
Gross Profit(2) Gross profit(2) was $18,721 million in 2024, an increase of $638 million, or 3.5% compared to 2023.
Gross profit percentage(2) of 31.3% increased by 30 basis points when compared to 2023, primarily driven by
improvements in shrink.

Adjusted EBITDA(2) Adjusted EBITDA(2) was $6,662 million in 2024, an increase of $301 million, or 4.7% compared
to 2023. The increase was driven by an increase in gross profit(2) of $638 million, partially offset by an increase in
SG&A of $337 million. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 20.2%, an increase of 10 basis points when compared to
2023. The increase of 10 basis points was primarily driven by the year-over-year impact of labour costs and certain
real estate activities.

Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization was $2,916 million, an increase of $68 million or
2.4% when compared to 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in IT assets and leased assets, and
an increase in depreciation of fixed assets related to conversions of retail locations. This is partially offset by the
impact of prior year accelerated depreciation due to the reassessment of the estimated useful life of certain IT
assets and prior year accelerated depreciation as a result of network optimization. Included in depreciation and
amortization was the amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisitions of Shoppers Drug Mart and
Lifemark of $499 million (2023 – $499 million).




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   15
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 6.2 Financial Services Segment

 For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                            2024             2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                   (52 weeks)       (52 weeks)   $ Change % Change
 Revenue                                                                       $        1,586   $       1,540    $    46     3.0 %
 Earnings before income taxes                                                             299              61        238   390.2 %



                                                                                As at                  As at
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)   December 28, 2024      December 30, 2023      $ Change % Change
 Average quarterly net credit card receivables                     $         4,010        $           3,950      $    60     1.5 %
 Credit card receivables                                                     4,230                     4,132          98     2.4 %
 Allowance for credit card receivables                                         263                      256            7     2.7 %
 Annualized yield on average quarterly gross
  credit card receivables                                                     14.3 %                    13.9 %
 Annualized credit loss rate on average quarterly
  gross credit card receivables                                                4.5 %                    3.8 %



 Revenue Revenue was $1,586 million in 2024, an increase of $46 million compared to 2023. The increase in
 revenue was primarily driven by:
 •   higher interest income from the growth of credit card receivables;
 •   higher interchange and credit card fee income; and
 •   higher sales attributable to The Mobile Shop.
 Earnings before income taxes Earnings before income taxes were $299 million in 2024, an improvement of
 $238 million compared to 2023. The increase was primarily driven by:
 •   the year-over-year impact from the prior year charge of $24 million versus the current year recovery of
     $165 million related to commodity tax matters (see Section 5.2 “Other Business Matters” above);
 • higher revenue as described above;
 • the year-over-year favourable impact of the expected credit loss provision from the prior year increase of
     $50 million versus current year increase of $7 million; and
 • lower customer acquisition expenses and operating costs, including the ongoing benefits associated with the
     renewal of a long-term agreement with Mastercard International Incorporated (“Mastercard”);
 partially offset by,
 • a PC Optimum loyalty program charge of $30 million (see Section 5.2 “Other Business Matters” above); and
 • higher contractual charge-offs due to the current macro-economic environment.
 Credit Card Receivables As at December 28, 2024, credit card receivables were $4,230 million, an increase of
 $98 million compared to December 30, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in customer
 spending. The expected credit loss allowance for credit card receivables was $263 million, an increase of
 $7 million compared to December 30, 2023. The increase is reflective of the current and forecasted macro-
 economic environment and its impact on consumer credit trends.




16 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
7. Liquidity and Capital Resources

7.1 Cash Flows

Major Cash Flow Components

For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                   2024              2023
(millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)          (52 weeks)        (52 weeks)      $ Change     % Change
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                         $       1,488     $       1,608 $         (120)        (7.5)%
Cash flows from (used in):
 Operating activities                                                $      5,802      $       5,654 $          148          2.6 %
 Investing activities                                                       (2,021)            (1,845)         (176)        (9.5)%
 Financing activities                                                       (3,816)           (3,932)            116         3.0 %
 Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on
   cash and cash equivalents                                                      9                 3             6      200.0 %
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                $          (26)   $         (120) $         94       78.3 %
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                               $       1,462     $       1,488 $          (26)       (1.7)%


Cash Flows from Operating Activities Cash flows from operating activities were $5,802 million, an increase of
$148 million when compared to 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher cash earnings, credit card
receivables increasing year-over-year at a rate lower than prior year, and the year-over-year change in provisions
and non-cash working capital, partially offset by higher income taxes paid in the current year and an unfavourable
change in other non-cash items.

Cash Flows used in Investing Activities Cash flows used in investing activities were $2,021 million, an increase of
$176 million when compared to 2023. The increase in cash flows used in investing activities was primarily driven by
an increase in investments in fixed assets and higher purchases of short term investments, partially offset by an
increase in proceeds from disposals of assets.

Capital Investments and Store Activity
As at December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                                                 2024            2023      % Change
Corporate square footage (in millions)                                                        35.9             35.1          2.3 %
Franchise square footage (in millions)                                                        16.8             17.0          (1.2)%
Associate-owned drug store square footage (in millions)                                       19.3              19.1          1.0 %
Total retail square footage (in millions)                                                     72.0             71.2            1.1 %
Number of corporate stores                                                                    603              569           6.0 %
Number of franchise stores                                                                    528              535           (1.3)%
Number of Associate-owned drug stores                                                        1,361            1,351          0.7 %
Total number of stores                                                                      2,492            2,455            1.5 %
Average store size (square feet)
  Corporate                                                                                59,500           61,700          (3.6)%
  Franchise                                                                                31,800           31,800            —%
  Associate-owned drug store                                                               14,200           14,100           0.7 %




                                                                  2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   17
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Capital Investments Capital investments were $2,200 million, an increase of $91 million or 4.3%, compared
 to 2023.

 Cash Flows used in Financing Activities Cash flows used in financing activities were $3,816 million, a decrease of
 $116 million when compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by higher net issuance
 of long term debt and an increase in demand deposits from customers, partially offset by higher repayments of
 short term debt in the current year versus higher issuance in the prior year, and higher proceeds from financial
 liabilities in the prior year.

 Free Cash Flow(2)

                                                                                       2024                                                2023
                                                                                  (52 weeks)                                          (52 weeks)
 For the years ended December 28, 2024
  and December 30, 2023                                  Financial      Elimi-                               Financial      Elimi-
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                 Retail   Services    nations(i)        Total        Retail   Services    nations(i)          Total
 Cash flows from operating
  activities                              $ 5,449 $ 205 $                148 $ 5,802           $ 5,480 $          46 $       128 $ 5,654
 Less:
    Capital investments(ii)                   2,160           40           —         2,200        2,069           40           —          2,109
    Interest paid                               295            —         148           443          293            —         128             421
    Lease payments, net                       1,488            —           —          1,488        1,424           —           —            1,424
                      (2)
 Free cash flow                           $ 1,506 $          165 $         — $ 1,671           $ 1,694 $            6 $        — $ 1,700


 (i) Interest paid is included in cash flows from operating activities under the Financial Services segment.
 (ii) Capital investments are the sum of fixed asset purchases and intangible asset additions as presented in the Company’s Consolidated
      Statements of Cash Flows, and prepayments transferred to fixed assets in the current period. Capital investments for the year ended
      December 30, 2023 included $37 million of prepayments transferred to fixed assets.

 Free cash flow(2) from the Retail Segment was $1,506 million, a decrease of $188 million when compared to 2023.
 The decrease was primarily driven by higher income taxes paid in the current year and an unfavourable change in
 other non-cash items, partially offset by higher cash earnings and the year-over-year change in provisions and non-
 cash working capital. Higher capital investments and higher lease payments also impacted the Retail segment free
 cash flow when compared to 2023.

 Free cash flow(2) from the Financial Services segment was $165 million, an increase of $159 million when compared
 to 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher earnings, and credit card receivables increasing year-over-
 year at a rate lower than prior year, partially offset by higher income taxes paid in the current year.




18 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
7.2 Liquidity and Capital Structure

The Company expects that cash and cash equivalents, short term investments, future operating cash flows and the
amounts available to be drawn against committed credit facilities will enable the Company to finance its capital
investment program and fund its ongoing business requirements over the next 12 months, including working
capital, pension plan funding requirements and financial obligations.

PC Bank expects to obtain long term financing for its credit card portfolio through the issuance of Eagle Credit Card
Trust (“Eagle”) notes and GICs.

The following table presents total debt by reportable operating segment:

                                                                                               As at                                        As at
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    December 28, 2024                            December 30, 2023
                                                                                  Financial                                    Financial
                                                                       Retail     Services           Total          Retail     Services            Total
Bank indebtedness                                                $      — $     — $      —                    $     13 $     — $       13
Demand deposits from customers                                          —     353      353                          —      166       166
Short term debt                                                         —     800      800                          —      850      850
Long term debt due within one year                                      —     631      631                        400       791     1,191
Long term debt                                                      5,288   2,282    7,570                      4,460    2,201    6,661
Certain other liabilities(i)                                          294       —      294                        280        —      280
Total debt excluding lease liabilities                           $ 5,582 $ 4,066 $ 9,648                      $ 5,153 $ 4,008 $ 9,161
Lease liabilities due within one year                               1,648       —    1,648                      1,455        —    1,455
Lease liabilities                                                   8,535       —    8,535                      8,003        —   8,003
Total debt including total lease liabilities                     $ 15,765 $ 4,066 $ 19,831                    $ 14,611 $ 4,008 $ 18,619


(i) As at December 28, 2024, certain other liabilities include financial liabilities of $192 million related to the sale and leaseback of retail
    properties (December 30, 2023 – $190 million) (see note 27: Leases of the Company’s consolidated financial statements).

Retail The Company manages its capital structure with the objective of maintaining Retail segment credit metrics
consistent with those of investment grade retailers. The Company calculates the Retail segment’s debt to rolling
year retail adjusted EBITDA(2) ratio to measure the leverage being employed.

                                                                                                              As at                          As at
                                                                                                 December 28, 2024              December 30, 2023
Retail debt to retail adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                            2.4 x                          2.3 x


The Retail debt to retail adjusted EBITDA(2) ratio as at December 28, 2024 increased compared to
December 30, 2023, primarily driven by an increase in retail debt partially offset by an improvement in adjusted
EBITDA(2).

President’s Choice Bank PC Bank’s capital management objectives are to maintain a consistently strong capital
position while considering the economic risks generated by its credit card receivables portfolio and to meet all
regulatory requirements as defined by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (“OSFI”).

Covenants and Regulatory Requirements The Company is required to comply with certain financial covenants for
various debt instruments. As at December 28, 2024 and throughout the year, the Company was in compliance with
such covenants. As at December 28, 2024 and throughout the year, PC Bank has met all applicable regulatory
requirements.




                                                                           2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited             19
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 7.3 Components of Total Debt

 Debentures The following table summarizes the debentures issued in 2024. There were no debentures issued in
 2023.
                                                                                                                              Principal
                                                                             Interest                                         Amount
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)             Rate             Maturity Date                     2024
 Loblaw Companies Limited Notes(i)                                           3.56%            December 12, 2029           $         400
 Loblaw Companies Limited Notes(ii)                                          5.12%            March 4, 2054                         400
 Total debentures issued                                                                                                  $         800


 (i) The Company used the net proceeds of this issuance to redeem all issued and outstanding Second Preferred Shares, Series B on January 8,
      2025.
 (ii) The Company used the net proceeds of this issuance to partially fund the redemption of the $400 million aggregate principal amount of
      3.92% senior unsecured notes on June 10, 2024.

 The following table summarizes the debentures repaid in 2024. There were no debentures repaid in 2023.
                                                                                                                              Principal
                                                                             Interest                                         Amount
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)             Rate             Maturity Date                     2024
 Loblaw Companies Limited Notes                                              3.92%            June 10, 2024               $         400
 Total debentures repaid                                                                                                  $         400


 Committed Credit Facility The Company has a committed credit facility for $1.5 billion with a maturity date of
 July 15, 2027, provided by a syndicate of lenders. This committed credit facility contains certain financial covenants
 (see note 23 of the Company’s consolidated financial statements). As at December 28, 2024 and December 30,
 2023, there were no amounts drawn under this facility.
 Independent Securitization Trusts The Company, through PC Bank, participates in various securitization programs
 that provide a source of funds for the operation of its credit card business. PC Bank maintains and monitors a co-
 ownership interest in credit card receivables with independent securitization trusts, including Eagle and Other
 Independent Securitization Trusts, in accordance with its financing requirements.
 The following table summarizes the amounts securitized to independent securitization trusts:

                                                                                                       As at                      As at
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                           December 28, 2024          December 30, 2023
 Securitized to independent securitization trusts:
  Securitized to Eagle Credit Card Trust                                                  $              1,450      $                1,350
  Securitized to Other Independent Securitization Trusts                                                   800                         850
 Total securitized to independent securitization trusts                                   $              2,250      $               2,200


 Under its securitization programs, PC Bank is required to maintain, at all times, a credit card receivable pool
 balance equal to a minimum of 107% of the outstanding securitized liability. PC Bank was in compliance with this
 requirement as at December 28, 2024 and throughout 2024.
 During 2024, Eagle issued $350 million (2023 – $250 million) of senior and subordinated term notes with a
 maturity date of June 17, 2029 (2023 – June 17, 2028). These notes have a weighted average interest rate of 5.03%
 (2023 – 5.25%). In connection with this issuance, $150 million (2023 – $125 million) of bond forward agreements
 were settled, resulting in a realized fair value gain of $2 million (2023 – gain of $4 million) before income taxes. The
 gain on the bond forwards will be reclassified to net earnings over the life of the Eagle notes. This settlement
 resulted in a net effective interest rate of 4.91% (2023 – 4.95%) on the Eagle notes issued (see note 28 of the
 Company’s consolidated financial statements).
 Senior and subordinated term notes of $250 million (2023 – $250 million) at a weighted average interest rate of
 2.28% (2023 – 3.10%), previously issued by Eagle, matured and were repaid on July 17, 2024 (2023 – July 17,
 2023).


20 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Independent Funding Trusts As at December 28, 2024, the independent funding trusts had drawn $590 million
(December 30, 2023 – $558 million) from the revolving committed credit facility that is the source of funding to the
independent funding trusts. The Company provides credit enhancement in the form of a standby letter of credit for
the benefit of the independent funding trusts. As at December 28, 2024, the Company provided a credit
enhancement of $64 million (December 30, 2023 – $64 million) for the benefit of the independent funding trusts
representing not less than 10% (December 30, 2023 – not less than 10%) of the principal amount of loans
outstanding.

The Company has a $700 million revolving committed credit facility that is the source of funding to the
independent funding trusts that has a maturity date of May 29, 2027.

Guaranteed Investment Certificates The following table summarizes PC Bank’s GICs activity, before commissions,
in 2024 and 2023:

                                                                             December 28, 2024        December 30, 2023
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                      (52 weeks)               (52 weeks)
Balance, beginning of year                                                   $              1,654     $              1,567
GICs issued                                                                                   375                      583
GICs matured                                                                                 (552)                    (496)
Balance, end of year                                                         $              1,477     $              1,654



As at December 28, 2024, $331 million in GICs were recorded as long term debt due within one year
(December 30, 2023 – $541 million).

Associate Guarantees The Company has arranged for its Associates to obtain financing to facilitate their inventory
purchases and fund their working capital requirements by providing guarantees to various Canadian chartered
banks that support Associate loans. As at December 28, 2024, the Company’s maximum obligation in respect of
such guarantees was $580 million (December 30, 2023 – $580 million) with an aggregate amount of $476 million
(December 30, 2023 – $476 million) in available lines of credit allocated to the Associates by the various banks. As
at December 28, 2024, Associates had drawn a nominal amount (December 30, 2023 – $13 million) against these
available lines of credit. Any amounts drawn by the Associates are included in bank indebtedness on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets. As recourse, in the event that any payments are made under the
guarantees, the Company holds a first-ranking security interest on all assets of Associates, subject to certain prior-
ranking statutory claims.

7.4 Financial Condition

Adjusted return on equity(2) and Adjusted return on capital(2)

                                                                                            As at                     As at
                                                                            December 28, 2024         December 30, 2023
Adjusted return on equity(2)                                                              23.6 %                    22.2 %
Adjusted return on capital(2)                                                              11.8 %                    11.5 %



Adjusted return on equity(2) as at December 28, 2024 increased compared to December 30, 2023, primarily due to
an improvement in the underlying operating performance of the Retail segment and Financial Services segment.

Adjusted return on capital(2) as at December 28, 2024 increased compared to December 30, 2023, primarily due to
an improvement in adjusted operating income(2) partially offset by an increase in average capital, primarily due to an
increase in lease liabilities and long term debt.




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   21
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 7.5 Credit Ratings

 The following table sets out the current credit ratings of the Company:

                                                                       Morningstar DBRS               Standard & Poor’s
 Credit Ratings (Canadian Standards)                                Credit Rating   Trend          Credit Rating     Outlook
 Issuer rating                                                      BBB (high)      Stable         BBB+              Stable
 Medium term notes                                                  BBB (high)      Stable         BBB+              n/a
 Second Preferred Shares, Series B                                  Pfd-3 (high)    Stable         P-2 (low)         n/a

 In 2024, Morningstar Dominion Bond Rating Service (“DBRS”) confirmed the credit ratings and trend of the
 Company. Standard and Poor’s Global Ratings reaffirmed the outlook of the Company and upgraded the ratings
 from BBB to BBB+ for issuer rating and medium term notes, and from P-3 (high) to P-2 (low) for second preferred
 shares, Series B.

 7.6 Share Capital

 First Preferred Shares (authorized - 1.0 million shares) There were no First Preferred Shares outstanding as at
 December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023.

 Second Preferred Shares (authorized - unlimited) In the fourth quarter of 2024, pursuant to the terms of the Series
 B preferred share agreement, the Company announced its intention to redeem for cash all of its 9.0 million 5.3%
 non-voting Second Preferred Shares, Series B. The redemption occurred on January 8, 2025 and the shares were
 redeemed for an aggregate amount of $225 million, plus accrued and unpaid dividends ($0.02944 per share) up to
 but excluding the redemption date, less any tax required to be deducted and withheld by the Company. As at
 December 28, 2024, the Preferred Shares, Series B were recorded in current liabilities at the redemption amount.
 Common Shares (authorized – unlimited) Common shares issued are fully paid and have no par value. The
 activities in the common shares issued and outstanding were as follows:

                                                                            December 28, 2024            December 30, 2023
                                                                                   (52 weeks)                   (52 weeks)
                                                                           Number of    Common           Number of     Common
                                                                            Common        Share           Common         Share
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)              Shares     Capital            Shares      Capital
 Issued and outstanding, beginning of year                            310,526,379 $ 6,281          324,062,608 $ 6,489
   Issued for settlement of stock options                                 2,178,132     166               984,923      69
   Purchased and cancelled                                            (10,968,458)     (232)          (14,521,152)   (277)
 Issued and outstanding, end of year                                  301,736,053 $ 6,215           310,526,379 $ 6,281
 Share held in trust, beginning of year                                 (1,269,239) $   (25)           (1,222,278) $  (24)
   Purchased for future settlement of RSUs and PSUs                       (420,000)       (8)           (625,000)      (13)
   Released for settlement of RSUs and PSUs                                 707,115       14              578,039       12
 Share held in trust, end of year                                          (982,124) $   (19)         (1,269,239) $   (25)
 Issued and outstanding, net of shares held in trust,
   end of year                                                       300,753,929 $ 6,196            309,257,140 $ 6,256
 Weighted average outstanding, net of shares held in trust           305,051,090                     316,732,641




22 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Dividends The declaration and payment of dividends on the Company’s common shares and the amount thereof
are at the discretion of the Board of Directors (“Board”), which takes into account the Company’s financial results,
capital requirements, available cash flow, future prospects of the Company’s business and other factors considered
relevant from time to time. Over the long term, it is the Company’s intention to increase the amount of the dividend
while retaining appropriate free cash flow to finance future growth. In the second quarter of 2024, the Board raised
the quarterly dividend by $0.067 to $0.513 per common share. The following table summarizes the Company’s
cash dividends declared for the years as indicated:

                                                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                (i)
 Dividends declared per share ($)
  Common Share                                                                                              $       1.985       $       1.743
  Second Preferred Share, Series B                                                                          $       1.325       $       1.325


(i) The Common Share dividends declared in the fourth quarter of 2024 of $0.513 per share had a payment date of December 30, 2024.
    The Second Preferred Shares, Series B dividends declared in the fourth quarter of 2024 of $0.33125 per share had a payment date of
    December 31, 2024.


 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                      2024                2023
 Dividends declared
  Common Share                                                                                              $         604       $        550
  Second Preferred Share, Series B                                                                                     12                 12
 Total dividends declared                                                                                   $         616       $        562



Subsequent to December 28, 2024, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.513 per common share, payable
on April 1, 2025 to shareholders of record on March 15, 2025.

Normal Course Issuer Bid Activities under the Company’s Normal Course Issuer Bid (“NCIB”) during the periods
were as follows:

                                                                                             December 28, 2024          December 30, 2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                                    (52 weeks)                 (52 weeks)
  Common shares repurchased under the NCIB for cancellation
   (number of shares)(i)                                                                             10,968,458                     14,521,152
   Cash consideration paid(ii)                                                              $             1,754        $                 1,729
   Premium charged to retained earnings(iii)                                                               1,661                         1,352
 Reduction in common share capital(iv)                                                                      232                            277
 Common shares repurchased under the NCIB and held in trust
   (number of shares)                                                                                   420,000                      625,000
 Cash consideration paid                                                                    $                72        $                  72
   Premium charged to retained earnings                                                                      64                           59
 Reduction in common share capital                                                                            8                            13


(i)   Common shares repurchased and cancelled as at December 28, 2024 do not include the shares that may be repurchased subsequent to
      the end of the quarter under the automatic share repurchase plan, as described below.
(ii) $5 million of cash consideration related to common shares repurchased under NCIB for cancellation in the third quarter of 2024 was paid in
      the fourth quarter of 2024.
(iii) Premium charged to retained earnings includes $182 million related to the automatic share purchase plan, as described below.
(iv) Includes $22 million related to the automatic share purchase plan, as described below.




                                                                      2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited        23
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company renewed its NCIB to purchase on the Toronto Stock Exchange or
 through alternative trading systems up to 15,336,875 of the Company’s common shares, representing
 approximately 5% of issued and outstanding common shares. As at December 28, 2024, the Company had
 purchased 5,947,668 common shares for cancellation under its current NCIB. The Company is still permitted to
 purchase its common shares from Weston under its NCIB, pursuant to an automatic disposition plan agreement
 among the Company’s broker, the Company and Weston, in order for Weston to maintain its proportionate
 ownership interest in the Company. The maximum number of common shares that may be purchased pursuant to
 the NCIB will be reduced by the number of common shares purchased from Weston.

 During 2024, 10,968,458 common shares (2023 – 14,521,152) were purchased under the NCIB for cancellation, for
 aggregate consideration of $1,754 million (2023 – $1,729 million), including 4,620,023 common shares (2023 –
 7,132,579) purchased from Weston, for aggregate consideration of $746 million (2023 – $847 million).

 From time to time, the Company participates in an automatic share purchase plan (“ASPP”) with a broker in order to
 facilitate the repurchase of the Company’s common shares under its NCIB. During the effective period of the ASPP,
 the Company’s broker may purchase common shares at times when the Company would not be active in the
 market. As at December 28, 2024, an obligation to repurchase shares of $200 million was recognized under the
 ASPP in trade payables and other liabilities.

 7.7 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

 The following is a summary of the Company’s off-balance sheet arrangements. Certain significant arrangements
 have also been discussed in Section 7.3 “Components of Total Debt”.

 Letters of Credit Standby and documentary letters of credit are used in connection with certain obligations mainly
 related to real estate transactions, benefit programs, purchase orders and other performance guarantees, surety
 bond, securitization of PC Bank’s credit card receivables, letter of credit and third party financing made available to
 the Company’s franchisees. The gross potential liability related to the Company’s letters of credit is approximately
 $478 million as at December 28, 2024 (December 30, 2023 – $457 million).

 Guarantees In addition to the letters of credit mentioned above, the Company has entered into various guarantee
 arrangements including obligations to indemnify third parties in connection with leases and other transactions in
 the normal course of business.

 Lease Obligations In connection with historical dispositions of certain of its assets, the Company has assigned
 leases to third parties. The Company remains contingently liable for these lease obligations in the event any of the
 assignees are in default of their lease obligations. The Company has guaranteed lease obligations of a third party
 distributor in the amount of $2 million (December 30, 2023 – $3 million).

 Financial Services The Company has provided a guarantee on behalf of PC Bank to Mastercard for accepting
 PC Bank as a card member and licensee of Mastercard. As at December 28, 2024, the guarantee on behalf of
 PC Bank to Mastercard was $190 million USD (December 30, 2023 – $190 million USD).

 Cash Collateralization As at December 28, 2024, the Company had agreements to cash collateralize certain of its
 uncommitted credit facilities up to an amount of $94 million (December 30, 2023 – $93 million), of which a nominal
 amount (December 30, 2023 – nominal) was deposited with major financial institutions and classified as security
 deposits, which is included in other assets.




24 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
7.8 Contractual Obligations

The following illustrates certain of the Company’s significant contractual obligations and discusses other
obligations as at December 28, 2024:

Summary of Contractual Obligations
                                                                                         Payments due by year
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                2025          2026          2027          2028          2029    Thereafter          Total
                                                    (i)
Total debt (including interest payments )                 $ 2,152 $   913 $ 1,587 $ 1,503 $ 1,449 $ 5,640 $ 13,244
Foreign exchange forward contracts                            310      —       —        —       —       —       310
Trade payables and other liabilities                        7,531      —       —        —       —       —     7,531
Associate interest                                            255      —       —        —       —       —      255
Financial liabilities(ii)                                      13      12      12      12      13      141     203
Lease obligations                                           1,702   1,487   1,327   1,067     954   3,383    9,920
Contracts for purchases of investment
  projects(iii)                                                200      51    157       40       7       —     455
Purchase obligations(iv)                                       706    647       78      45       —       —   1,476
Total contractual obligations                             $ 12,869 $ 3,110 $ 3,161 $ 2,667 $ 2,423 $ 9,164 $33,394
(i) Fixed interest payments are based on the maturing face values and annual interest for each instrument, including GICs, long term
      independent securitization trusts and an independent funding trust, as well as annual payment obligations for structured entities. Variable
      interest payments are based on the forward rates as of December 28, 2024.
(ii) These are the contractual payments that the Company is committed to related to the sale of retail properties to Choice Properties Real
      Estate Investment Trust and third parties.
(iii) These obligations include agreements for the purchase of equipment, real property and capital commitments for construction, expansion
      and renovation of buildings. These agreements may contain conditions that may or may not be satisfied. If the conditions are not satisfied, it
      is possible the Company will no longer have the obligation to proceed with the underlying transactions.
(iv) These obligations include contractual obligations to purchase goods or services of a material amount where the contract prescribes fixed or
      minimum volumes to be purchased or payments to be made within a fixed period of time for a set or variable price. These are only estimates
      of anticipated financial commitments under these arrangements and the amount of actual payments will vary. These purchase obligations do
      not include purchase orders issued or agreements made in the ordinary course of business which are solely for goods which are meant for
      resale, nor do they include any contracts which may be terminated on relatively short notice or with relatively insignificant cost or liability to
      the Company.

At year end, the Company had additional long term liabilities which included post-employment and other long term
employee benefit plan liabilities, deferred vendor allowances, deferred income tax liabilities and provisions,
including insurance liabilities. These long term liabilities have not been included above as the timing and amount of
future payments are uncertain.




                                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited            25
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 8. Financial Derivative Instruments
 The Company uses derivative instruments to offset certain of its financial risks. The Company uses bond forwards
 and interest rate swaps, to manage its anticipated exposure to fluctuations in interest rates on future debt
 issuances. The Company also uses futures, options and forward contracts to manage its anticipated exposure to
 fluctuations in commodity prices and exchange rates in its underlying operations.

 The following is a summary of the fair values recognized on the consolidated balance sheets and the net realized
 and unrealized gains (losses) before income taxes related to the Company’s financial derivative instruments
 designated as cash flow hedges:
                                                                                       December 28, 2024                                  December 30, 2023
                                                                                              (52 weeks)                                                     (52 weeks)
                                                                                                         Gain/(loss)                                           Gain/(loss)
                                                                        Net asset/     Gain/(loss)      recorded in        Net asset/      Gain/(loss)        recorded in
                                                                         (liability)    recorded          operating         (liability)     recorded            operating
  (millions of Canadian dollars)                                        Fair value         in OCI           income         Fair value          in OCI             income

  Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
  Foreign Exchange Forwards(i)                     $                            1 $            (1) $                  1    $          7 $            (2) $             2
                 (ii)
  Bond Forwards                                                                —               4                    (3)              —                11              (4)
  Interest Rate Swaps(iii)                                                     —               (1)                    1               1              —                 2
  Energy Hedge(iv)                                                            (15)           (12)                   —                (4)             (4)              —
  Total derivatives designated as cash flow hedges $                          (14) $         (10) $                  (1)   $          4 $             5 $             —


 (i) PC Bank uses foreign exchange forwards, with a notional value of $11 million USD, to manage its foreign exchange risk related to certain U.S.
     payables. The fair value of the derivatives is included in prepaid expenses and other assets.
 (ii) The Company uses bond forwards to manage its interest risk related to future debt issuances. During 2024, PC Bank settled all of its
      outstanding bond forwards.
 (iii) PC Bank uses interest rate swaps, with a notional value of $180 million, to mitigate the impact of increases in interest rates. The fair value of
       the derivatives is included in prepaid expenses and other assets.
 (iv) In 2023, the Company entered into a 20 year arrangement to hedge energy pricing on its purchases in Alberta beginning on January 1,
      2025. The hedge has a notional value of $223 million. The fair value of the derivative is included in other liabilities.

 The Company also uses futures, options and forward contracts to manage its anticipated exposure to fluctuations
 in commodity prices and exchange rates on its underlying operations. These derivative instruments are not
 designated in a formal hedging relationship. For further details on the impact of these instruments during 2024 see
 Section 17 “Non-GAAP and other Financial Measures” of the MD&A.

 The following is a summary of the fair values recognized on the consolidated balance sheets and the net realized
 and unrealized gains (losses) before income taxes related to the Company’s financial derivative instruments not
 designated in a formal hedging relationship:

                                                                                                     December 28, 2024                     December 30, 2023
                                                                                                            (52 weeks)                            (52 weeks)
                                                                                                                       Gain/(loss)                             Gain/(loss)
                                                                                                     Net asset/       recorded in             Net asset/      recorded in
                                                                                                      (liability)       operating              (liability)      operating
  (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                     Fair value           income              Fair value          income

  Derivatives not designated in a formal hedging relationship
  Foreign Exchange and Other Forwards                                                            $           5        $        26         $           (3) $           (4)
  Other Non-Financial Derivatives                                                                            —                  2                     (4)              (7)
  Total derivatives not designated in a formal hedging relationship                              $           5        $        28         $           (7) $           (11)




26 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
9. Quarterly Results of Operations

9.1 Results by Quarter

The Company follows a 52-week reporting cycle which periodically necessitates a fiscal year of 53 weeks due to
an accounting convention common in the retail industry. Fiscal years 2024 and 2023 were both 52 weeks.
The 52-week reporting cycle is divided into four quarters of 12 weeks each except for the third quarter, which is
16 weeks in duration.

The following is a summary of selected consolidated financial information for each of the eight most recently
completed quarters:

Summary of Consolidated Quarterly Results

                                                                                     2024                                                                2023
(millions of Canadian           First      Second          Third       Fourth                       First      Second          Third       Fourth
 dollars except where        Quarter       Quarter       Quarter      Quarter        Total       Quarter       Quarter       Quarter      Quarter        Total
 otherwise indicated)     (12 weeks)    (12 weeks)    (16 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (52 weeks)    (12 weeks)    (12 weeks)    (16 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (52 weeks)
Revenue                   $13,581       $13,947       $18,538      $14,948      $ 61,014      $12,995       $13,738       $18,265      $14,531      $59,529
                    (2)
Adjusted EBITDA             1,544           1,713      2,069         1,698          7,024         1,448         1,640       1,926        1,633          6,647
Net earnings
 available to
 common
 shareholders of
 the Company                  459            457          777         462           2,155          418           508          621          541          2,088
Adjusted net
 earnings available
 to common
 shareholders of
 the Company(2)               537           664          767          669           2,637          505           626          719         630           2,480
Net earnings per
 common share:
  Basic ($)               $ 1.48        $   1.49      $ 2.55       $ 1.53       $    7.06     $    1.30     $    1.59     $ 1.97       $ 1.73       $ 6.59
  Diluted ($)             $ 1.47        $   1.48      $ 2.53       $ 1.52       $ 6.99        $    1.29     $    1.58     $ 1.95       $ 1.72       $ 6.52
Adjusted diluted net
 earnings per
 common share(2) ($)      $ 1.72        $   2.15      $ 2.50       $ 2.20       $ 8.55        $    1.55     $    1.94     $ 2.26       $ 2.00       $    7.75
Food Retail same-
 store sales growth            3.4 %         0.2 %        0.5 %        2.5 %          1.5 %         3.1 %         6.1 %       4.5 %        2.0 %          3.9 %
Drug Retail same-
 store sales growth           4.0 %           1.5 %       2.9 %         1.3 %         2.4 %         7.4 %         5.7 %       4.6 %        4.6 %          5.4 %




                                                                             2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited                 27
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Revenue Revenue for the last eight quarters was impacted by various factors including the following:
 •   seasonality, which was greatest in the fourth quarter and least in the first quarter;
 •   the timing of holidays;
 •   macro-economic conditions impacting food and drug retail prices; and
 •   changes in net retail square footage. Over the past eight quarters, net retail square footage has increased by
     0.8 million square feet to 72.0 million square feet.
 Net Earnings Available to Common Shareholders of the Company and Diluted Net Earnings Per Common Share
 Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company and diluted net earnings per common share for
 the last eight quarters were impacted by the following items:
 •   seasonality, which was greatest in the fourth quarter and least in the first quarter;
 •   the timing of holidays;
 •   cost savings, operating efficiencies and benefits from strategic initiatives;
 •   the favourable impact of the repurchase of common shares for cancellation; and
 •   the impact of certain adjusting items, as set out in Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures”,
     including:
       ◦    charges related to the settlement of class action lawsuits;
       ◦    the PC Optimum loyalty program, including the revaluation of the loyalty liability;
       ◦    the fair value write-down related to the sale of Wellwise;
       ◦    fair value adjustments on non-operating properties;
       ◦    the gains on sale of non-operating properties;
       ◦    fair value adjustments on fuel and foreign currency contracts; and
       ◦    the recoveries and charge related to PC Bank commodity tax matters.




28 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
9.2 Fourth Quarter Results

The following is a summary of selected consolidated financial information for the fourth quarter of 2024:

For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                            2024               2023
(millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                     (12 weeks)         (12 weeks)   $ Change % Change
Revenue                                                                         $ 14,948           $    14,531      $     417           2.9 %
Operating income                                                                     852                   943            (91)         (9.7)%
Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                 1,698                 1,633            65            4.0 %
Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                            11.4 %                11.2 %
Depreciation and amortization                                                   $    694           $       680      $       14          2.1 %
Net interest expense and other financing charges                                     199                   195               4          2.1 %
Adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges(2)                         199                   195               4          2.1 %
Income taxes                                                                         185                   188              (3)        (1.6)%
Adjusted income taxes(2)                                                             245                   224              21         9.4 %
Adjusted effective tax rate(2)                                                      26.6 %                25.7 %
Net (losses) earnings attributable to non-controlling interests                 $       (1)        $         16     $      (17) (106.3)%
Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company                        $    469           $       544      $     (75) (13.8)%
Net earnings available to common shareholders
   of the Company(i)                                                                   462                 541            (79)     (14.6)%
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
   of the Company(2)                                                                   669                630            39         6.2 %
Diluted net earnings per common share ($)                                       $      1.52        $      1.72      $ (0.20)       (11.6)%
Adjusted diluted net earnings per common share(2) ($)                           $      2.20        $      2.00      $ 0.20         10.0 %
Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding
  (in millions)                                                                      304.4               314.9
Cash flows from (used in):
   Operating activities                                                         $    1,587         $    1,405       $   182         13.0 %
   Investing activities                                                                (715)             (330)         (385)      (116.7)%
   Financing activities                                                               (409)               (819)         410         50.1 %
Dividends declared per common share ($)                                         $ 0.513            $ 0.446          $ 0.067         15.0 %
Dividends declared per Second Preferred Share, Series B ($)                     $ 0.33125          $ 0.33125              —           —


(i) Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company are net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company net of
    dividends declared on the Company’s Second Preferred Shares, Series B and the impact of the redemption of these shares.

In the fourth quarter of 2024, Loblaw maintained its focus on retail excellence and produced another quarter of
strong operational and financial results. Customers continued to seek a combination of quality, value, service, and
convenience, and recognized the strength of the Company’s offer across its store network. Growing customer
engagement of personalized PC Optimum loyalty offers, combined with impactful in-store promotions and more
everyday value drove higher traffic and strong market share gains in Food Retail. In Drug Retail, Pharmacy and
Healthcare Services continued to perform well. Front Store sales reflected growth across the beauty categories, led
by prestige. As expected, this was offset by the impact from the exit from the sale of certain items in the electronics
category. Over the 2024 fiscal year, the Company invested in its network, opening 52 new Drug and Food retail
stores, and 78 new pharmacy care clinics. In 2025, Loblaw plans to further invest in its network by opening
approximately 80 new food and drug stores, and 100 new clinics. The Company also marked a major milestone,
with the opening of its first T&T® Supermarket in the United States in the fourth quarter of 2024. Loblaw’s strategy,
unique assets, and dedicated colleagues position it well to continue to serve the diverse needs of Canadians today
and in the future.




                                                                    2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited        29
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Net Earnings Available to Common Shareholders of the Company and Diluted Net Earnings Per Common Share
 Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company in the fourth quarter of 2024 were $462 million
 ($1.52 per common share). When compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, this was a decrease of $79 million ($0.20
 per common share) or 14.6%. The decrease was driven by an unfavourable change in adjusting items totaling
 $118 million, partially offset by an improvement in the underlying operating performance of $39 million, as
 described below:
 •   the unfavourable change in adjusting items totaling $118 million ($0.40 per common share) was primarily due to
     the following:
      ◦    the unfavourable impact of the charge related to the PC Optimum loyalty program of $94 million ($0.31 per
           common share);
      ◦    the unfavourable impact of the fair value write-down related to the sale of Wellwise of $29 million ($0.10
           per common share); and
      ◦   the unfavourable impact of prior year recovery related to a PC Bank commodity tax matter of $12 million
          ($0.04 per common share);
      partially offset by,
      ◦    the favourable impact of prior year fair value adjustments on fuel and foreign currency contracts of
           $10 million ($0.03 per common share);
      ◦    the year-over-year favourable change in fair value adjustments on non-operating properties of $3 million
           ($0.01 per common share); and
      ◦    the favourable impact of a gain on sale of non-operating properties of $3 million ($0.01 per common
           share).
 •   the improvement in underlying operating performance of $39 million ($0.13 per common share) was primarily
     due to the following:
      ◦    an improvement in the underlying operating performance in the Retail segment driven by an increase in
           gross profit(2), partially offset by an increase in SG&A and depreciation and amortization; and
      ◦    the favourable impact from non-controlling interests.
 •   diluted net earnings per common share also included the favourable impact from the repurchase of common
     shares over the last 12 months ($0.07 per common share).
 Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company(2) were $669 million, an increase of
 $39 million or 6.2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Adjusted net earnings per common share(2) were
 $2.20, an increase of $0.20 or 10.0%. The increase includes the favourable impact from the repurchase of common
 shares.
 Revenue

 For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023               2024             2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)        (12 weeks)       (12 weeks)   $ Change % Change
 Retail                                                             $     14,579     $      14,157 $      422       3.0 %
 Financial Services                                                          476              487           (11)   (2.3)%
 Eliminations                                                                (107)             (113)         6      5.3 %
 Revenue                                                            $     14,948     $      14,531 $       417      2.9 %


 Revenue was $14,948 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. When compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, this was
 an increase of $417 million, or 2.9%. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in Retail segment sales of
 $422 million due to positive same-store sales growth. This was partially offset by a decrease in Financial Services
 segment sales of $11 million.




30 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Operating Income Operating income was $852 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. When compared to the fourth
quarter of 2023, this was a decrease of $91 million, or 9.7%. The decrease was driven by an unfavourable change
in adjusting items totaling $142 million, partially offset by an improvement in underlying operating performance of
$51 million, as described below:
•   the unfavourable change in adjusting items totaling $142 million was primarily due to the following:
    ◦    the unfavourable impact of the charge related to the PC Optimum loyalty program of $129 million;
    ◦    the unfavourable impact of the fair value write-down related to the sale of Wellwise of $23 million; and
    ◦    the unfavourable impact of prior year recovery related to a PC Bank commodity tax matter of $13 million;
     partially offset by,
    ◦    the favourable impact of prior year fair value adjustments on fuel and foreign currency contracts of
         $14 million;
    ◦    the year-over-year favourable change in fair value adjustments on non-operating properties of $6 million;
         and
    ◦    the favourable impact of a gain on sale of non-operating properties of $3 million.
•   the improvement in underlying operating performance of $51 million was primarily due to the following:
    ◦    an improvement in the underlying operating performance of the Retail Segment due to an increase in
         gross profit(2), partially offset by an increase in SG&A and depreciation and amortization; and
    ◦    an improvement in the underlying operating performance in the Financial Services segment.

Adjusted EBITDA(2)

For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                     2024              2023
(millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)              (12 weeks)        (12 weeks)   $ Change % Change
Retail                                                                   $      1,579      $       1,532    $      47        3.1 %
Financial Services                                                                 119                101          18       17.8 %
Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                       $      1,698      $       1,633    $      65        4.0 %


Adjusted EBITDA(2) was $1,698 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. When compared to the fourth quarter of 2023,
this was an increase of $65 million or 4.0%, driven by an increase in the Retail segment of $47 million, and an
increase in the Financial Services segment of $18 million.

Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization was $694 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, an
increase of $14 million or 2.1% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, driven by an increase in the Retail segment
of $14 million. Included in depreciation and amortization was the amortization of intangible assets related to the
acquisitions of Shoppers Drug Mart and Lifemark of $115 million (2023 – $115 million).

Net Interest Expense and Other Financing Charges Net interest expense and other financing charges were
$199 million, an increase of $4 million or 2.1% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily
driven by an increase in interest expense from lease liabilities, partially offset by the capitalization of interest
expense related to the Company’s automated distribution facility.




                                                                  2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   31
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Income Taxes Income tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2024 was $185 million (2023 – $188 million) and the
 effective tax rate was 28.3% (2023 – 25.1%). The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to the
 impact of other non-deductible items.

 Adjusted income tax expense(2) in the fourth quarter of 2024 was $245 million (2023 – $224 million) and the
 adjusted effective tax rate(2) was 26.6% (2023 – 25.7%). The increase in the adjusted effective tax rate(2) was
 primarily attributable to the impact of other non-deductible items.

 Net (Losses) Earnings Attributable To Non-Controlling Interests Net losses attributable to non-controlling
 interests were $1 million, a decrease of $17 million or 106.3% compared to net earnings of $16 million in the fourth
 quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in franchisee earnings after profit sharing. On a
 full year basis, net earnings attributable to non-controlling interests were $104 million, an increase of $17 million or
 19.5% compared to 2023. The increase in non-controlling interests was primarily driven by an increase in franchisee
 earnings after profit sharing. Non-controlling interests represent the share of earnings that relates to the Company’s
 Food Retail franchisees and is impacted by the timing of when profit sharing with franchisees is agreed and
 finalized under the terms of the agreements.

 Cash Flow

 For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023               2024             2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)        (12 weeks)       (12 weeks)   $ Change % Change
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                     $        993     $       1,228    $   (235)    (19.1)%
 Cash flows from (used in):
   Operating activities                                             $      1,587     $       1,405 $       182      13.0 %
   Investing activities                                                      (715)            (330)       (385)   (116.7)%
   Financing activities                                                     (409)              (819)       410      50.1 %
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on
     cash and cash equivalents                                                 6                 4           2     50.0 %
 Increase in cash and cash equivalents                              $        469     $         260    $   209      80.4 %
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                           $      1,462     $       1,488    $    (26)     (1.7)%


 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Cash flows from operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2024 were
 $1,587 million, an increase of $182 million when compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily
 driven by the favourable year-over-year change in non-cash working capital, partially offset by credit card
 receivables increasing year-over-year at a higher rate than prior year, lower cash earnings and higher income taxes
 paid.

 Cash Flows used in Investing Activities Cash flows used in investing activities in the fourth quarter of 2024 were
 $715 million, an increase of $385 million when compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase in cash flows
 used in investing activities was primarily driven by higher purchases of short term investments and a decrease in
 proceeds from disposals of assets.

 Cash Flows used in Financing Activities Cash flows used in financing activities in the fourth quarter of 2024 were
 $409 million, a decrease of $410 million when compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily
 driven by higher net issuance of long term debt, an increase in demand deposits from customers, lower dividends
 paid due to timing of the fourth quarter 2024 dividend payment, and higher repurchases of common shares in the
 current period, partially offset by a decrease in bank indebtedness and others non-cash items.

 Capital Investments Capital investments in the fourth quarter of 2024 were $628 million, a decrease of $48 million
 or 7.1%, compared to the fourth quarter of 2023.




32 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Free Cash Flow(2)
                                                                                            2024                                                  2023
                                                                                       (12 weeks)                                            (12 weeks)
 For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and
   December 30, 2023                                        Financial        Elimi-                               Financial        Elimi-
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                    Retail   Services      nations(i)         Total       Retail   Services      nations(i)         Total
 Cash flows from (used in)
  operating activities                         $ 1,748 $ (209) $               48 $ 1,587            $ 1,495 $       (131) $          41 $ 1,405
 Less:
   Capital investments(ii)                         619      9                   —           628          666           10             —           676
   Interest paid                                    51     —                   48            99           60           —              41           101
   Lease payments, net                             250     —                    —           250          257           —              —           257
 Free cash flow(2)                             $   828 $ (218) $                — $         610      $   512 $       (141) $          — $         371


(i) Interest paid is included in cash flows from operating activities under the Financial Services segment.
(ii) Capital investments are the sum of fixed asset purchases and intangible asset additions as presented in the Company’s Consolidated
     Statements of Cash Flows, and prepayments transferred to fixed assets in the current period. Capital Investments in the fourth quarter of
     2023 included $37 million of prepayments transferred to fixed assets.

Free cash flow(2) from the Retail segment in the fourth quarter of 2024 was $828 million, an increase of $316 million
when compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily driven by the favourable year-over-year
change in non-cash working capital, partially offset by lower cash earnings and higher income taxes paid.

Free cash flow(2) used in the Financial Services segment in the fourth quarter of 2024 was $218 million, an increase
of $77 million when compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily due to credit card
receivables increasing year-over-year at a higher rate than prior year.

Segment Information
                                                                        December 28, 2024                                     December 30, 2023
                                                                               (12 weeks)                                            (12 weeks)
 (unaudited)
                                                            Financial       Elimi-                                Financial       Elimi-
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                    Retail   Services     nations(i)          Total       Retail   Services     nations(i)          Total
               (ii)
 Revenue                                       $14,579 $ 476 $ (107) $14,948                         $ 14,157 $      487 $         (113) $ 14,531
 Operating income                              $ 777 $    75 $    — $ 852                            $ 843 $         100 $           — $ 943
 Net interest expense and other
   financing charges                               162          37              —           199          156          39              —           195
 Earnings before income taxes                  $   615 $        38 $            — $         653      $   687 $         61 $           — $         748
 Operating income                              $   777 $        75 $            — $         852      $   843 $       100 $            — $         943
 Depreciation and amortization                     680          14              —           694          666           14             —           680
 Adjusting items(iii)                              237          30              —           267           138         (13)            —           125
 Less: amortization of intangible
   assets acquired with
   Shoppers Drug Mart and
   Lifemark                                        (115)         —              —     (115)              (115)         —              —     (115)
 Adjusted EBITDA(iii)                          $ 1,579 $        119 $           — $ 1,698            $ 1,532 $        101 $           — $ 1,633
 Depreciation and
  amortization(iv)                                565           14              —    579                 551           14             —     565
 Adjusted operating income                     $ 1,014 $       105 $            — $ 1,119            $   981 $         87 $           — $ 1,068


(i)     Eliminations includes the reclassification of revenue related to PC® Mastercard® loyalty awards in the Financial Services segment.
(ii)    Included in Financial Services revenue is $166 million (December 30, 2023 – $167 million) of interest income.
(iii)   Certain items are excluded from operating income to derive adjusted EBITDA(2). Adjusted EBITDA(2) is used internally by management when
        analyzing segment underlying performance.
(iv)    Depreciation and amortization for the calculation of adjusted EBITDA(2) excludes $115 million (December 30, 2023 – $115 million) of
        amortization of intangible assets acquired with Shoppers Drug Mart and Lifemark.


                                                                         2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited              33
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Retail Segment Fourth Quarter Results of Operations


 For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                2024                 2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)         (12 weeks)           (12 weeks)   $ Change % Change
 Sales                                                               $ 14,579             $    14,157     $    422          3.0 %
 Operating income                                                          777                    843           (66)       (7.8)%
 Gross profit(2)                                                        4,505                  4,409             96         2.2 %
 Gross profit %(2)                                                       30.9 %                    31.1 %
 Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                  $ 1,579              $     1,532     $      47         3.1 %
 Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                10.8 %                  10.8 %
 Depreciation and amortization                                       $      680           $      666       $     14         2.1 %



 The following table provides a breakdown of the Company’s total and same-store sales for the Retail segment.

 For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                                 2024                         2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                          (12 weeks)                   (12 weeks)
                                                                                          Same-store                   Same-store
                                                                                  Sales        sales           Sales        sales
 Food retail                                                                $ 10,138            2.5 %      $ 9,774         2.0 %
 Drug retail                                                                   4,441             1.3 %       4,383         4.6 %
    Pharmacy and healthcare services                                           2,230            6.3 %        2,099         8.0 %
    Front store                                                                 2,211           (3.1)%       2,284          1.7 %



 Sales Retail segment sales were $14,579 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, an increase of $422 million, or 3.0%
 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, primarily driven by the following factors:
 •   Food retail same-store sales growth was 2.5% (2023 – 2.0%) for the quarter. Food retail same-store sales
     growth was approximately 1.5% after excluding the favourable impact of the timing of Thanksgiving.
      ◦   Same-store sales growth in food was moderate;
      ◦   Same-store sales growth in pharmacy was moderate;
      ◦   The Consumer Price Index as measured by The Consumer Price Index for Food Purchased From Stores
          was 2.4% (2023 – 4.9%) which was higher than the Company’s internal food inflation; and
      ◦   Food Retail traffic increased and basket size increased.
 •   Drug retail same-store sales growth was 1.3% (2023 – 4.6%) for the quarter.
     ◦   Pharmacy and healthcare services same-store sales growth was 6.3% (2023 – 8.0%). Pharmacy and
         healthcare services same-store sales growth benefited from an increase in specialty prescription volumes.
         The number of prescriptions dispensed increased by 1.7% (2023 – 3.5%). On a same-store basis, the
         number of prescriptions dispensed increased by 1.7% (2023 – 3.4%) and the average prescription value
         increased by 4.0% (2023 – 3.4%);
     partially offset by,
     ◦ Front store same-store sales decline of 3.1% (2023 – growth of 1.7%). The decline in front store same-store
         sales was primarily driven by the decision to exit certain low margin electronics categories, the impact of
         the closure of postal services during the Canada Post strike, and lower sales of food and household items,
         partially offset by the continued strength in beauty products.
 In the last 12 month, 52 food and drug stores were opened, and 15 food and drug stores were closed, resulting in a
 net increase in Retail square footage of 0.8 million square feet, or 1.1% at 72.0 million square feet.




34 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Operating Income Operating income was $777 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, a decrease of $66 million, or
7.8% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The decrease was driven by an unfavourable change in adjusting
items totaling $99 million, partially offset by an improvement in underlying operating performance of $33 million, as
described below:
•   the unfavourable change in adjusting items totaling $99 million was primarily due to the following:
    ◦   the unfavourable impact of the charge related to the PC Optimum loyalty program of $99 million; and
    ◦   the unfavourable impact of the fair value write-down related to the sale of Wellwise of $23 million;
    partially offset by,
    ◦   the favourable impact of prior year fair value adjustments on fuel and foreign currency contracts of
        $14 million;
    ◦   the year-over-year favourable change in fair value adjustments on non-operating properties of $6 million;
        and
    ◦   the favourable impact of a gain on sale of non-operating properties of $3 million.
•   the improvement in underlying operating performance of $33 million was due to an increase in gross profit(2),
    partially offset by an increase in SG&A and depreciation and amortization.
Gross Profit(2) Gross profit(2) was $4,505 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, an increase of $96 million, or 2.2%
compared to fourth quarter of 2023. The gross profit percentage(2) of 30.9% decreased by 20 basis points,
primarily driven by changes in sales mix, including the impact of the closure of postal services during the Canada
Post strike and the Thanksgiving shift, partially offset by improvements in shrink.

Adjusted EBITDA(2) Adjusted EBITDA(2) was $1,579 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, an increase of $47 million,
or 3.1% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase was driven by an increase in gross profit(2) of
$96 million, partially offset by an increase in SG&A of $49 million. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 20.1%, a
favourable decrease of 20 basis points, primarily due to the year-over-year impact of labour costs including
expenses related to the ratification of union labour agreements in the prior year, and operating leverage from
higher sales, partially offset by the year-over-year impact of certain real estate activities.

Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization was $680 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, an
increase of $14 million or 2.1% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase in depreciation and
amortization in the fourth quarter of 2024 was primarily driven by an increase in leased assets and an increase in
depreciation of fixed assets related to conversions of retail locations, partially offset the impact of prior year
accelerated depreciation as a result of network optimization. Included in depreciation and amortization was the
amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisitions of Shoppers Drug Mart and Lifemark of $115 million
(2023 – $115 million).




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   35
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Financial Services Segment Fourth Quarter Results of Operations

 For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                           2024             2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                    (12 weeks)       (12 weeks)   $ Change % Change
 Revenue                                                                        $        476     $        487 $         (11)    (2.3)%
 Earnings before income taxes                                                             38               61          (23)    (37.7)%



                                                                                 As at                  As at
  (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)   December 28, 2024      December 30, 2023      $ Change % Change
  Average quarterly net credit card receivables                     $         4,010        $          3,950       $    60       1.5 %
  Credit card receivables                                                     4,230                    4,132           98       2.4 %
  Allowance for credit card receivables                                         263                     256             7       2.7 %
  Annualized yield on average quarterly gross
   credit card receivables                                                     14.3 %                   13.9 %
  Annualized credit loss rate on average quarterly
   gross credit card receivables                                                4.5 %                    3.8 %



 Revenue Revenue was $476 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, a decrease of $11 million compared to the fourth
 quarter of 2023. The decrease in the fourth quarter was primarily driven by lower sales attributable to The Mobile
 Shop.

 Earnings Before Income Taxes Earnings before income taxes were $38 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, a
 decrease of $23 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. The decrease in the fourth quarter was primarily
 driven by:
 •    lapping of prior year benefits associated with the renewal of a long-term agreement with Mastercard; and
 •   a PC Optimum loyalty program charge of $30 million (see Section 5.2 “Other Business Matters” above);
 partially offset by,
 •    the year-over-year favourable impact of the expected credit loss provision from the prior year increase of
      $25 million versus current year release of $11 million.
 Credit Card Receivables As at December 28, 2024, credit card receivables were $4,230 million, an increase of
 $98 million compared to December 30, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in customer
 spending. The expected credit loss allowance for credit card receivables was $263 million, an increase of
 $7 million compared to December 30, 2023. The increase is reflective of the current and forecasted macro-
 economic environment and its impact on consumer credit trends.




36 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
10. Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures to
provide reasonable assurance that all material information relating to the Company and its subsidiaries is gathered
and reported to senior management on a timely basis so that appropriate decisions can be made regarding public
disclosure.

As required by National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings
(“NI 52-109”), the President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) have caused
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures to be evaluated. Based on that evaluation,
management, under the supervision of the President and CEO and the CFO, have concluded that the design and
operation of the system of disclosure controls and procedures were effective as at December 28, 2024.

11. Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

As required by NI 52-109, the President and CEO, and the CFO have caused the effectiveness of the internal
controls over financial reporting to be evaluated using the framework established in ‘Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (COSO Framework)’ published by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO), 2013. Based on that evaluation, management, under the supervision of the President and
CEO and the CFO, have concluded that the design and operation of the Company’s internal controls over financial
reporting were effective as at December 28, 2024.

In designing such controls, it should be recognized that due to inherent limitations, any control, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluations of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Additionally, management is required to use judgment
in evaluating controls and procedures.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company’s internal controls
over financial reporting in 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting.




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   37
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 12. Enterprise Risks and Risk Management
 The Company is committed to maintaining a framework that ensures risk management is an integral part of its
 activities. The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) program assists all areas of the business in
 managing risks within appropriate levels of tolerance by bringing a systematic approach and methodology for
 evaluating, measuring and monitoring key risks. The results of the ERM program and other business planning
 processes are used to identify emerging risks to the Company, prioritize risk mitigation activities and develop a
 risk-based internal audit plan.
 Risks are not eliminated through the ERM program, but rather, are identified and managed in line with the
 Company’s Risk Appetite Statement and within approved risk tolerances. The Risk Appetite Statement articulates
 key aspects of the Company’s businesses, values, and brands and provides directional guidance on risk taking.




 (i)  Risks are assessed and evaluated based on the Company’s vulnerability to the risk and the potential impact that the underlying risks would
      have on the Company’s ability to execute on its strategies and achieve its objectives.
 (ii) Any of the key risks have the potential to negatively affect the Company and its financial performance. The Company has risk management
      strategies in place for key risks. However, there can be no assurance that the risks will be mitigated or will not materialize or that events or
      circumstances will not occur that could adversely affect the reputation, operations or financial condition or performance of the Company.




38 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
12.1 Operating Risks and Risk Management

The following discussion of risks identifies significant factors that could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business, operations, financial condition or future financial performance.

The following risks are a subset of the key risks identified through the ERM program. They should be read in
conjunction with the full set of risks inherent in the Company’s business, as included in the Company’s AIF for the
year ended December 28, 2024, which is hereby incorporated by reference:

Economic Conditions                                         Competitive Environment and Strategy

Cybersecurity, Privacy and Data Breaches                    Food, Drug, Product and Services Safety

IT Systems Implementations and Data Management              Labour Relations

Inventory Management and Shrink                             Environmental and Social

Healthcare Reform                                           Business Continuity

Distribution and Supply Chain                               Legal Proceedings

Associate-owned Drug Store Network and                      Change Management, Process and Efficiency
Relationships with Associates
Electronic Commerce and Disruptive Technologies             Franchisee Relationships

Regulatory Compliance                                       Service Providers

Colleague Attraction, Development and
Succession Planning

Economic Conditions The Company’s revenue, profitability, brand and reputation may be impacted by general
economic conditions. These economic conditions include inflation, impact of tariffs, price increases from suppliers,
levels of employment, costs of borrowing, household debt, political uncertainty and government regulation, the
impact of natural disasters, war or acts of terrorism, pandemics, changes in interest rates, tax rates, or exchange
rates, and access to consumer credit. A number of these conditions could negatively impact consumer spending.
As a result, these economic conditions may adversely impact demand for the Company’s products and services
which could adversely affect the Company’s operations, financial performance, brand or reputation.
Cybersecurity, Privacy and Data Breaches The Company depends on the uninterrupted operation of its IT
systems, networks and services including internal and public internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities,
and cloud-based services and hardware, such as point-of-sale processing at stores, to operate its business.

In the ordinary course of business, the Company collects, processes, transmits and retains confidential, sensitive
and personal information (“Confidential Information”), including payment card industry data and personal health
and financial information regarding the Company and its employees, franchisees, Associates, vendors, customers,
patients, credit card and PC Money Account holders and loyalty program members. Some of this Confidential
Information is held and managed by third party service providers. As with other large companies, the Company is
regularly subject to cyberattacks and such attempts are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in
nature and are becoming more sophisticated.

The Company has implemented security measures, including employee training, monitoring and testing,
maintenance of protective systems and contingency plans, to protect and to prevent unauthorized access of
Confidential Information and to reduce the likelihood of disruptions to its IT systems. The Company continues to
make strategic investments in this area in order to mitigate cyber threats. The Company also has security
processes, protocols and standards that are applicable to its third party service providers.

Despite these measures, all of the Company’s information systems, including its back-up systems and any third
party service provider systems that it employs, are vulnerable to damage, interruption, disability or failures due to a
variety of reasons, including physical theft, electronic theft, fire, power loss, computer and telecommunication
failures or other catastrophic events, as well as from internal and external security breaches, denial of service
attacks, viruses, worms and other known or unknown disruptive events.




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   39
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 The Company or its third party service providers may be unable to anticipate, timely identify or appropriately
 respond to one or more of the rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated means by which computer hackers,
 cyber terrorists and others may attempt to breach the Company’s security measures or its third party service
 providers’ information systems.

 As cyber threats evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more cyber
 threats might defeat the Company’s security measures or those of its third party service providers. Moreover,
 employee error or malfeasance, faulty password management or other irregularities may result in a breach of the
 Company’s or its third party service providers’ security measures, which could result in a breach of employee,
 franchisee, Associate, customer, patient, credit card or PC Money Account holder or loyalty program member
 privacy or Confidential Information.

 If the Company does not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain reliable IT
 infrastructure, fails to timely identify or appropriately respond to cybersecurity incidents, or the Company’s or its
 third party service providers’ information systems are damaged, destroyed, shut down, interrupted or cease to
 function properly, the Company’s business could be disrupted and the Company could, among other things, be
 subject to: transaction errors; processing inefficiencies; the loss of or failure to attract new customers; the loss of
 revenue; the loss or unauthorized access to Confidential Information or other assets; the loss of or damage to
 intellectual property or trade secrets; damage to its reputation; litigation; regulatory enforcement actions; violation
 of privacy, security or other laws and regulations; and remediation costs. Any such occurrences could adversely
 affect the reputation, operations or financial performance of the Company.

 IT Systems Implementations and Data Management The operations of the Company are reliant on the continuous
 and uninterrupted operations of critical technology systems, including the increasing use of automation technology.
 Any technology failure/outage pertaining to the availability, capacity or sustainability of the Company’s IT systems
 may result in disruptions impacting the Company’s customers or financial performance, or may negatively impact
 the Company’s reputation. The Company continues to make investments in new IT systems to improve the
 operating effectiveness of the organization. Failure to successfully migrate from legacy systems to new IT systems
 or a significant disruption in the Company’s current IT systems during the implementation of new systems could
 result in a lack of accurate data to effectively manage day-to-day operations of the business or achieve its
 operational objectives, causing significant disruptions to the business and potential financial losses.

 Failure to successfully adopt or implement appropriate processes to support the new IT systems, or failure to
 effectively leverage or convert data from one system to another, may preclude the Company from optimizing its
 overall performance and could result in inefficiencies and duplication in processes, which in turn could adversely
 affect the reputation, operations or financial performance of the Company. Failure to realize the anticipated
 strategic benefits including revenue growth, anticipated cost savings or operating efficiencies associated with new
 IT systems could adversely affect the reputation, operations or financial performance of the Company.

 The Company also depends on relevant and reliable information to operate its business. As the volume of data
 being generated and reported continues to increase across the Company, data accuracy, quality and governance
 are required for effective decision making. Failure by the Company to leverage data, including customer data, in a
 timely manner may adversely affect the Company’s ability to execute its strategy and therefore its financial
 performance. Moreover, lack of sensitive data classification, protection and use case approval may result in
 operational or reputational risk.

 Inventory Management and Shrink The Company is subject to risks associated with managing its inventory and
 controlling shrink. Failure to successfully manage such risks could result in shortages of inventory, excess or
 obsolete inventory which cannot be sold profitably or increases in levels of inventory shrink. Any of these outcomes
 could adversely affect the financial performance of the Company. Although the Company has implemented new IT
 systems, which are intended to provide increased visibility to integrated inventory and sales information at store
 level, the Company’s failure to effectively implement such new IT systems and applicable processes may increase
 the risks associated with managing inventory, including the risk that inaccurate inventory could result in inaccurate
 financial statements.

 The Company’s Retail segment is also examining its fundamental processes related to article lifecycle
 management, with the goal of making existing processes more efficient. This will impact existing workflow and
 system processes across procurement, supply chain and merchandising. Such simplification and efficiency
 processes are critical to the organization’s ability to implement longer term system solutions and achieve
 efficiencies across the Retail divisions. Any failure to effectively deliver this enterprise core solution could
 negatively impact the Company’s operations or financial performance.


40 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Healthcare Reform The Company is reliant on prescription drug sales for a significant portion of its sales and
profits. Prescription drugs and their sales are subject to numerous federal, provincial, territorial and local laws and
regulations. Changes to these laws and regulations, including the potential implementation of a national
pharmacare system, changes in the models used to fund prescription drugs such as the introduction of a
pharmacare system, or non-compliance with these laws and regulations, could adversely affect the reputation,
operations or financial performance of the Company.

Federal and provincial laws and regulations that establish public drug plans typically regulate prescription drug
coverage, patient eligibility, pharmacy reimbursement, drug product eligibility and drug pricing. With respect to
pharmacy reimbursement, such laws and regulations typically regulate the allowable drug cost of a prescription
drug product, the permitted mark-up on a prescription drug product and the professional or dispensing fees that
may be charged on prescription drug sales to patients eligible under the public drug plan. With respect to drug
product eligibility, such laws and regulations typically regulate the requirements for listing the manufacturer’s
products as a benefit or partial benefit under the applicable governmental drug plan, drug pricing and, in the case
of generic prescription drug products, the requirements for designating the product as interchangeable with a
branded prescription drug product. In addition, other federal, provincial, territorial and local laws and regulations
govern the approval, packaging, labeling, sale, marketing, advertising, handling, storage, distribution, dispensing
and disposal of prescription drugs.

Sales of prescription drugs, pharmacy reimbursement and drug prices may be affected by changes to the
healthcare industry, including legislative or other changes that impact patient eligibility, drug product eligibility, the
allowable cost of a prescription drug product, the mark-up permitted on a prescription drug product, the amount of
professional or dispensing fees paid by payers or the provision or receipt of manufacturer allowances by
pharmacies and pharmacy suppliers.

The majority of prescription drug sales are reimbursed or paid by three types of payers: (i) government or public,
(ii) private insurers or employers, and (iii) out-of-pocket by the patient. These payers have pursued and continue to
pursue measures to manage the costs of their drug plans. Canada and each of the provinces has implemented
legislative and/or other measures directed towards managing pharmacy service costs and controlling increasing
drug costs incurred by public drug plans and private payers, which impact pharmacy reimbursement levels and the
availability of manufacturer allowances. Legislative measures to control drug costs include lowering of generic drug
pricing. Additionally, the pan-Canadian Pharmaceutical Alliance continues its work regarding cost reduction
initiatives for pharmaceutical products and services.

Legislation in certain provincial jurisdictions establishes listing requirements that ensure that the selling price for a
prescription drug product will not be higher than any selling price established by the manufacturer for the same
prescription drug product under other provincial drug insurance programs. In some provinces, elements of the laws
and regulations that impact pharmacy reimbursement and manufacturer allowances for sales to the public drug
plans are extended by legislation to sales to private payers. Also, private payers (such as corporate employers and
their insurers) are looking or may look to benefit from any measures implemented by government payers to reduce
prescription drug costs for public plans by attempting to extend these measures to prescription drug plans they
own or manage. Accordingly, changes to pharmacy reimbursement and manufacturer allowances for a public drug
plan could also impact pharmacy reimbursement and manufacturer allowances for private payers. In addition,
private payers could reduce pharmacy reimbursement for prescription drugs provided to their members or could
elect to reimburse members only for products included on closed formularies or available from preferred providers.

Changes impacting pharmacy reimbursement programs and prescription drug pricing, legislative or otherwise, are
expected to continue to put downward pressure on the value of prescription drug sales. These changes may have
a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, sales and profitability. In addition, the Company could incur
significant costs in the course of complying with any changes in the regulatory regime affecting prescription drugs
and pharmacy services. Non-compliance with any such existing or proposed laws or regulations, particularly those
that provide for the licensing and conduct of wholesalers, the licensing and conduct of pharmacists, the regulation
and ownership of pharmacies, the advertising of pharmacies and prescription services, the provision of information
concerning prescription drug products, the pricing of prescription drugs, privacy and confidentiality and interactions
with provincial drug and eHealth systems, could result in audits, civil or regulatory proceedings, fines, penalties,
injunctions, recalls or seizures, any of which could adversely affect the reputation, operations or financial
performance of the Company.




                                                            2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   41
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Distribution and Supply Chain The Company’s ability to satisfy its customers’ demands and achieve its cost
 objectives depends on its ability to maintain key logistic and transport arrangements. The Company’s distribution
 and supply chain could be negatively affected by unforeseen disruptions due to fire, severe weather conditions,
 natural disasters or other catastrophic events, public health events, labour disagreements, disruptions to critical
 technology systems, including automation, or other transportation problems. The loss of or disruption to these
 types of arrangements could interrupt product supply, which in turn could adversely affect the assortment and
 product availability at the store and digital retail level. If not effectively managed or remedied, these events could
 negatively impact customer experience and the Company’s ability to attract and retain customers, and could
 adversely affect the Company’s operations or financial performance.

 Associate-owned Drug Store Network and Relationships with Associates The success of the Company and the
 reputation of its brands are closely tied to the performance of the Shoppers Drug Mart Associate-owned drug
 stores. Accordingly, the Company relies on Associates to successfully operate, manage and execute retail
 programs and strategies at their respective drug store locations. Associates are independent business operators
 that have entered into agreements with the Company to own and operate retail stores in accordance with
 prescribed procedures and standards. The success of the operations and financial performance of their respective
 drug stores may be beyond the Company’s control. In addition, Associates are subject to franchise legislation.
 Disruptions to the Company’s relationships with Shoppers Drug Mart Associate-owned drug stores or changes in
 legislation could negatively affect revenue from Associates, which in turn could adversely affect the reputation,
 operations or financial performance of the Company.

 Electronic Commerce and Disruptive Technologies The Company’s e-commerce strategy is a growing business
 initiative. Customers expect innovative concepts and a positive customer experience, including a user-friendly
 website, customer offerings that are integrated with the Company’s loyalty program, reliable data, safe and reliable
 processing of payments and a well-executed merchandise pick up or delivery process. If systems are damaged or
 cease to function properly, capital investment may be required. The Company is also vulnerable to various
 additional uncertainties associated with e-commerce including website downtime and other technical failures,
 changes in applicable federal and provincial regulations, security breaches, and consumer privacy concerns. If
 these technology-based systems and related processes do not function effectively, or if the Company is unable to
 identify and adapt to technological efficiencies, such as artificial/cognitive intelligence or automation in a timely
 manner, the Company’s ability to grow its e-commerce business could be adversely affected. The Company has
 increased its investment in improving the digital customer experience, but there can be no assurances that the
 Company will be able to recover the costs incurred to date.

 Regulatory Compliance The Company is subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and orders across all
 countries in which it does business, including those laws involving product liability, labour and employment, anti-
 trust and competition, pharmacy, food safety, intellectual property, privacy, environmental and other matters. The
 Company is subject to taxation by various taxation authorities in Canada and a number of foreign jurisdictions.
 Changes to any of the laws, rules, regulations or policies applicable to the Company’s business, including tax laws,
 minimum wage laws, and laws affecting the production, processing, preparation, distribution, packaging and
 labelling of food, pharmaceuticals and general merchandise products, could adversely affect the operations,
 financial condition or performance of the Company.

 Failure by the Company to comply with applicable laws, regulations and orders could subject the Company to civil
 or regulatory actions, investigations or proceedings, including fines, assessments, injunctions, recalls or seizures,
 which in turn could adversely affect the reputation, operations or financial condition or performance of the
 Company. In the course of complying with changes to laws, the Company could incur significant costs. Changing
 laws or interpretations of such laws or enhanced enforcement of existing laws could restrict the Company’s
 operations or profitability and thereby threaten the Company’s competitive position and ability to efficiently
 conduct business. The Company is subject to tax audits from various tax authorities on an ongoing basis. As a
 result, from time to time, tax authorities may disagree with the positions and conclusions taken by the Company in
 its tax filings or legislation could be amended or interpretations of current legislation could change, any of which
 events could lead to reassessments.




42 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
The Company is subject to capital requirements from OSFI, the primary regulator of PC Bank. PC Bank’s capital
management objectives are to maintain a consistently strong capital position while considering the economic risks
generated by its credit card receivables portfolio and to meet all regulatory capital requirements as defined by
OSFI. PC Bank uses Basel III as its regulatory capital management framework which includes a target common
equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5% and a total capital ratio of 10.5%. In addition to the
regulatory capital ratios requirement, PC Bank is subject to the Basel III Leverage ratio and OSFI’s Guideline on
Liquidity Adequacy Requirements (“LARs”). The LARs guideline establishes standards based on the Basel III
framework. PC Bank would be assessed fines and other penalties for non-compliance with these and other
regulations. In addition, failure by PC Bank to comply, understand, acknowledge and effectively respond to
applicable regulations could result in regulatory intervention and reputational damage.

Colleague Attraction, Development and Succession Planning The Company’s operations and continued growth
are dependent on its ability to hire, retain and develop colleagues, including leaders. Any failure to effectively
attract and retain colleagues and leaders, including those with scarce and/or specialized skills, and to establish
adequate leadership succession planning, could result in a lack of requisite knowledge, skill and experience. This
could erode the Company’s competitive position or result in increased costs due to the competition for, or high
turn-over of, colleagues. Any of the foregoing could negatively affect the Company’s ability to operate its business,
which in turn could adversely affect the Company’s reputation, operations or financial performance.

Competitive Environment and Strategy The retail industry in Canada is highly competitive. The Company
competes against a wide variety of retailers including supermarket and retail drug store operators, as well as mass
merchandisers, warehouse clubs, online retailers, mail order prescription drug distributors, limited assortment
stores, discount stores, convenience stores and specialty stores. Many of these competitors offer a selection of
food, drug and general merchandise, while others remain focused on supermarket-type merchandise. In addition,
the Company is subject to competitive pressures from new entrants into the marketplace and from the expansion
or renovation of existing competitors, particularly those expanding into the grocery and retail drug markets and
those offering e-commerce retail platforms. The Company’s loyalty program is a valuable offering to customers and
provides a key differentiating marketing tool for the business. The marketing, promotional and other business
activities related to the Company’s loyalty program must be well managed and coordinated to preserve positive
customer perception. The Company has made significant investments in support of its strategic growth areas of
Everyday Digital Retail, Payments and Rewards and Connected Healthcare, which are all subject to competitive
pressures. Failure to achieve these or other strategic priorities could adversely affect the Company’s financial
position and its competitiveness.

The Company’s inability to effectively predict market activity, leverage customer preferences and spending
patterns and respond in a timely manner to trends, or compete effectively with its current or future competitors
could result in, among other things, reduced market share and reduced profitability. If the Company is ineffective in
responding to consumer trends or in executing its strategic plans, its financial performance could be adversely
affected. The failure to effectively respond to customer trends may adversely impact the Company’s relationship
with its customers. The Company closely monitors market developments and market share trends. Failure by the
Company to sustain its competitive position could adversely affect the Company’s financial performance.

Food, Drug, Product and Services Safety The Company’s products may expose it to risks associated with product
safety and defects and product handling in relation to the manufacturing, design, packaging and labeling, storage,
distribution, and display of products. The Company cannot be certain that active management of these risks,
including maintaining strict and rigorous controls and processes in its manufacturing facilities and distribution
systems, will eliminate all the risks related to food and product safety. The Company could be adversely affected in
the event of a significant outbreak of food-borne illness or food safety issues, including food tampering or
contamination. In addition, failure to trace or locate any contaminated or defective products could affect the
Company’s ability to be effective in a recall situation. The Company is also subject to risk associated with the
distribution of drug products, errors related to medication dispensing or compounding, injections, patient services
or consultation. The occurrence of such events or incidents, as well as any failure to maintain the cleanliness and
health standards at store level, could result in harm to customers and negative publicity, could adversely affect the
Company’s brands, reputation, operations or financial performance and could lead to unforeseen liabilities from
legal claims or otherwise.




                                                            2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   43
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Labour Relations The Company’s workforce is comprised of both unionized and non-unionized colleagues. With
 respect to those colleagues that are covered by collective agreements, there can be no assurance as to the
 outcome of any labour negotiations or the timing of their completion. Renegotiating collective agreements or the
 failure to successfully renegotiate collective agreements and changes to business operations could result in strikes,
 work stoppages or business interruptions, and if any of these events were to occur, they could adversely affect the
 reputation, operations and financial performance of the Company. If non-unionized colleagues become unionized,
 the terms of the resulting collective agreements would have implications for the affected operations, such as higher
 labour costs.

 Environmental and Social As a leading Canadian food and pharmacy retailer, Loblaw is committed to creating
 positive environmental and social change by focusing on issues that matter most to the Company’s customers,
 employees, communities and other stakeholders, with a particular focus on combatting climate change and
 advancing social equity. Any failure or perceived failure to advance the environmental or social priorities of the
 Company or its stakeholders may negatively affect the Company’s reputation, operations or financial performance.
 Environmental The Company faces environmental risks that could, directly or indirectly, negatively impact the
 Company’s reputation, operations or performance over the short or long term.

 In particular, the Company is confronted with issues relating to climate change. As a large company, Loblaw has the
 opportunity to make a significant positive impact on the environment. To address this opportunity, Loblaw is
 focused on several strategic initiatives, including reducing emissions, food and plastic waste. Federal and provincial
 governments are also striving to combat climate change, including through the consideration and/or
 implementation of carbon reduction targets and financial mechanisms to reduce carbon emissions, such as carbon
 taxes, carbon pricing and caps and trade. In addition to its own initiatives, the Company may be required to make
 operational changes and/or incur significant financial costs to comply with the various governmental reforms, which
 may differ across jurisdictions. Additionally, certain global climate change patterns (e.g. rising sea levels, changing
 rainfall) may impact sourcing of food and food ingredients. Any failure to meet its strategic objectives, adhere to
 climate change reforms or to adapt to the impacts of climate change, such as failure to reduce emissions, eliminate
 food and plastic waste or mitigate sourcing and supply chain disruptions, could result in fines or could adversely
 affect the Company’s reputation, operations or financial performance.

 The Company maintains a portfolio of real estate and other facilities and is subject to environmental risks
 associated with the contamination of such properties and facilities, whether by previous owners or occupants,
 neighbouring properties or by the Company itself. In particular, the Company has a number of underground fuel
 storage tanks, the majority of which are used for its supply chain transport fleets. Contamination resulting from
 leaks from these tanks is possible. Additional environmental issues relating to matters or sites may require the
 Company to incur significant additional costs. The Company also operates refrigeration equipment in its stores and
 distribution centres to preserve perishable products as they pass through the supply chain and ultimately to
 consumers. These systems contain refrigerant gases which could be released if equipment fails or leaks. A release
 of these gases could have adverse effects on the environment. Failure to properly manage any of these
 environmental risks could adversely affect the reputation, operations or financial performance of the Company.

 The Company is subject to legislation that imposes liabilities on retailers, brand owners and importers for costs
 associated with recycling and disposal of consumer goods packaging and printed materials distributed to
 consumers. There is a risk that the Company will be subject to increased costs associated with these laws. In
 addition, the Company could be subject to increased or unexpected costs associated with environmental incidents
 and the related remediation activities, including litigation and regulatory related costs, all of which could adversely
 affect the reputation or financial performance of the Company.

 Social The Company faces risks associated with social issues and has established certain priorities in response,
 including achieving adequate representation of traditionally under-represented groups in management positions
 and the colleague population as a whole, building a culture of inclusion and investing in communities, particularly
 by supporting women’s and children’s health. In the event that the Company is not perceived to have robust
 diversity and inclusion programs, its ability to attract, develop and retain colleagues could be compromised. The
 Company recognizes its responsibility to respect and protect the human rights of all people who support and
 intersect with the business, and is committed to not tolerating abuse, discrimination or harassment in any form.
 Ineffective action or inaction in response to social matters, including a failure or perceived failure to adequately
 address its priorities, could adversely affect the Company’s reputation or financial performance.




44 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Business Continuity The Company’s ability to continue critical operations and processes could be negatively
impacted by adverse events resulting from various incidents, including severe weather, work stoppages, prolonged
IT systems failure, terrorist activity, power failures, border closures or a pandemic or other national or international
catastrophe. The Company has business continuity plans in place to manage any such events. Despite this,
ineffective contingency planning, business interruptions, crises or potential disasters could adversely affect the
reputation, operations or financial performance of the Company.

Legal Proceedings In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in and potentially subject to legal
proceedings. The proceedings may involve suppliers, customers, patients, Associates, franchisees, regulators, tax
authorities or other persons. The potential outcome of legal proceedings and claims is uncertain.

Shoppers Drug Mart was previously served with an Amended Statement of Claim in a class action proceeding that
has been filed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice (“Superior Court”) by licensed Associates, claiming various
declarations and damages resulting from Shoppers Drug Mart’s alleged breaches of the Associate Agreement. The
class action comprises all of Shoppers Drug Mart’s current and former licensed Associates residing in Canada,
other than in Québec, who were parties to Shoppers Drug Mart’s 2002 and 2010 forms of the Associate
Agreement. On July 9, 2013, the Superior Court certified as a class proceeding portions of the action. A summary
judgment trial of the matter was held in December 2022 and on February 17, 2023, the Superior Court released its
decision in relation to those summary judgment motions (the “Decision”). The Superior Court dismissed the
plaintiffs’ claims on the majority of the issues including a request for damages at this stage of proceedings. The
Superior Court also held that Shoppers Drug Mart breached the 2002 form of Associate Agreement when it did not
remit certain amounts that it received from generic drug manufacturers to Associates. On March 20, 2023, the
plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal and on April 4, 2023, the Company filed a Notice of Cross-Appeal. A hearing for
the appeals was held on February 14, 2024 and on February 15, 2024. On August 29, 2024, the Court of Appeal
dismissed both the appeal and cross appeal, with the exception that the plaintiff’s appeal was allowed to correct
the amount Shoppers Drug Mart received in professional allowances during the class period. Accordingly, the
Company has not recorded any amounts related to the potential liability associated with this lawsuit. The Company
does not believe that the ultimate resolution of this matter will have a material adverse impact on its financial
condition or prospects.

In 2017, the Company and Weston announced actions taken to address their role in an industry-wide price-fixing
arrangement involving certain packaged bread products. The arrangement involved the coordination of retail and
wholesale prices of certain packaged bread products over a period extending from late 2001 to March 2015. Under
the arrangement, the participants regularly increased prices on a coordinated basis. Class action lawsuits were
commenced against the Company and Weston as well as a number of other major grocery retailers and another
bread wholesaler. On July 24, 2024, the Company and Weston entered into binding Minutes of Settlement and on
January 31, 2025, the Company and Weston entered into a Settlement Agreement with the lawyers representing
consumers to settle those class action lawsuits for $500 million. The Company and Weston will each pay for a
portion of the settlement, with Loblaw paying $253 million and Weston paying $247 million. The Company will
receive credit for the $96 million it previously paid to customers in the form of Loblaw cards, resulting in it being
required to pay $157 million in cash towards the settlement. The Settlement Agreement is subject to the approval of
the courts. As a result of admission of participation in the arrangement and cooperation in the Competition
Bureau’s investigation, the Company and Weston will not face criminal charges or penalties. In response to such
class action lawsuits, certain major grocery retailers have crossclaimed against the Company and Weston, and the
Company and Weston believe such crossclaims are without merit.




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   45
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 In August 2018, the Province of British Columbia filed a class action against numerous opioid manufacturers and
 distributors, including the Company and its subsidiaries, Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. and Sanis Health Inc. The claim
 contains allegations of breach of the Competition Act, fraudulent misrepresentation and deceit and negligence, and
 seeks unquantified damages for the expenses incurred by the federal government, provinces, and territories of
 Canada in paying for opioid prescriptions and other healthcare costs related to opioid addiction and abuse in
 Canada. During the second quarter of 2021, the claim against Loblaw Companies Limited was discontinued. In May
 2019, two further opioid-related class actions were commenced in each of Ontario and Quebec against a large
 group of defendants, including Sanis Health Inc. In February 2022, the plaintiff and Sanis Health Inc. agreed to
 settle the Quebec action for a nominal amount, with no admission of liability and for the express purpose of
 avoiding the delays, disruption, and expenses associated with the litigation. The settlement has been approved by
 the court and is now final. On December 12, 2024, the Ontario action was dismissed against Sanis Health Inc., with
 costs. In December 2019, a further opioid-related class action was commenced in British Columbia against a large
 group of defendants, including Sanis Health Inc., Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. and the Company. The allegations in the
 civil British Columbia class action are similar to the allegations against manufacturer defendants in the Province of
 British Columbia class action, except that the December 2019 claim seeks recovery of damages on behalf of opioid
 users directly. In April 2021, the Company, Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. and Sanis Health Inc. were served with another
 opioid-related class action that was started in Alberta against multiple defendants. The claim seeks damages on
 behalf of municipalities and local governments in relation to public safety, social service, and criminal justice costs
 allegedly incurred due to the opioid crisis. In September 2021, the Company, Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. and Sanis
 Health Inc. were served with a class action started in Saskatchewan by Peter Ballantyne Cree Nation and Lac La
 Ronge Indian Band on behalf of all Indigenous, Metis, First Nation and Inuit communities and governments in
 Canada to recover costs they have incurred as a result of the opioid crisis, including healthcare costs, policing
 costs and societal costs. In October 2024, the claim was discontinued against Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. In January
 2024, Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. was served with a second class action in Saskatchewan started by Lac La Ronge
 Indian Band. The case is brought on behalf of Band members and is claiming damages relating to abatement costs,
 the diversion of financial and other resources, the reduction in the value of the reserve lands and interests, and lost
 tax revenues. Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. is being sued as a representative of an international defendant subclass of
 opioid “dealers” and Sanis Health Inc. is a proposed supplier class member. The Company believes these
 proceedings are without merit and is vigorously defending them. The Company does not currently have any
 significant accruals or provisions for these matters recorded in the consolidated financial statements.

 In 2022, the Tax Court released a decision relating to PC Bank, a subsidiary of the Company. The Tax Court ruled
 that PC Bank is not entitled to claim notional input tax credits for certain payments it made to Loblaws Inc. in
 respect of redemptions of loyalty points. PC Bank subsequently filed a Notice of Appeal with the FCA and in March
 2024, the matter was heard by the FCA. In the third quarter of 2024, the FCA released its decision and reversed
 the decision of the Tax Court. As a result, PC Bank reversed charges of $155 million, including $111 million initially
 recorded in 2022. In addition, $10 million was recorded related to interest income on cash tax refunds. Certain
 taxation years subsequent to the periods covered by the FCA decision remain under review by the tax authorities.

 Change Management, Process and Efficiency Many initiatives are underway to reduce the complexity and cost of
 the Company’s business operations, ensuring a low cost operating structure that allows for continued investments
 in the Company’s strategic growth areas. These efforts include initiatives focused on improving processes and
 generating efficiencies across the Company’s administrative, store and distribution network infrastructures. The
 success of these initiatives is dependent on effective leadership and realizing intended benefits. Ineffective change
 management could result in a lack of integrated processes and procedures, unclear accountabilities and decision-
 making rights, decreased colleague engagement, ineffective communication and training or a lack of requisite
 knowledge. Any of the foregoing could disrupt operations, increase the risk of customer dissatisfaction, adversely
 affect the Company’s reputation or financial performance or adversely affect the ability of the Company to
 implement and achieve its long-term strategic objectives.




46 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Franchisee Relationships The Company has entered into agreements with third party franchisees that permit the
franchisees to own and operate retail stores in accordance with prescribed procedures and standards.
A substantial portion of the Company’s revenues and earnings comes from amounts paid by franchisees in
connection with their store operations and leased property. Franchisees are independent operators and their
operations may be negatively affected by factors beyond the Company’s control. If franchisees do not operate their
stores in accordance with the Company’s standards or otherwise in accordance with good business practices,
franchisee fees and rent paid to the Company could be negatively affected, which in turn could adversely affect the
Company’s reputation, operations or financial performance. In addition, the Company’s reputation could be harmed
if a significant number of franchisees were to experience operational failures, health and safety exposures or were
unable to pay the Company for products, fees or rent.

The Company’s franchise system is also subject to franchise legislation enacted by a number of provinces. Any
new legislation or failure to comply with existing legislation could adversely affect operations and could add
administrative costs and burdens, any of which could affect the Company’s relationship with its franchisees.
Supply chain or system changes by the Company could cause or be perceived to cause disruptions to franchised
store operations and could result in negative effects on the financial performance of franchisees. Relationships with
franchisees could pose significant risks if they are disrupted, which could adversely affect the reputation,
operations or financial performance of the Company.

Service Providers The Company has a wide range of key business relationships with third parties including
vendors, suppliers, distributors and contractors. The Company relies on vendors, including offshore vendors in both
mature and developing markets, to provide the Company with goods and services. Offshore sourcing increases
certain risks to the Company, including risks associated with food safety and general merchandise product defects,
non-compliance with ethical and safe business practices and inadequate supply of products. The Company has no
direct influence over how vendors are managed. Negative events affecting vendors or inefficient, ineffective or
incomplete vendor management strategies, policies and/or procedures, including those related to ethical sourcing,
could adversely impact the Company’s reputation and impair the Company’s ability to meet customer needs or
control costs and quality, which could adversely affect the reputation, operations or financial performance of the
Company.

The Company relies on service providers including transport carriers or other delivery service providers, logistic
service providers and operators of warehouses and distribution facilities. Ineffective selection, contractual terms or
relationship management could impact the Company’s ability to source products (both national brand and control
brand products), to have products available for customers, to market to customers or to operate efficiently and
effectively. Disruption in services from suppliers could interrupt the delivery of merchandise to stores or customers,
which in turn could adversely affect the operations or financial performance of the Company.

PC Bank uses third party service providers to process credit card transactions, operate call centres and
operationalize certain risk management strategies for the PC® Mastercard® and PC Money Account. A significant
disruption in the services provided by third party service providers could adversely affect the financial performance
of PC Bank and the Company.

The Company has outsourced certain administrative functions of its business to service providers including account
payments, payroll services, IT support, investment management and custodial relationships, and benefit plan
administration. Any disruption in the services provided by these suppliers could adversely affect the return on
these assets or liquidity of the Company.




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   47
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 12.2 Financial Risks and Risk Management

 The Company is exposed to a number of financial risks, including those associated with financial instruments, which
 have the potential to affect its operating and financial performance. The Company uses OTC derivative instruments
 to offset certain of these risks. Policies and guidelines prohibit the use of any derivative instrument for trading or
 speculative purposes. The fair value of derivative instruments is subject to changing market conditions which could
 adversely affect the financial performance of the Company.

 The following is a summary of the Company’s financial risks which are discussed in detail below:

   Liquidity                                                    Credit
   Commodity Prices                                             Interest Rates
   Currency Exchange Rates                                      Credit Ratings

 Liquidity Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company is unable to generate or obtain sufficient cash or its equivalents
 in a cost effective manner to fund its obligations as they come due. The Company is exposed to liquidity risk
 through, among other areas, PC Bank, which requires a reliable source of funding for its credit card business.
 PC Bank relies on its securitization programs, demand deposits from customers and the acceptance of GIC
 deposits to fund the receivables of its credit cards. The Company would experience liquidity risks if it fails to
 maintain appropriate levels of cash and short-term investments, is unable to access sources of funding or fails to
 appropriately diversify sources of funding. If any of these events were to occur, they could adversely affect the
 financial performance of the Company.
 Liquidity risk is mitigated by maintaining appropriate levels of cash and cash equivalents and short term
 investments, actively monitoring market conditions, and by diversifying sources of funding, including the
 Company’s committed credit facilities, and maintaining a well diversified maturity profile of debt and capital
 obligations.
 Commodity Prices The Company is exposed to increases in the prices of commodities in operating its stores and
 distribution networks, as well as to the indirect effect of changing commodity prices on the price of consumer
 products. Rising commodity prices could adversely affect the financial performance of the Company. To manage a
 portion of this exposure, the Company uses purchase commitments and derivative instruments in the form of
 exchange traded futures contracts and forward contracts to minimize cost volatility related to commodities.
 Currency Exchange Rates The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate variability, primarily on its
 U.S. dollar denominated purchases in trade payables and other liabilities. A depreciating Canadian dollar relative to
 the U.S. dollar will have a negative impact on year-over-year changes in reported operating income and net
 earnings, while an appreciating Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar will have the opposite impact. To manage
 a portion of this exposure, the Company uses derivative instruments in the form of futures contracts and forward
 contracts to minimize cost volatility related to foreign exchange.
 Credit The Company is exposed to credit risk resulting from the possibility that counterparties could default on
 their financial obligations to the Company, including derivative instruments, cash and cash equivalents, short term
 investments, security deposits, PC Bank’s credit card receivables, finance lease receivable, pension assets held in
 the Company’s defined benefit plans and accounts receivable, including amounts due from government and third-
 party drug plans arising from prescription drug sales, independent accounts and amounts owed from vendors.
 Failure to manage credit risk could adversely affect the financial performance of the Company.
 The risk related to derivative instruments, cash and cash equivalents and short term investments is reduced by
 policies and guidelines that require that the Company enters into transactions only with counterparties or issuers
 that have a minimum long term “A-” credit rating from a recognized credit rating agency and place minimum and
 maximum limits for exposures to specific counterparties and instruments.
 PC Bank manages its credit card receivable risk by employing stringent credit scoring techniques, actively
 monitoring the credit card portfolio and reviewing techniques and technology that can improve the effectiveness of
 the collection process. In addition, these receivables are dispersed among a large, diversified group of credit card
 customers.
 Finance lease receivable and accounts receivable, including amounts due from governments and third-party drug
 plans arising from prescription drug sales, independent accounts and amounts owed from vendors and tenants, are
 actively monitored on an ongoing basis and settled on a frequent basis in accordance with the terms specified in
 the applicable agreements.


48 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Interest Rates The Company is exposed to interest rate risk from fluctuations in interest rates on its floating rate
debt and from the refinancing of existing financial instruments. An increase in interest rates could adversely affect
the operations or financial performance of the Company. The Company manages interest rate risk by monitoring
the respective mix of fixed and floating rate debt and by taking action as necessary to maintain an appropriate
balance considering current market conditions, with the objective of maintaining the majority of its debt at fixed
interest rates.

Credit Ratings Credit ratings assigned to the Company and any of its securities may be changed at any time based
on the judgment of the credit rating agencies and may also be impacted by a change in the credit rating of Weston,
Choice Properties Real Estate Investment Trust (“Choice Properties”) and their respective affiliates. In addition, the
Company, Weston, Choice Properties and their respective affiliates may incur additional indebtedness in the future,
which could impact current and future credit ratings. A reduction in credit ratings could materially adversely affect
the market value of the Company’s outstanding securities and the Company’s access to and cost of financing.

13. Related Party Transactions
The Company’s controlling shareholder is Weston, which owns, directly and indirectly, 158,853,468 of the
Company’s common shares, representing approximately 52.6% of the Company’s outstanding common shares.
Galen G. Weston beneficially owns or controls, directly and indirectly, including through Wittington Investments,
Limited (“Wittington”), a total of 76,697,812 of Weston’s common shares, representing approximately 59.0% of
Weston’s outstanding common shares. Galen G. Weston also beneficially owns 473,636 of the Company’s common
shares, representing approximately 0.2% of the Company’s outstanding common shares.

Weston is the controlling shareholder of Choice Properties. Therefore, Choice Properties is a related party by virtue
of common control. As at December 28, 2024, Weston’s ownership interest in Choice Properties was
approximately 61.7% (December 30, 2023 – 61.7%). The Company is Choice Properties’ largest tenant, representing
approximately 57.7% (December 30, 2023– 57.1%) of Choice Properties’ rental revenue as at December 28, 2024.

Transactions with Related Parties
                                                                                                                    Transaction Value
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                        2024                2023
Included in cost of sales
  Inventory purchases from a related party(i)                                                                 $           —      $           41
Operating income
  Transactions with Weston and Wittington
  Cost sharing agreements with Weston(ii)                                                                     $         56       $          58
  Net administrative services provided by Weston(iii)                                                                   23                  19
  Lease payments to Wittington                                                                                           1                   1
  Transactions with Choice Properties
  Lease payments to Choice Properties(iv)                                                                     $        797       $         763
  Lease surrender payments received from Choice Properties                                                               —                   (8)
  Site intensification payments received from Choice Properties                                                         (4)                 (17)
Equity transactions with Weston
  Dividends declared on common shares                                                                         $        319       $         290

(i) Associated British Foods plc. was not a related party of the Company during 2024. In 2023, Associated British Foods plc. was a related party
      by virtue of a common director of such entity’s parent company and Wittington.
(ii) The Company and Weston have each entered into certain contracts with third parties for administrative and corporate services, including
      telecommunication services and IT related matters on behalf of itself and the related party. Through cost sharing agreements that have been
      established between the Company and Weston concerning these costs, the Company has agreed to be responsible to Weston for the
      Company’s proportionate share of the total costs incurred.
(iii) The Company and Weston have entered into an agreement whereby certain administrative services are provided by one party to the other.
      The services to be provided under this agreement include those related to commodity management, information systems, risk management,
      treasury, certain accounting functions and legal. Payments are made quarterly based on the actual costs of providing these services. Where
      services are provided on a joint basis for the benefit of the Company and Weston together, each party pays the appropriate proportion of
      the costs.
(iv) During 2024, lease payments paid to Choice Properties included base rent of $548 million (2023 – $534 million) and operating expenses of
      $249 million (2023 – $229 million).




                                                                      2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited         49
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 The net balances due to (from) related parties are comprised as follows:

                                                                                                     As at                             As at
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                         December 28, 2024                December 30, 2023(i)
 Weston(ii)                                                                            $                  97         $                    13
 Choice Properties                                                                                        (16)                            (31)


 (i) Certain comparative amounts have been restated to conform with current year presentation.

 (ii) Balances relate to trade payables and other liabilities due to Weston, including dividends declared on common shares, net of receivables
      from Weston.

 Other Transactions and Agreements with Choice Properties

 Strategic Alliance Agreement The Strategic Alliance Agreement established on the initial public offering (“IPO”) of
 Choice Properties creates a series of rights and obligations between Choice Properties and the Company, intended
 to establish a preferential and mutually beneficial business and operating relationship. The Strategic Alliance
 Agreement will expire on the earlier of July 5, 2033 or the date on which Weston and its affiliates own less than
 50% effective interest in Choice Properties (on a fully diluted basis).

 Commitments The following is a summary of the Company’s future undiscounted contractual lease payments to
 Choice Properties:
                                                                                                        As at                         As at
                                          Payments due by year                             December 28, 2024             December 30, 2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars)    2025   2026    2027      2028      2029 Thereafter                        Total                      Total
 Lease payments                   $ 629 $ 572 $ 524 $ 427 $ 377 $ 1,309                    $               3,838         $            3,880



 Financial Liabilities with Choice Properties In 2023, the Company disposed of two retail properties to Choice
 Properties for proceeds of $86 million. The properties were subsequently leased back by the Company. The
 transactions did not meet the criteria for sale in accordance with IFRS 15, “Revenue from and Contracts with
 Customers” (“IFRS 15”) as the Company did not relinquish control of the properties under the terms of the leases
 (see note 27 of the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements).

 Sale and Leaseback Transactions with Choice Properties In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company sold one
 property to a joint arrangement between a third party and Choice Properties for proceeds of $25 million and
 recognized a gain of $3 million. This property was leased back by the Company. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the
 Company also sold three properties to Choice Properties for proceeds of $80 million and recognized a gain of
 $8 million. All of these properties were leased back by the Company. During 2024, the Company sold one property
 (2023 – four properties) to Choice Properties and four properties (2023 – nil) to a joint arrangement between a
 third party and Choice Properties for proceeds of $316 million (2023 – $92 million) and recognized a gain of
 $54 million (2023 – gain of $11 million). All (2023 – all) of these properties were leased back by the Company (see
 note 27 of the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements).

 Other Transactions

 Venture Fund During 2020, Loblaw, Weston and a wholly owned subsidiary of Wittington became limited partners
 in a limited partnership formed by Wittington (“Venture Fund I”). A wholly owned subsidiary of Wittington is the
 general partner of the Venture Fund, which hired an external fund manager to oversee it. The purpose of the
 Venture Fund I is to pursue venture capital investing in innovative businesses that are in technology-oriented
 companies at all stages of the start-up life cycle that operate in commerce, healthcare, and food sectors and are
 based in North America. Each of the three limited partners have 33% interest in the Venture Fund I. The Company
 has a total capital commitment of $33 million over a 10-year period.

 During 2022, Loblaw became a limited partner in another limited partnership formed by Wittington (“Venture Fund
 II”). A wholly owned subsidiary of Wittington is also the general partner of Venture Fund II, and the purpose of
 Venture Fund II is consistent with Venture Fund I. The Company has a 50% interest in Venture Fund II and has a
 total capital commitment of $60 million over a 10-year period.



50 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Post-Employment Benefit Plans The Company sponsors a number of post-employment plans, which are related
parties. Contributions made by the Company to these plans are disclosed in note 24 of the Company’s
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Income Tax Matters From time to time, the Company, Weston and its affiliates may enter into agreements to make
elections that are permitted or required under applicable income tax legislation with respect to affiliated
corporations.

Key Management Personnel The Company’s key management personnel are comprised of the Board and certain
members of the executive team of the Company, as well as both the Board and certain members of the executive
team of Weston and Wittington to the extent that they have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing
and controlling the day-to-day activities of the Company.

Compensation of Key Management Personnel Annual compensation of key management personnel that is
directly attributable to the Company was as follows:

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                            2024                2023(i)
Salaries, director fees and other short term employee benefits                                  $           10      $                13
Equity-based compensation                                                                                    8                        8
Total compensation                                                                              $           18      $                21


(i) Certain comparative amounts have been restated to conform with current year presentation.

Other transactions with related parties, as defined by IFRS Accounting Standards, were not significant during the
year.

14. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments
in applying the Company’s accounting policies that affect the reported amounts and disclosures made in the
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.

Within the context of the 2024 Annual Report, a judgment is a decision made by management in respect of the
application of an accounting policy, a recognized or unrecognized financial statement amount and/or note
disclosure, following an analysis of relevant information that may include estimates and assumptions. Estimates and
assumptions are used mainly in determining the measurement of balances recognized or disclosed in the
consolidated financial statements and are based on a set of underlying data that may include management’s
historical experience, knowledge of current events and conditions and other factors that are believed to be
reasonable under the circumstances. Management continually evaluates the estimates and judgments it uses.

The following are the accounting policies subject to judgments and key estimation uncertainty that the Company
believes could have the most significant impact on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial
statements.

14.1 Consolidation

Judgments Made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied The Company uses judgment in determining the
entities that it controls and therefore consolidates. The Company controls an entity when the Company has the
existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the activities that significantly affect the entity’s returns. The
Company consolidates all of its wholly owned subsidiaries. Judgment is applied in determining whether the
Company controls the entities in which it does not have ownership rights or does not have full ownership rights.
Most often, judgment involves reviewing contractual rights to determine if rights are participating (giving power
over the entity) or protective rights (protecting the Company’s interest without giving it power).

14.2 Inventories

Key Estimations Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realizable value which requires the Company
to utilize estimates related to fluctuations in shrink, future retail prices, the impact of vendor rebates on cost,
seasonality and costs necessary to sell the inventory.




                                                                    2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   51
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 14.3 Impairment of Non-Financial Assets (Goodwill, Intangible Assets, Fixed Assets and Right-of-Use Assets)

 Judgments Made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied The Company uses judgment in determining cash
 generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of testing fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets for
 impairment. Judgment is also used to determine the goodwill CGUs for the purpose of testing goodwill for
 impairment. The Company has determined that each retail location is a separate CGU. Intangible assets are
 allocated to the CGUs (or groups of CGUs) to which they relate. Goodwill is allocated to CGUs (or groups of CGUs)
 based on the level at which management monitors goodwill, which cannot be higher than an operating segment.
 The allocation of goodwill is made to CGUs (or groups of CGUs) that are expected to benefit from the synergies
 and future growth of the business combination from which they arose. In addition, judgment is used to determine
 whether a triggering event has occurred requiring an impairment test to be completed. In applying this judgment
 management considers profitability of the CGU and other qualitative factors.

 Key Estimations In determining the recoverable amount of a CGU or a group of CGUs, various estimates are
 employed. The Company determines fair value less costs to sell using such estimates as market rental rates for
 comparable properties, discount rates and capitalization rates. The Company determines value in use by using
 estimates including projected future sales and earnings, and discount rates consistent with external industry
 information reflecting the risk associated with the specific cash flows.

 14.4 Impairment of Credit Card Receivables

 Judgments Made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied and Key Estimations In each stage of the expected
 credit loss (“ECL”) model, impairment is determined based on the probability of default, loss given default, and
 expected exposures at default on drawn and undrawn exposures on credit card receivables. The application of the
 ECL model requires management to apply the following significant judgments, assumptions and estimations:
 •   Movement of impairment measurement between the three stages of the ECL model, based on the assessment
     of the increase in credit risks on credit card receivables. The assessment of changes in credit risks includes
     qualitative and quantitative factors of the accounts, such as historical credit loss experience and external credit
     scores;
 •   Thresholds for significant increase in credit risk based on changes in probability of default over the expected
     life of the instrument relative to initial recognition; and
 •   Forecasts of future economic conditions, namely the unemployment rate. Management uses an average of
     unemployment rate forecasts published by major Canadian Chartered Banks and the Conference Board of
     Canada to establish the base case scenario and other representative ranges of possible forecast scenarios.
 14.5 Customer Loyalty Awards Program

 Key Estimations The Company defers revenue at the time the award is earned by members based on the relative
 fair value of the award. The relative fair value is determined by allocating consideration between the fair value of
 the loyalty awards earned by loyalty program members, net of breakage, and the goods and services on which the
 awards were earned, based on their relative stand-alone selling price. The estimated fair value per point for the
 PC Optimum loyalty program is determined based on the program reward schedule and is $1 for every 1,000 points
 earned. The breakage rate of the program is an estimate of the amount of points that will never be redeemed. The
 rate is reviewed on an ongoing basis and is estimated utilizing historical redemption activity and anticipated earn
 and redeem behaviour of members. In 2024, the Company recorded a charge of $129 million, of which $99 million
 was recorded in the Retail segment and $30 million was recorded in the Financial Services segment. This charge
 represents the revaluation of the loyalty liability for outstanding points.

 14.6 Income and Other Taxes

 Judgments Made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied The calculation of current and deferred income taxes
 requires management to make certain judgments including expectations about future operating results, the timing
 and reversal of temporary differences, and the interpretation of tax rules in jurisdictions where the Company
 performs activities. Where the amount of tax payable or recoverable is uncertain, the Company establishes
 provisions based on the most likely amount of the liability or recovery.




52 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
14.7 Segment Information

Judgments Made in Relation to Determining the Aggregation of Operating Segments The Company uses
judgment in assessing the criteria used to determine the aggregation of operating segments. The Retail reportable
operating segment consists of several operating segments comprised primarily of food retail and Associate-owned
drug stores, and also includes in-store pharmacies and healthcare services and other health and beauty products,
apparel and other general merchandise. The Company has aggregated its retail operating segments on the basis
of their similar economic characteristics, customers and nature of products. This similarity in economic
characteristics reflects the fact that the Company’s retail operating segments operate primarily in Canada and are
therefore subject to the same economic market pressures and regulatory environment. The Company’s retail
operating segments are subject to similar competitive pressures such as price and product innovation and
assortment from existing competitors and new entrants into the marketplace. The similar economic characteristics
also include the provision of centralized, common functions such as marketing and IT across all retail operating
segments.

The retail operating segments’ customer profile is primarily individuals who are purchasing goods for their own or
their family’s personal needs and consumption. The nature of products and the product assortment sold by each of
the retail operating segments is also similar and includes grocery, pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, electronics and
housewares. The aggregation of the retail operating segments reflects the nature and financial effects of the
business activities in which the Company engages and the economic environment in which it operates.

14.8 Provisions

Judgments made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied and Key Estimations The recording of provisions
requires management to make certain judgments regarding whether there is a present legal or constructive
obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Company will be required to settle the obligation and if
a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made. The Company has recorded provisions primarily in
respect of self-insurance and legal claims. The Company reviews the merits, risks and uncertainties of each
provision, based on current information, and the amount expected to be required to settle the obligation. Provisions
are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted accordingly when new facts and events become known to the
Company.

14.9 Leases

Judgments Made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied Management exercises judgment in determining
the appropriate lease term on a lease by lease basis. Management considers all facts and circumstances that
create an economic incentive to exercise a renewal option or to not exercise a termination option including
investments in major leaseholds, store performances, past business practice and the length of time remaining
before the option is exercisable. The periods covered by renewal options are only included in the lease term if
management is reasonably certain to renew. Management considers reasonably certain to be a high threshold.
Changes in the economic environment or changes in the retail industry may impact management’s assessment of
lease terms, and any changes in management’s estimate of lease terms may have a material impact on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets and statements of earnings.

Key Estimations In determining the carrying amount of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, the Company is
required to estimate the incremental borrowing rate specific to each leased asset or portfolio of leased assets if
the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determined. Management determines the incremental borrowing
rate using a base risk-free interest rate estimated by reference to the Government of Canada bond yield with an
adjustment that reflects the Company’s credit rating, the security, lease term and value of the underlying leased
asset, and the economic environment in which the leased asset operates. The incremental borrowing rates are
subject to change due to changes in the business and macroeconomic environment.




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   53
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 15. Accounting Standards

 15.1 Future Accounting Standards and Amendments

 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 In May 2024, amendments to IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments” (“IFRS 9”) and
 IFRS 7, “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” (“IFRS 7”) were issued. The amendments clarify the timing of
 recognition and derecognition for a financial asset or financial liability, including clarifying that a financial liability is
 derecognized on the settlement date. In addition to these clarifications, the amendments introduce an accounting
 policy choice to derecognize financial liabilities settled using an electronic payment system before the settlement
 date, if specific conditions are met. Also included in the amendments, are clarifications regarding the classification
 of financial assets, including those with features linked to environmental, social and corporate governance. Under
 the amendments, additional disclosures are required for financial instruments with contingent features and
 investments in equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive income. These amendments
 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026. Early adoption is permitted, with an
 option to early adopt only the amendments to the classification of financial assets. The adoption is not expected to
 have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 In December 2024, amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 were issued to enhance
 the transparency of nature-dependent electricity contracts. The amendments allow a company to apply an own-use
 exemption to certain power purchase agreements if certain requirements are met. The amendments require further
 disclosure where an own-use exemption is applied regarding the contractual features exposing the company to
 variability in electricity volume and risk of oversupply, unrecognized contractual commitments and the effect of the
 contracts on an entity’s financial performance. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods
 beginning on or after January 1, 2026. The Company is currently assessing the impact of these amendments.

 IFRS 18, “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements” ("IFRS 18"), has been issued to achieve
 comparability of the financial performance of similar entities. The standard, which replaces IAS 1, “Presentation of
 Financial Statements”, impacts the presentation of primary financial statements and notes, mainly the income
 statement where companies will be required to present separate categories of income and expense for operating,
 investing, and financing activities with prescribed subtotals for each new category. IFRS 18 will require
 management-defined performance measures to be explained and included in a separate note within the
 consolidated financial statements. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after
 January 1, 2027, including interim financial statements, and requires retrospective application. The Company is
 currently assessing the impact of the new standard.




54 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
16. Strategic Update and Outlook(3)

Strategic Update Loblaw’s portfolio of businesses remains strong and well-positioned as economic pressures
continue to drive consumers to its banners, in search for value, quality, service and convenience. The Company’s
best in class assets continue to meet customers’ everyday needs for food, health and wellness – supporting
Loblaw’s purpose: helping Canadians Live Life Well. The Company will continue to focus on three strategic pillars in
2025: delivering retail excellence; driving growth; and investing for the future.
Retail Excellence Loblaw creates value through disciplined execution of core retail operations and by leveraging
its scale and strategic assets. This retail excellence is underpinned by process and efficiency initiatives and helps
grow sales, optimize gross margins, and reduce operating costs. The Company remains focused on strategic
procurement opportunities to deliver reliability, improve product selection and drive economies of scale across its
grocery and pharmacy network. Leveraging its customer loyalty program and more than one billion customer
transactions across food, pharmacy, apparel, and financial services, Loblaw will increase its promotional
effectiveness while delivering personalized value and unmatched service to Canadians. The Company will continue
to invest in and refine its retail network to better meet customer needs and improve its overall profitability. This
includes an increased focus on its Hard Discount business, where Loblaw has a unique opportunity to bring its
NoFrills and Maxi stores to more communities and neighbourhoods across Canada. Management’s clear
commitment to food and drug retail excellence, together with a sense of urgency, is focused on delivering
consistent strong operational and financial performance.
Driving Growth Loblaw continues to invest in targeted growth areas to further evolve and differentiate its portfolio
of assets and generate competitive advantage. A differentiator and area of focus is Loblaw’s ability to digitally
engage customers with a suite of proprietary assets – Loblaw Digital (including PC Express™), Loblaw Advance™,
and PC Optimum, Canada’s strongest loyalty program. The Company will focus on enhancing these platforms
across each of its businesses, improving the customer experience and functionality. In particular, the Company’s
PC Optimum loyalty program continues to evolve, with more meaningful personalized offers, and more effective
promotions, all toward strengthening the loyalty loop and increasing the share of customer wallet. The Company is
also evolving and tailoring its store network to better serve customers. In 2024, the Company converted 38 stores
to Hard Discount banners, opened 52 new food and drug retail locations, and added 78 new pharmacy care clinics
across Canada, driving sales growth across its divisions.
Investing For The Future Loblaw will continue to make capital investments towards the modernization and
automation of its supply chain and the expansion of its retail network. These investments will be partially funded by
proceeds from real estate dispositions. Loblaw will continue to invest in its Connected Healthcare strategy with the
goal of growing its healthcare ecosystem by connecting patients and providers through an unmatched network of
pharmacies, healthcare professionals and technology solutions. Pharmacies will play an increasing role in the
delivery of healthcare services to Canadians through expanded scope of practice changes and the expansion of
pharmacist care clinics. In 2025, Loblaw plans to further invest in its network by opening approximately 80 new
food and drug stores, and 100 new pharmacist care clinics. In January 2025, the Company began migrating
operations to its 1.2 million square foot, multi-temperature, fully automated distribution centre in East Gwillimbury,
Ontario. The Company will begin construction of a similar fully automated facility in Caledon, Ontario in 2025.
Together these investments reflect the Company’s continued drive to advance its supply chain to better serve
customers and meet their evolving needs.
Outlook(3) Loblaw will remain focused on retail excellence while advancing its growth initiatives with the goal of
delivering consistent operational and financial results in 2025. The Company’s businesses remain well positioned
to meet the everyday needs of Canadians.
In 2025, the Company’s results will include the impact of a 53rd week, which is expected to benefit adjusted net
earnings per common share(2) growth by approximately 2%. On a full-year comparative basis, excluding the impact
of the 53rd week, the Company expects:
•   its Retail business to grow earnings faster than sales;
•   adjusted net earnings per common share(2) growth in the high single-digits;
•   to continue investing in our store network and distribution centres by investing a net amount of $1.9 billion in
    capital expenditures, which reflects gross capital investments of approximately $2.2 billion, net of
    approximately $300 million of proceeds from property disposals; and
•   to return capital to shareholders by allocating a significant portion of free cash flow to share repurchases.




                                                         2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   55
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 17. Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures

 The Company uses the following non-GAAP and other financial measures and ratios: Retail segment gross profit;
 Retail segment adjusted gross profit; Retail segment adjusted gross profit percentage; adjusted earnings before
 income taxes, net interest expense and other financing charges and depreciation and amortization (“adjusted
 EBITDA”); adjusted EBITDA margin; adjusted operating income; adjusted net interest expense and other financing
 charges; adjusted income taxes; adjusted effective tax rate; adjusted net earnings available to common
 shareholders; adjusted diluted net earnings per common share; free cash flow; retail debt to retail adjusted EBITDA;
 adjusted return on equity; adjusted return on capital; and same-store sales. The Company believes these non-
 GAAP and other financial measures and ratios provide useful information to both management and investors in
 measuring the financial performance and financial condition of the Company for the reasons outlined below.

 Management uses these and other non-GAAP and other financial measures to exclude the impact of certain
 expenses and income that must be recognized under GAAP when analyzing underlying consolidated and segment
 operating performance, as the excluded items are not necessarily reflective of the Company’s underlying operating
 performance and make comparisons of underlying financial performance between periods difficult. The Company
 adjusts for these items if it believes doing so would result in a more effective analysis of underlying operating
 performance. The exclusion of certain items does not imply that they are non-recurring.
 These measures do not have a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore they may not be
 comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other publicly traded companies and should not be construed
 as an alternative to other financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP.

 Retail Segment Gross Profit, Retail Segment Adjusted Gross Profit and Retail Segment Adjusted Gross Profit
 Percentage The following tables reconcile adjusted gross profit by segment to gross profit by segment, which is
 reconciled to revenue and cost of sales measures as reported in the consolidated statements of earnings for the
 periods ended as indicated. The Company believes that Retail segment gross profit and Retail segment adjusted
 gross profit are useful in assessing the Retail segment’s underlying operating performance and in making decisions
 regarding the ongoing operations of the business.

 Retail segment adjusted gross profit percentage is calculated as Retail segment adjusted gross profit divided by
 Retail segment revenue.

                                                                                    2024                                              2023
                                                                               (12 weeks)                                        (12 weeks)
 For the periods ended December 28, 2024
  and December 30, 2023                                Financial                                        Financial
 (millions of Canadian dollars)               Retail   Services Eliminations        Total      Retail   Services Eliminations         Total
 Revenue                                   $ 14,579 $     476 $       (107) $ 14,948        $ 14,157 $      487 $        (113) $ 14,531
 Cost of sales                              10,074          97           —        10,171      9,748          110           —        9,858
 Gross profit                              $ 4,505 $      379 $       (107) $ 4,777         $ 4,409 $       377 $        (113) $ 4,673
 Adjusted gross profit                     $ 4,505 $      379 $       (107) $ 4,777         $ 4,409 $       377 $        (113) $ 4,673




                                                                                    2024                                              2023
                                                                               (52 weeks)                                        (52 weeks)
  For the years ended December 28, 2024
   and December 30, 2023                               Financial                                         Financial
  (millions of Canadian dollars)              Retail   Services Eliminations        Total      Retail    Services Eliminations        Total
  Revenue                                  $ 59,786 $ 1,586 $         (358) $ 61,014        $58,345 $ 1,540 $           (356) $59,529
  Cost of sales                              41,065     223              — 41,288            40,262     230                — 40,492
  Gross profit                             $ 18,721 $ 1,363 $         (358) $ 19,726        $ 18,083 $ 1,310 $          (356) $ 19,037
  Adjusted gross profit                    $ 18,721 $ 1,363 $         (358) $ 19,726        $ 18,083 $ 1,310 $          (356) $ 19,037




56 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin The following tables reconcile
adjusted operating income and adjusted EBITDA to operating income, which is reconciled to net earnings
attributable to shareholders of the Company as reported in the consolidated statements of earnings for the periods
ended as indicated. The Company believes that adjusted EBITDA is useful in assessing the performance of its
ongoing operations and its ability to generate cash flows to fund its cash requirements, including the Company’s
capital investment program.

Adjusted EBITDA margin is calculated as adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue.

                                                                                             2024                                   2023
                                                                                        (12 weeks)                             (12 weeks)
For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                   Financial                          Financial
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                         Retail   Services      Total       Retail   Services         Total
Net earnings attributable to shareholders
 of the Company                                                                             $ 469                               $   544
Add impact of the following:
 Non-controlling interests                                                                  (1)                                      16
 Net interest expense and other financing charges                                         199                                       195
 Income taxes                                                                             185                                       188
Operating income                                                   $    777 $        75 $ 852         $   843 $        100 $        943
Add (deduct) impact of the following:
  PC Optimum loyalty program                                       $     99 $        30 $     129     $      — $         — $          —
  Amortization of intangible assets acquired
   with Shoppers Drug Mart and Lifemark                                 115           —       115          115           —           115
  Fair value write-down related to sale of Wellwise                      23           —        23           —            —            —
  Fair value adjustment on non-operating properties                       3           —         3            9           —             9
  Recovery related to PC Bank commodity tax matter                        —           —         —           —           (13)         (13)
  Fair value adjustment on fuel and foreign currency
   contracts                                                            —             —      —              14           —       14
  Gain on sale of non-operating properties                              (3)           —      (3)             —           —       —
Adjusting items                                                    $ 237 $           30 $ 267         $    138 $        (13) $ 125
Adjusted operating income                                          $ 1,014 $        105 $ 1,119       $   981 $         87 $ 1,068
Depreciation and amortization                                         680            14    694            666            14    680
Less: Amortization of intangible assets acquired with
 Shoppers Drug Mart and Lifemark                                       (115)         —      (115)         (115)          —      (115)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                    $ 1,579 $        119 $ 1,698       $ 1,532 $         101 $ 1,633




                                                                2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited        57
Management’s Discussion and Analysis

                                                                                          2024                                  2023
                                                                                     (52 weeks)                            (52 weeks)
  For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                Financial                           Financial
  (millions of Canadian dollars)                                    Retail   Services       Total       Retail   Services       Total
  Net earnings attributable to shareholders
   of the Company                                                                        $ 2,171                             $ 2,100
  Add impact of the following:
   Non-controlling interests                                                      104                                         87
   Net interest expense and other financing charges                               821                                       803
   Income taxes                                                                   806                                        714
  Operating income                                              $ 3,465 $ 437 $ 3,902               $ 3,500 $       204 $ 3,704
  Add (deduct) impact of the following:
   Amortization of intangible assets acquired
     with Shoppers Drug Mart and Lifemark                       $ 499 $            — $ 499          $   499 $          — $      499
   Charges related to settlement of class action
     lawsuits                                                       164            —        164            —           —           —
   PC Optimum loyalty program                                        99           30        129            —           —           —
   Fair value write-down related to sale of Wellwise                 23            —         23            —           —           —
   Fair value adjustment on non-operating properties                   3           —           3            9          —            9
   Gain on sale of non-operating properties                           (3)          —          (3)         (12)         —          (12)
   Fair value adjustment on fuel and foreign currency
     contracts                                                         (5)         —          (5)         16           —          16
   (Recoveries) Charge related to PC Bank
     commodity tax matters                                          —   (155)   (155)                     —           24         24
  Adjusting items                                               $ 780 $ (125) $ 655                 $    512 $        24 $      536
  Adjusted operating income                                     $ 4,245 $        312 $ 4,557        $ 4,012 $       228 $ 4,240
  Depreciation and amortization                                   2,916           50  2,966           2,848          58   2,906
  Less: Amortization of intangible assets acquired with
   Shoppers Drug Mart and Lifemark                                 (499)    —    (499)                 (499)          —    (499)
  Adjusted EBITDA                                               $ 6,662 $ 362 $ 7,024               $ 6,361 $       286 $ 6,647




58 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
In addition to the items described in the Retail segment adjusted gross profit section above, when applicable,
adjusted EBITDA was impacted by the following:

Amortization of intangible assets acquired with Shoppers Drug Mart and Lifemark The acquisition of
Shoppers Drug Mart in 2014 included approximately $6,050 million of definite life intangible assets, which are
being amortized over their estimated useful lives. In 2024, the annual amortization associated with the acquired
intangibles was $479 million. The annual amortization will decrease to approximately $130 million in 2025,
including $110 million in the first quarter of 2025, and approximately $30 million thereafter.

The acquisition of Lifemark in 2022 included approximately $299 million of definite life intangible assets, which are
being amortized over their estimated useful lives.

Charges related to settlement of class action lawsuits On July 24, 2024, the Company and Weston entered into
binding Minutes of Settlement and on January 31, 2025, the Company and Weston entered into a Settlement
Agreement to resolve nationwide class action lawsuits against them relating to their role in an industry-wide price-
fixing arrangement. In the second quarter of 2024, charges of $164 million were recorded in the Retail segment in
SG&A, relating to the Company’s portion of the total settlement and related costs.
PC Optimum loyalty program In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a charge of $129 million, of
which $99 million was recorded in the Retail segment and $30 million was recorded in the Financial Services
segment. This charge represents the revaluation of the loyalty liability for outstanding points, reflecting higher
PC Optimum member participation and higher redemption rates.

Fair value write-down related to sale of Wellwise In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an
agreement with a third party to sell all of the shares of its Wellwise business for cash proceeds. Accordingly, the
Company recorded a net fair value write-down of $23 million in the Retail segment in SG&A. The transaction is
expected to close in the first quarter of 2025.

Fair value adjustment on non-operating properties The Company measures non-operating properties, which are
investment properties and assets held for sale that were transferred from investment properties, at fair value.
Under the fair value model, non-operating properties are initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at
fair value. Fair value using the income approach include assumptions as to market rental rates for properties of
similar size and condition located within the same geographical areas, recoverable operating costs for leases with
tenants, non-recoverable operating costs, vacancy periods, tenant inducements and terminal capitalization rates.
Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value are recognized in operating income in the period in which
they arise.

Gain on sale of non-operating properties In the fourth quarter of 2024 and year-to-date, the Company recorded a
gain related to the sale of non-operating properties of $3 million (fourth quarter of 2023 and year-to-date – gain of
nil and $12 million, respectively).

Fair value adjustment on fuel and foreign currency contracts The Company is exposed to commodity price and
U.S. dollar exchange rate fluctuations. In accordance with the Company’s commodity risk management policy, the
Company enters into exchange traded futures contracts and forward contracts to minimize cost volatility relating to
fuel prices and the U.S. dollar exchange rate. These derivatives are not acquired for trading or speculative
purposes. Pursuant to the Company’s derivative instruments accounting policy, changes in the fair value of these
instruments, which include realized and unrealized gains and losses, are recorded in operating income. Despite the
impact of accounting for these commodity and foreign currency derivatives on the Company’s reported results, the
derivatives have the economic impact of largely mitigating the associated risks arising from price and exchange
rate fluctuations in the underlying commodities and U.S. dollar commitments.

(Recoveries) Charge related to PC Bank commodity tax matters In 2022, the Tax Court released a decision
relating to PC Bank, a subsidiary of the Company. The Tax Court ruled that PC Bank is not entitled to claim notional
input tax credits for certain payments it made to Loblaws Inc. in respect of redemptions of loyalty points. PC Bank
subsequently filed a Notice of Appeal with the FCA and in March 2024, the matter was heard by the FCA. In the
third quarter of 2024, the FCA released its decision and reversed the decision of the Tax Court. As a result,
PC Bank reversed charges of $155 million, including $111 million initially recorded in 2022. In addition, $10 million
was recorded related to interest income on cash tax refunds.




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   59
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 In 2023, the Federal government enacted certain commodity tax legislation that applied to PC Bank on a
 retroactive basis. A charge of $37 million, inclusive of interest, was recorded for this matter. In the fourth quarter of
 2023, the Company reversed $13 million of previously recorded charges. The reversal was a result of new
 guidance issued by the Canada Revenue Agency.

 Adjusted Net Interest Expense and Other Financing Charges The following table reconciles adjusted net interest
 expense and other financing charges to net interest expense and other financing charges as reported in the
 consolidated statements of earnings for the periods ended as indicated. The Company believes that adjusted net
 interest expense and other financing charges is useful in assessing the Company’s underlying financial
 performance and in making decisions regarding the financial operations of the business.

 For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                 2024               2023               2024                2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                           (12 weeks)         (12 weeks)         (52 weeks)          (52 weeks)
 Net interest expense and other financing charges                     $         199      $         195      $         821       $          803
 Add: Recovery related to PC Bank commodity
  tax matter                                                                      —                  —                  10                  —
 Adjusted net interest expense and other
  financing charges                                                   $         199      $         195      $         831       $          803


 In the third quarter of 2024 and on a full-year basis, $10 million was recorded related to interest income on cash tax
 refunds on the PC Bank commodity tax matter discussed above.

 Adjusted Income Taxes and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate The following table reconciles adjusted income taxes to
 income taxes as reported in the consolidated statements of earnings for the periods ended as indicated. The
 Company believes that adjusted income taxes is useful in assessing the Company’s underlying operating
 performance and in making decisions regarding the ongoing operations of its business.

 Adjusted effective tax rate is calculated as adjusted income taxes divided by the sum of adjusted operating income
 less adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges.

 For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                 2024               2023               2024                2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)          (12 weeks)         (12 weeks)         (52 weeks)          (52 weeks)
 Adjusted operating income(i)                                         $      1,119       $     1,068        $     4,557         $     4,240
 Adjusted net interest expense and other
   financing charges(i)                                                      199                 195                831                803
 Adjusted earnings before taxes                                       $      920         $       873        $     3,726         $     3,437
 Income taxes                                                         $      185         $       188        $       806         $       714
 Add impact of the following:
   Tax impact of items included in adjusted
     earnings before taxes(ii)                                                60                 36                 163                 144
 Adjusted income taxes                                                $      245         $      224         $      969          $      858
 Effective tax rate                                                          28.3 %             25.1 %             26.2 %              24.6 %
 Adjusted effective tax rate                                                 26.6 %             25.7 %             26.0 %              25.0 %


 (i) See reconciliations of adjusted operating income and adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges in the tables above.
 (ii) See the adjusted operating income, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin table and the adjusted net interest expense and other
      financing charges table above for a complete list of items included in adjusted earnings before taxes.




60 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Adjusted Net Earnings Available to Common Shareholders and Adjusted Diluted Net Earnings Per Common
Share The following table reconciles adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company and
adjusted net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company to net earnings attributable to shareholders of
the Company and then to net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company for the periods ended as
indicated. The Company believes that adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders and adjusted
diluted net earnings per common share are useful in assessing the Company’s underlying operating performance
and in making decisions regarding the ongoing operations of its business.

For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023              2024             2023             2024             2023
(millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)       (12 weeks)       (12 weeks)       (52 weeks)       (52 weeks)
Net earnings attributable to shareholders
  of the Company                                                  $        469     $        544     $       2,171    $       2,100
Prescribed dividends on preferred shares in
  share capital                                                              (3)              (3)             (12)                 (12)
Impact of preferred share redemption                                         (4)              —                (4)                  —
Net earnings available to common shareholders
  of the Company                                                  $        462     $        541     $      2,155     $      2,088
Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the
  Company                                                         $        469     $        544     $       2,171    $       2,100
Adjusting items (refer to the following table)                             207               89              482              392
Adjusted net earnings attributable to shareholders
  of the Company                                                  $        676     $        633     $      2,653     $      2,492
Prescribed dividends on preferred shares in
  share capital                                                              (3)              (3)             (12)                 (12)
Impact of preferred share redemption                                         (4)              —                (4)                  —
Adjusted net earnings available to common
  shareholders of the Company                                     $        669     $        630     $      2,637     $      2,480
Diluted weighted average common shares
  outstanding (millions)                                                 304.4            314.9            308.5            320.0



The following table reconciles adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company and
adjusted diluted net earnings per common share to net earnings available to common shareholders of the
Company and diluted net earnings per common share for the periods ended as indicated.




                                                                  2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited    61
Management’s Discussion and Analysis

                                                                  2024                        2023                     2024                       2023
                                                             (12 weeks)                  (12 weeks)               (52 weeks)                 (52 weeks)
                                                   Net Earnings     Diluted   Net Earnings     Diluted   Net Earnings     Diluted   Net Earnings     Diluted
                                                    Available to        Net    Available to        Net    Available to        Net    Available to        Net
                                                      Common       Earnings       Common      Earnings      Common       Earnings       Common      Earnings
 For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and
                                                   Shareholders         Per   Shareholders         Per   Shareholders         Per   Shareholders         Per
  December 30, 2023
                                                          of the   Common            of the   Common            of the   Common            of the   Common
 (millions of Canadian dollars/Canadian dollars)      Company         Share      Company        Share       Company         Share      Company        Share

 As reported                                       $     462 $ 1.52           $      541 $ 1.72          $ 2,155 $ 6.99             $ 2,088 $ 6.52
 Add (deduct) impact of the
  following:
  PC Optimum loyalty program                       $      94 $ 0.31           $        — $         —     $      94 $ 0.30           $        — $        —
  Amortization of intangible assets
    acquired with
    Shoppers Drug Mart and
    Lifemark                                               84       0.27              85       0.27            367        1.20            367         1.15
  Fair value write-down related to
    sale of Wellwise                                      29        0.10               —           —            29       0.09                —          —
  Fair value adjustment on non-
    operating properties                                     3      0.01                6      0.02                3      0.01                6     0.02
  Charges related to settlement of
    class action lawsuits                                   —          —               —           —            121      0.39                —          —
  Fair value adjustment on fuel and
    foreign currency contracts                              —          —              10       0.03               (4)    (0.01)             12       0.04
  (Recoveries) Charge related to
    PC Bank commodity tax matters                           —          —              (12)    (0.04)          (125)      (0.41)              17     0.05
  Gain on sale of non-operating
    properties                                            (3) (0.01)                  —      —                (3) (0.01)                 (10) (0.03)
 Adjusting items                                   $    207 $ 0.68            $      89 $ 0.28           $ 482 $ 1.56               $ 392 $ 1.23
 Adjusted                                          $    669 $ 2.20            $     630 $ 2.00           $ 2,637 $ 8.55             $ 2,480 $ 7.75




62 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Free Cash Flow The following table reconciles, by reportable operating segments, free cash flow to cash flows
from operating activities. The Company believes that free cash flow is the appropriate measure in assessing the
Company’s cash available for additional financing and investing activities.

                                                                                           2024                                                2023
                                                                                      (12 weeks)                                          (12 weeks)
For the periods ended December 28, 2024 and
 December 30, 2023
                                                            Financial       Elimi-                               Financial      Elimi-
(millions of Canadian dollars)                     Retail   Services     nations(i)         Total       Retail   Services    nations(i)         Total
Cash flows from (used in)
 operating activities                         $ 1,748 $ (209) $               48 $ 1,587            $ 1,495 $        (131) $       41 $ 1,405
Less:
  Capital investments(ii)                          619      9                  —           628          666            10          —           676
  Interest paid(i)                                  51     —                  48            99           60            —           41           101
  Lease payments, net                              250     —                   —           250          257            —           —           257
Free cash flow                                $    828 $ (218) $               — $         610      $   512 $        (141) $       — $         371



                                                                                           2024                                                2023
                                                                                      (52 weeks)                                          (52 weeks)
For the years ended December 28, 2024 and
 December 30, 2023
                                                            Financial       Elimi-                               Financial      Elimi-
(millions of Canadian dollars)                     Retail   Services     nations(i)         Total       Retail   Services    nations(i)         Total
Cash flows from operating
 activities                                   $ 5,449 $ 205 $ 148 $ 5,802                           $ 5,480 $         46 $       128 $ 5,654
Less:
  Capital investments(ii)                       2,160    40     —  2,200                              2,069           40           —   2,109
  Interest paid(i)                                295     —   148     443                                293           —         128     421
  Lease payments, net                           1,488     —     —   1,488                              1,424           —           —   1,424
Free cash flow                                $ 1,506 $ 165 $   — $ 1,671                           $ 1,694 $          6 $         — $ 1,700


(i) Interest paid is included in cash flows from operating activities under the Financial Services segment.
(ii) Capital investments are the sum of fixed asset purchases and intangible asset additions as presented in the Company’s Consolidated
     Statements of Cash Flows, and prepayments transferred to fixed assets in the current period. Capital investments in the fourth quarter of
     2023 and for the year-ended December 30, 2023 included $37 million of prepayments transferred to fixed assets.

Retail Debt to Retail Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Return on Equity and Adjusted Return on Capital The Company
uses the following metrics to measure its leverage and profitability. The definitions of these ratios are presented
below.
•    Retail Debt to Retail Adjusted EBITDA Retail segment total debt divided by Retail segment adjusted EBITDA
     for the last four quarters. Please refer to section “7.2 Liquidity and Capital Structure” of this MD&A.
•    Adjusted Return on Equity Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company for the
     last four quarters divided by average total equity attributable to common shareholders of the Company. Please
     refer to section “7.4 Financial Condition” of this MD&A.
•    Adjusted Return on Capital Tax-effected adjusted operating income for the last four quarters divided by
     average capital where capital is defined as total debt, plus equity attributable to shareholders of the Company,
     less cash and cash equivalents, and short term investments. Please refer to section “7.4 Financial Condition” of
     this MD&A.

Same-Store Sales Same-store sales are retail segment sales for stores in operation in both comparable periods,
including relocated, converted, expanded, contracted or renovated stores. The Company believes this metric is
useful in assessing sales trends excluding the effect of the opening and closure of stores.




                                                                        2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited            63
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures - Selected Quarterly and Three Year Summary Reconciliations to
 GAAP Measures
 Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin The following table provides a
 reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to operating income, which is reconciled to GAAP net earnings attributable to
 shareholders of the Company reported for the quarters and years ended as indicated.

                                                                                   2024                                                    2023       2022
                                       First     Second      Third     Fourth                   First     Second      Third      Fourth
 (unaudited)                         Quarter     Quarter   Quarter    Quarter        Total    Quarter     Quarter   Quarter     Quarter      Total       Total
 (millions of Canadian dollars)      (12 weeks) (12 weeks) (16 weeks) (12 weeks) (52 weeks)   (12 weeks) (12 weeks) (16 weeks) (12 weeks) (52 weeks) (52 weeks)

 Net earnings attributable to
  shareholders of the Company        $ 462 $ 460 $ 780 $ 469 $ 2,171                          $ 421 $        511 $ 624 $ 544 $2,100 $ 1,921
 Add (deduct) impact of the
  following:
  Non-controlling interests               27        38         40           (1)      104           16         30         25          16        87         73
  Net interest expense and other
   financing charges                     194       190        238        199         821          181        193       234         195       803        683
  Income taxes                           178       180        263        185        806           151        193        182        188        714       665
 Operating income                    $ 861 $ 868 $ 1,321 $ 852 $3,902 $ 769 $ 927 $1,065 $ 943 $3,704 $3,342
 Add (deduct) impact of the
  following:
  Amortization of intangible
   assets acquired with
   Shoppers Drug Mart and
   Lifemark                          $   114 $      115 $ 155 $           115 $ 499           $   114 $      116 $ 154 $            115 $ 499 $ 497
  Charges related to settlement
   of class action lawsuits                —       164           —          —        164           —           —          —          —          —          —
  PC Optimum loyalty program               —          —          —       129         129           —           —          —          —          —          —
  Fair value write-down related to
   sale of Wellwise                        —          —          —         23         23           —           —          —          —          —          —
  Fair value adjustment on non-
   operating properties                    —          —          —          3           3          —           —          —           9          9         (6)
  Lifemark transaction costs               —          —          —          —          —           —           —          —          —          —          16
  Restructuring and other related
   (recoveries) costs                      —          —          —          —          —           —           —          —          —          —         (15)
  (Gain) Loss on sale of non-
   operating properties                    —         —           —         (3)         (3)           1         —         (13)        —         (12)      (57)
  Fair value adjustment on fuel
   and foreign currency contracts          (7)        2          —          —          (5)          3          5          (6)        14         16         (5)
  (Recoveries) Charges related to
   PC Bank commodity tax
   matters                                 —         —       (155)          —       (155)          —          37          —         (13)       24          111
 Adjusting items                     $ 107 $ 281 $               — $ 267 $ 655                $   118 $ 158 $ 135 $ 125 $ 536 $ 541
 Adjusted operating income           $ 968 $ 1,149 $ 1,321 $ 1,119 $4,557                     $ 887 $1,085 $1,200 $1,068 $4,240 $3,883
 Depreciation and amortization           690       679        903        694      2,966           675        671       880        680 2,906           2,795
 Less: Amortization of intangible
  assets acquired with Shoppers
  Drug Mart and Lifemark                 (114)     (115)     (155)       (115)     (499)          (114)     (116)      (154)       (115)    (499)       (497)
 Adjusted EBITDA                     $1,544 $ 1,713 $2,069 $1,698 $7,024                      $ 1,448 $ 1,640 $ 1,926 $ 1,633 $6,647 $ 6,181




64 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Adjusted Net Interest Expense and Other Financing Charges The following table reconciles adjusted net interest
expense and other financing charges to GAAP net interest expense and other financing charges reported for the
periods ended as indicated.
(unaudited)                                                                                      2024               2023                2022
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                              (52 weeks)         (52 weeks)          (52 weeks)
Net interest expense and other financing charges                                        $         821      $         803       $          683
Add impact of the following:
 Recovery related to PC Bank commodity tax matter                                                  10                  —                    —
 Recovery related to Glenhuron                                                                     —                   —                    11
Adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges                               $         831      $         803       $          694


Recovery related to PC Bank commodity tax matter In the third quarter of 2024 and on a full-year basis,
$10 million was recorded related to interest income on cash tax refunds on the PC Bank commodity tax matter
discussed above.

Recovery related to Glenhuron In 2021, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled in favour of the Company on the
Glenhuron matter. As a result of related reassessments received during the first quarter of 2022, the Company
reversed $35 million of previously recorded charges, of which $2 million was recorded as interest income and
$33 million was recorded as an income tax recovery, and an additional $9 million, before taxes, was recorded in
respect of interest income earned on expected cash tax refunds.

Adjusted Income Taxes and Adjusted Effective Tax Rate The following table reconciles the effective tax rate
applicable to adjusted earnings before taxes to the GAAP effective tax rate applicable to earnings before taxes as
reported for the periods ended as indicated.
(unaudited)                                                                                      2024               2023                2022
(millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                             (52 weeks)         (52 weeks)          (52 weeks)
Adjusted operating income(i)                                                            $     4,557        $     4,240         $     3,883
Adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges(i)                                    831                803                 694
Adjusted earnings before taxes                                                          $     3,726        $     3,437         $     3,189
Income taxes                                                                            $       806        $        714        $       665
Add impact of the following:
  Tax impact of items included in adjusted earnings before taxes(ii)                            163                144                 143
  Recovery related to Glenhuron                                                                   —                  —                  33
Adjusted income taxes                                                                   $      969         $      858          $       841
Effective tax rate                                                                             26.2 %             24.6 %              25.0%
Adjusted effective tax rate                                                                    26.0 %             25.0 %              26.4%


(i) See reconciliations of adjusted operating income and adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges in the tables above.
(ii) See the adjusted operating income, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin table and the adjusted net interest expense and other
     financing charges table above for a complete list of items included in adjusted earnings before taxes.




                                                                     2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited        65
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 Adjusted Net Earnings Available to Common Shareholders and Adjusted Diluted Net Earnings Per Common
 Share The following tables reconcile adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company and
 adjusted diluted net earnings per common share to GAAP net earnings available to common shareholders of the
 Company and diluted net earnings per common share as reported for the quarters and years ended as indicated.

                                                                                          2024                                                            2023         2022
                                        First    Second         Third       Fourth                     First      Second         Third       Fourth
  (unaudited)                         Quarter    Quarter      Quarter      Quarter         Total     Quarter      Quarter      Quarter      Quarter         Total        Total
  (millions of Canadian dollars     (12 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (16 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (52 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (16 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (52 weeks)   (52 weeks)

  As reported                     $ 459 $ 457 $ 777 $ 462 $2,155 $ 418 $ 508 $ 621 $ 541 $2,088 $ 1,909
  Add (deduct) impact
   of the following(i):
       Amortization of
        intangible assets
        acquired
        with Shoppers
        Drug Mart and
        Lifemark                  $     84 $         84 $ 115 $                84 $ 367 $                84 $         85 $         113 $        85 $ 367 $ 365
       Charges related to
        settlement of class
        action lawsuits                   —         121             —            —          121            —            —            —            —            —            —
       PC Optimum loyalty
        program                           —            —            —          94           94             —            —            —            —            —            —
       Fair value write-
        down related to
        sale of Wellwise                  —            —            —          29           29             —            —            —            —            —            —
       Fair value
        adjustment on non-
        operating
        properties                        —            —            —            3             3           —            —            —            6             6           (4)
       Lifemark transaction
        costs                             —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —           12
       Restructuring and
        other related
        (recoveries) costs                —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —           (14)
       Recovery related to
        Glenhuron                         —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —          (42)
       (Gain) Loss on sale
        of non-operating
        properties                        —            —            —           (3)           (3)           1           —           (11)          —          (10)         (45)
       Fair value
        adjustment on fuel
        and foreign
        currency contracts               (6)           2            —            —           (4)           2             4           (4)         10           12            (4)
   (Recoveries)
    Charges related to
    PC Bank
    commodity tax
    matters                           —     —   (125)   —   (125)     —    29    —     (12)   17     86
  Adjusting items                 $ 78 $ 207 $ (10) $ 207 $ 482 $ 87 $ 118 $ 98 $ 89 $ 392 $ 354
  Adjusted(i)                     $ 537 $ 664 $ 767 $ 669 $2,637 $$ 505 $ 626 $ 719 $ 630 $2,480 $2,263

 (i)     Net of income taxes and non-controlling interests, as applicable.




66 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
                                                                                       2024                                                            2023        2022
 (unaudited)                         First    Second         Third       Fourth                     First      Second         Third       Fourth
 ($ except where otherwise         Quarter    Quarter      Quarter      Quarter         Total     Quarter      Quarter      Quarter      Quarter         Total       Total
    indicated)                   (12 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (16 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (52 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (16 weeks)   (12 weeks)   (52 weeks) (52 weeks)

 As reported                    $ 1.47 $ 1.48 $ 2.53 $ 1.52 $ 6.99 $ 1.29 $ 1.58 $ 1.95 $ 1.72 $ 6.52 $ 5.75
 Add (deduct) impact
  of the following(i):
  Amortization of
   intangible assets
   acquired
   with Shoppers
   Drug Mart and
   Lifemark                     $ 0.27 $ 0.27 $ 0.38 $ 0.27 $ 1.20 $ 0.26 $ 0.26 $ 0.35 $ 0.27 $ 1.15 $ 1.11
  Charges related to
   settlement of class
   action lawsuits                     —       0.39              —            —        0.39             —            —            —            —            —          —
  PC Optimum loyalty
   program                             —            —            —        0.31        0.30              —            —            —            —            —          —
  Fair value write-down
   related to sale of
   Wellwise                            —            —            —        0.10        0.09              —            —            —            —            —          —
  Fair value adjustment
   on non-operating
   properties                          —            —            —        0.01         0.01             —            —            —       0.02         0.02        (0.01)
  Lifemark transaction
   costs                               —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —      0.04
  Restructuring and
   other related
   (recoveries) costs                  —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —     (0.04)
  Recovery related to
   Glenhuron                           —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —            —      (0.13)
  (Gain) Loss on sale of
   non-operating
   properties                          —            —            —       (0.01)       (0.01)            —            —      (0.03)             —       (0.03)      (0.14)
  Fair value adjustment
   on fuel and foreign
   currency contracts             (0.02)        0.01             —            —       (0.01)            —        0.01        (0.01)       0.03          0.04       (0.01)
  (Recoveries) Charges
   related to PC Bank
   commodity tax
   matters                           —      — (0.41)       — (0.41)      —   0.09     — (0.04) 0.05 0.25
 Adjusting items                $ 0.25 $ 0.67 $(0.03) $ 0.68 $ 1.56 $ 0.26 $ 0.36 $ 0.31 $ 0.28 $ 1.23 $ 1.07
 Adjusted(i)                    $ 1.72 $ 2.15 $ 2.50 $ 2.20 $ 8.55 $ 1.55 $ 1.94 $ 2.26 $ 2.00 $ 7.75 $ 6.82
  Diluted weighted
   average common
   shares outstanding
   (millions)                      311.9 308.8 306.9 304.4 308.5                                  324.8        322.5        318.4        314.9        320.0       331.7


(i)   Net of income taxes and non-controlling interests, as applicable.




                                                                                2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited                         67
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
 18. Additional Information
 Additional information about the Company has been filed electronically with various securities regulators in Canada
 through SEDAR+ and is available online at www.sedarplus.ca and with OSFI as the primary regulator for the
 Company’s subsidiary, PC Bank.
 February 19, 2025
 Toronto, Canada




 MD&A Endnotes

 (1) For financial definitions and ratios refer to the Glossary of Terms section included within the Company’s 2024 Annual Report.
 (2) See Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures”, which includes the reconciliation of such non-GAAP and other measures to the
     most directly comparable GAAP measures.
 (3) To be read in conjunction with Section 1 “Forward-Looking Statements”.




68 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Financial Results
Management’s Statement of Responsibility for Financial Reporting                                                     70
Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                         71
Consolidated Financial Statements
  Consolidated Statements of Earnings                                                                               74
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income                                                                   75
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity                                                                      76
  Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                                                       77
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                                             78
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                    79
     Note 1.      Nature and Description of the Reporting Entity                                                    79
     Note 2.      Accounting Policies                                                                               79
     Note 3.      Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments                                                       90
     Note 4.      Future Accounting Standards and Amendments                                                        92
     Note 5.      Net Interest Expense and Other Financing Charges                                                  93
     Note 6.      Income Taxes                                                                                      93
     Note 7.      Basic and Diluted Net Earnings per Common Share                                                   95
     Note 8.      Cash and Cash Equivalents and Change in Non-cash Working Capital                                  95
     Note 9.      Accounts Receivable                                                                               96
     Note 10.    Credit Card Receivables                                                                            96
     Note 11.    Inventories                                                                                         98
     Note 12.    Assets Held for Sale                                                                                98
     Note 13.    Fixed Assets                                                                                       99
     Note 14.    Investment Properties                                                                              100
     Note 15.    Intangible Assets                                                                                   101
     Note 16.    Goodwill                                                                                           102
     Note 17.    Other Assets                                                                                       103
     Note 18.    Supplier Financing                                                                                 104
     Note 19.    Provisions                                                                                         104
     Note 20.    Long Term Debt                                                                                     105
     Note 21.    Other Liabilities                                                                                  108
     Note 22.    Share Capital                                                                                      108
     Note 23.    Capital Management                                                                                 110
     Note 24.    Post-Employment Benefits                                                                           112
     Note 25.    Equity-Based Compensation                                                                          117
     Note 26.    Employee Costs                                                                                     119
     Note 27.    Leases                                                                                             120
     Note 28.    Financial Instruments                                                                              122
     Note 29.    Financial Risk Management                                                                          124
     Note 30.    Contingent Liabilities                                                                             126
     Note 31.    Financial Guarantees                                                                               128
     Note 32.    Related Party Transactions                                                                         129
     Note 33.    Segment Information                                                                                132




                                                   2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited    69
 Management’s Statement of Responsibility for Financial Reporting
 Management of Loblaw Companies Limited is responsible for the preparation, presentation and integrity of the
 accompanying consolidated financial statements, Management’s Discussion and Analysis and all other information
 in the 2024 Annual Report. This responsibility includes the selection and consistent application of appropriate
 accounting principles and methods in addition to making the judgments and estimates necessary to prepare the
 consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
 International Accounting Standards Board. It also includes ensuring that the financial information presented
 elsewhere in the 2024 Annual Report is consistent with that in the consolidated financial statements.

 Management is also responsible for providing reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and that relevant
 and reliable financial information is produced. Management is required to design a system of internal controls and
 certify as to the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. A dedicated control
 compliance team reviews and evaluates internal controls, the results of which are shared with management on a
 quarterly basis.

 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report follows, were appointed as independent auditors by a vote of the
 Company’s shareholders to audit the consolidated financial statements.

 The Board of Directors, acting through an Audit Committee comprised solely of directors who are independent, are
 responsible for determining that management fulfills its responsibilities in the preparation of the consolidated
 financial statements and the financial control of operations. The Audit Committee recommends the independent
 auditors for appointment by the shareholders. The Audit Committee meets regularly with senior and financial
 management, internal auditors and the independent auditors to discuss internal controls, auditing activities and
 financial reporting matters. The independent auditors and internal auditors have unrestricted access to the Audit
 Committee. These consolidated financial statements and Management’s Discussion and Analysis have been
 approved by the Board of Directors for inclusion in the 2024 Annual Report based on the review and
 recommendation of the Audit Committee.

 Toronto, Canada
 February 19, 2025

 [signed]                                                     [signed]
 Per Bank                                                     Richard Dufresne
 President and Chief Executive Officer                        Chief Financial Officer




70 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Loblaw Companies Limited

Our opinion
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Loblaw Companies Limited and its subsidiaries (together, the Company) as at December 28,
2024 and December 30, 2023, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the 52-week years then ended
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (IFRS Accounting Standards).
What we have audited
The Company’s consolidated financial statements comprise:
•   the consolidated statements of earnings for the 52-week years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30,
    2023;
•   the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the 52-week years ended December 28, 2024 and
    December 30, 2023;
•   the consolidated statements of changes in equity for the 52-week years ended December 28, 2024 and
    December 30, 2023;
•   the consolidated balance sheets as at December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023;
•   the consolidated statements of cash flows for the 52-week years ended December 28, 2024 and December
    30, 2023; and
•   the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and
    other explanatory information.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.
Independence
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the consolidated financial statements in Canada. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with these requirements.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements for the 52-week year ended December 28, 2024. These matters were addressed
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Assessment of impairment indicators for fixed assets and right-of-use assets for retail locations
Refer to note 2 – Accounting Policies, note 3 – Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments, note 13 – Fixed
Assets and note 27 – Leases to the consolidated financial statements.

As at December 28, 2024, the Company had fixed assets of $7,098 million and right-of-use assets of $8,239
million. At each balance sheet date, management reviews the carrying amounts of its fixed assets and right-of-use
assets at the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) level to determine whether there is any indication of impairment.
Judgment is used to determine whether an indication of impairment exists; if any such indication exists, the CGU is
then tested for impairment. In applying this judgment, management considers profitability of the CGU and other
qualitative factors. Management determined that each retail location is a separate CGU for purposes of fixed asset
and right-of-use asset impairment testing. The fixed assets and right-of-use assets related to the retail location
CGUs represent a significant portion of the Company’s fixed assets and right-of-use assets.

Management identified indications of impairment for certain retail location CGUs and therefore an impairment test
was performed for these CGUs. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the CGU’s carrying
value exceeds its recoverable amount.



                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   71
 For the 52-week year ended December 28, 2024, the Company recorded $30 million of impairment losses on fixed
 assets and $15 million of impairment losses on right-of-use assets in respect of 18 retail location CGUs.

 We considered this a key audit matter due to the judgments made by management in assessing the indications of
 impairment. This resulted in significant audit effort and subjectivity in performing procedures to assess the
 indications of impairment.

 Our approach to addressing the matter included the following procedures, among others:
 • Evaluated management’s assessment of indications of impairment, which included the following:
     • Assessed the reasonableness of the profitability of the CGUs on a sample basis by considering the actual
         historical performance of the CGUs.
     • Assessed other qualitative factors by considering evidence obtained in other areas of the audit.
     • Tested the underlying data used in the indications of impairment assessment on a sample basis by tracing
         to supporting documentation and testing the mathematical accuracy.
     • Performed a sensitivity analysis over indications of impairment.
 • Tested the disclosures made in the consolidated financial statements with regards to the impairment
      assessments of the retail location CGUs.
 Other information
 Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Management's
 Discussion and Analysis and the information, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's
 report thereon, included in the 2024 Annual Report.
 Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
 any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
 In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
 information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
 the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
 misstated.
 If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
 information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

 Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the consolidated financial
 statements
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in
 accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary
 to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
 due to fraud or error.
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability
 to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
 concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or
 has no realistic alternative but to do so.

 Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

 Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
 are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
 opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
 accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when
 it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
 they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
 consolidated financial statements.




72 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise professional
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
     is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
     forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Company’s internal control.
•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by management.
•    Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
     cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
     uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
     consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
     conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
     events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
     information of the entities or business units within the Company as a basis for forming an opinion on the
     consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
     work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Anita McOuat.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Ontario
February 19, 2025




                                                            2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   73
Consolidated Statements of Earnings


 For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)         2024         2023
 Revenue                                                            $   61,014   $   59,529
 Cost of sales (note 11)                                                41,288       40,492
 Selling, general and administrative expenses                           15,824       15,333
 Operating income                                                   $   3,902    $    3,704
 Net interest expense and other financing charges (note 5)                821          803
 Earnings before income taxes                                       $    3,081   $    2,901
 Income taxes (note 6)                                                    806           714
 Net earnings                                                       $   2,275    $    2,187
 Attributable to:
    Shareholders of the Company (note 7)                            $    2,171   $    2,100
    Non-controlling interests                                             104           87
 Net earnings                                                       $   2,275    $    2,187
 Net earnings per common share ($) (note 7)
    Basic                                                           $     7.06   $     6.59
    Diluted                                                         $    6.99    $     6.52
 Weighted average common shares outstanding (millions) (note 7)
    Basic                                                                305.1        316.7
    Diluted                                                             308.5         320.0


 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.




74 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income


  For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023
  (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                       2024                  2023
  Net earnings                                                                              $          2,275      $          2,187
  Other comprehensive income, net of taxes
    Items that are or may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss:
      Foreign currency translation gains                                                    $               3     $                 —
      Unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges (note 28)                                                 (7)                      4
      Gain on long term securities (note 28)                                                                1                       1
    Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Net defined benefit plan actuarial gains (note 24)                                                  76                   199
  Other comprehensive income, net of taxes                                                  $             73      $           204
  Total comprehensive income                                                                $          2,348      $          2,391
  Attributable to:
    Shareholders of the Company                                                             $          2,244      $         2,304
    Non-controlling interests                                                                            104                    87
  Total comprehensive income                                                                $          2,348      $          2,391


See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                   2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   75
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity


                                                                                                      Foreign                             Accumulated
                                             Common Preferred         Total                          Currency      Cash                         Other       Non-
(millions of Canadian dollars except where     Share   Share         Share    Retained Contributed Translation     Flow      Fair Value Comprehensive Controlling      Total
    otherwise indicated)                      Capital Capital       Capital   Earnings    Surplus Adjustment     Hedges    Adjustments        Income    Interests     Equity

Balance as at December 30, 2023 $ 6,256 $ 221 $ 6,477 $4,816 $                               136 $         41 $     (11) $         5 $           35 $       155 $11,619
Net earnings                                 $       — $      — $       — $ 2,171 $            — $         — $      — $            — $            — $       104 $2,275
Other comprehensive income                           —        —         —         76           —            3        (7)            1             (3)         —         73
Total comprehensive income                   $       — $      — $       — $2,247 $             — $          3 $      (7) $          1 $           (3) $     104 $2,348
Common shares purchased and
  cancelled (note 22)                             (232)       —     (232) (1,661)              —           —        —              —              —           —     (1,893)
Effect of equity-based
   compensation (note 22 and 25)                   166        —      166           —          (21)         —        —              —              —           —        145
Shares purchased and held in trust
   (note 22)                                         (8)      —        (8)       (64)          —           —        —              —              —           —        (72)
Shares released from trust (note 22
   and 25)                                           14       —        14         34           —           —        —              —              —           —         48
Dividends declared per common
  share – $1.985 (note 22)                           —        —         —      (604)           —           —        —              —              —           —       (604)
Dividends declared per preferred
  share – $1.32500 (note 22)                         —        —         —         (12)         —           —        —              —              —           —        (12)
Impact of preferred share
  redemption (note 22)                               —      (221)   (221)          (8)         —           —        —              —              —           —       (229)
Net distribution to non-controlling
  interests                                          —        —         —          —           —           —        —              —              —         (84)       (84)
                                             $      (60) $ (221) $ (281) $       (68) $       (21) $        3 $      (7) $          1 $           (3) $      20 $ (353)
Balance as at December 28, 2024 $ 6,196 $                     — $ 6,196 $4,748 $              115 $       44 $ (18) $              6 $           32 $       175 $11,266


                                                                                                      Foreign                             Accumulated
                                                 Common Preferred     Total                          Currency      Cash                         Other       Non-
(millions of Canadian dollars except where         Share   Share     Share    Retained Contributed Translation     Flow      Fair Value Comprehensive Controlling      Total
    otherwise indicated)                          Capital Capital   Capital   Earnings    Surplus Adjustment     Hedges    Adjustments        Income    Interests     Equity

Balance as at December 31, 2022              $ 6,465 $ 221 $6,686 $ 4,461 $                  122 $         41 $ (15) $              4 $          30 $       157 $11,456
Net earnings                                 $       — $      — $       — $2,100 $              — $        — $      — $            — $            — $        87 $ 2,187
Other comprehensive income                           —        —         —        199            —          —         4              1              5          —       204
Total comprehensive income                   $       — $      — $       — $2,299 $              — $        — $       4 $            1 $            5 $       87 $ 2,391
Common shares purchased and
   cancelled (note 22)                             (277)      —     (277) (1,352)               —          —        —              —              —           —     (1,629)
Effect of equity-based
   compensation (note 22 and 25)                     69       —        69          —           14          —        —              —              —           —         83
Shares purchased and held in trust
   (note 22)                                         (13)     —       (13)       (59)           —          —        —              —              —           —        (72)
Shares released from trust (note 22
  and 25)                                            12       —        12         29            —          —        —              —              —           —         41
Dividends declared per common
  share – $1.743 (note 22)                           —        —         —      (550)            —          —        —              —              —           —       (550)
Dividends declared per preferred
  share – $1.32500 (note 22)                         —        —         —         (12)          —          —        —              —              —           —        (12)
Net distribution to non-controlling
 interests                                           —        —         —          —            —          —        —              —              —         (89)       (89)
                                             $ (209) $        — $ (209) $ 355 $                14 $        — $       4 $            1 $            5 $        (2) $    163
Balance as at December 30, 2023 $ 6,256 $ 221 $ 6,477 $4,816 $                               136 $         41 $     (11) $          5 $          35 $       155 $11,619

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.




   76 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Consolidated Balance Sheets


                                                                                                  As at                      As at
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                      December 28, 2024          December 30, 2023
 Assets
 Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents (note 8)                                             $             1,462       $               1,488
      Short term investments                                                                         648                         464
      Accounts receivable (note 9)                                                                 1,455                      1,298
      Credit card receivables (note 10)                                                            4,230                       4,132
      Inventories (note 11)                                                                        6,330                      5,820
      Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                              376                         324
      Assets held for sale (note 12)                                                                   47                         52
 Total current assets                                                                $            14,548       $             13,578
 Fixed assets (note 13)                                                                            7,098                      6,346
 Right-of-use assets (note 27 )                                                                    8,239                      7,662
 Investment properties (note 14)                                                                       56                         53
 Intangible assets (note 15)                                                                       5,446                      5,994
 Goodwill (note 16)                                                                                4,372                      4,349
 Deferred income tax assets (note 6)                                                                  118                        125
 Other assets (note 17)                                                                            1,003                         872
 Total assets                                                                        $            40,880       $             38,979
 Liabilities
 Current liabilities
     Bank indebtedness (note 31)                                                     $                  —      $                  13
     Trade payables and other liabilities (note 18)                                                 7,531                    6,324
     Loyalty liability                                                                                212                       123
     Provisions (note 19)                                                                             252                        115
     Income taxes payable                                                                              86                      240
     Demand deposits from customers                                                                   353                       166
     Short term debt (note 10)                                                                        800                      850
     Long term debt due within one year (note 20)                                                     631                      1,191
     Lease liabilities due within one year (note 27)                                                1,648                    1,455
     Associate interest                                                                               255                      370
 Total current liabilities                                                           $             11,768      $            10,847
 Provisions (note 19)                                                                                 135                       123
 Long term debt (note 20)                                                                           7,570                    6,661
 Lease liabilities (note 27)                                                                        8,535                    8,003
 Deferred income tax liabilities (note 6)                                                             957                     1,132
 Other liabilities (notes 21)                                                                         649                      594
 Total liabilities                                                                   $             29,614      $            27,360
 Equity
 Share capital (note 22)                                                             $              6,196      $               6,477
 Retained earnings                                                                                  4,748                      4,816
 Contributed surplus (note 25)                                                                         115                        136
 Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                 32                         35
 Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                            $             11,091      $              11,464
 Non-controlling interests                                                                            175                         155
 Total equity                                                                        $             11,266      $               11,619
 Total liabilities and equity                                                        $            40,880       $             38,979

Contingent Liabilities (note 30).
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                   2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   77
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                      2024            2023
 Operating activities
  Net earnings                                                                   $   2,275      $    2,187
  Add (deduct):
   Income taxes (note 6)                                                               806             714
     Net interest expense and other financing charges (note 5)                          821           803
     Adjustments to investment properties (note 12 and 14)                               27               9
     Depreciation and amortization                                                   2,966          2,906
     Asset impairments, net of recoveries (note 13 and 27)                               32             17
     Change in allowance for credit card receivables (note 10)                            7            50
     Change in provisions (note 19)                                                     149             19
     Change in non-cash working capital (note 8)                                         84              (9)
     Change in gross credit card receivables (note 10)                                 (105)         (228)
     Income taxes paid                                                               (1,143)          (917)
     Interest received                                                                   25             24
     Other                                                                             (142)            79
 Cash flows from operating activities                                            $   5,802      $   5,654
 Investing activities
   Fixed asset purchases (note 13)                                               $   (1,823)    $   (1,665)
   Intangible asset additions (note 15)                                                (377)          (407)
   Purchase of short term investments                                                   (184)          (138)
   Proceeds from disposal of assets (note 13 and 27)                                    363             321
   Lease payments received from finance leases                                            13              17
   Disposal of long term securities (note 17)                                             81             45
   Other                                                                                 (94)            (18)
 Cash flows used in investing activities                                         $   (2,021)    $   (1,845)
 Financing activities
   (Decrease) increase in bank indebtedness (note 31)                            $       (13)   $          5
   (Decrease) increase in short term debt (note 10)                                     (50)            150
   Increase in demand deposits from customers                                           187               41
   Long term debt (note 20)
       Issued (net)                                                                   1,557            833
       Repayments                                                                    (1,202)          (762)
   Interest paid                                                                       (443)           (421)
   Cash rent paid on lease liabilities - Interest (note 5 and 27)                       (415)         (370)
   Cash rent paid on lease liabilities - Principal (note 27)                         (1,086)         (1,071)
  Dividends paid on common and preferred shares (note 22)                              (459)          (562)
  Common share capital
      Issued (note 25)                                                                   147               61
      Purchased and held in trust (note 22)                                              (72)             (72)
      Purchased and cancelled (note 22)                                              (1,754)         (1,729)
  Proceeds from financial liabilities (note 27)                                            —              115
  Other                                                                                 (213)           (150)
 Cash flows used in financing activities                                         $   (3,816)    $   (3,932)
 Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   $         9    $           3
 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                           $       (26)   $       (120)
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                         1,488           1,608
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                          $    1,462     $     1,488

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.




78 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)

Note 1. Nature and Description of the Reporting Entity

Loblaw Companies Limited is a Canadian public company incorporated in 1956 and is Canada's food and pharmacy
leader, and the nation's largest retailer. Loblaw Companies Limited provides Canadians with grocery, pharmacy and
healthcare services, health and beauty products, apparel, general merchandise, financial services, and wireless
mobile products and services. Its registered office is located at 22 St. Clair Avenue East, Toronto, Canada M4T 2S5.
Loblaw Companies Limited and its subsidiaries are together referred to, in these consolidated financial statements,
as the “Company” or “Loblaw”.

The Company’s controlling shareholder is George Weston Limited (“Weston”), which owns approximately 52.6% of
the Company’s outstanding common shares. The Company’s ultimate parent is Wittington Investments, Limited
(“Wittington”). The remaining common shares are widely held.

The Company has two reportable operating segments: Retail and Financial Services (see note 33).

Note 2. Accounting Policies

Statement of Compliance The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS
Accounting Standards” or “GAAP”) and using the accounting policies described herein.

These consolidated financial statements were approved for issuance by the Company’s Board of Directors
(“Board”) on February 19, 2025.

Basis of Presentation The material accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently in the
preparation of the consolidated financial statements for all years presented.

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars.

Certain comparative amounts have been restated to conform with current year presentation (see note 32).

Fiscal Year The fiscal year of the Company ends on the Saturday closest to December 31. Under an accounting
convention common in the retail industry, the Company follows a 52-week reporting cycle, which periodically
necessitates a fiscal year of 53 weeks. The years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 both
contained 52 weeks.

Basis of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and other
entities that the Company controls. Control exists when the Company has the existing rights that give it the current
ability to direct the activities that significantly affect the entities’ returns. The Company assesses control on an
ongoing basis.

Structured entities are entities controlled by the Company which were designed so that voting or similar rights are
not the dominant factor in deciding who controls the entity. Structured entities are consolidated if, based on an
evaluation of the substance of its relationship with the Company, the Company concludes that it controls the
structured entity. Structured entities controlled by the Company were established under terms that impose strict
limitations on the decision-making powers of the structured entities’ management and that results in the Company
receiving the majority of the benefits related to the structured entities’ operations and net assets, being exposed to
the majority of risks incident to the structured entities’ activities, and retaining the majority of the residual or
ownership risks related to the structured entities or their assets.

Transactions and balances between the Company and its consolidated entities have been eliminated on
consolidation.

Non-controlling interests are recorded in the consolidated financial statements and represent the non-controlling
shareholders’ equity in an entity consolidated by the Company for which the Company’s ownership is less than
100%. Transactions with non-controlling interests are treated as transactions with equity owners of the Company.
Changes in the Company’s ownership interest in its subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions.




                                                                  2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   79
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Loblaw consolidates the Associates as well as the franchisees of its food retail stores that are subject to a simplified
 franchise agreement implemented in 2015. An “Associate” is a pharmacist-owner of a corporation that is licensed to
 operate a retail drug store at a specific location using the Company’s trademarks. The consolidation of Associates
 and franchisees is based on the concept of control, for accounting purposes, which was determined to exist
 through the agreements that govern the relationships between the Company and the Associates and franchisees.
 Loblaw does not have any direct or indirect shareholdings in the corporations that operate the Associates.
 Associate interest reflects the investment the Associates have in the net assets of their businesses. Under the
 terms of the Associate Agreements, Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. (or an affiliate thereof) agrees to purchase the assets
 that the Associates use in store operations, primarily at the carrying value to the Associate, when Associate
 Agreements are terminated by either party. The Associates’ corporations and the franchisees remain separate legal
 entities.

 Business Combinations Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method as of the date
 when control is transferred to the Company. The Company measures goodwill as the excess of the sum of the fair
 value of the consideration transferred over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, all
 measured as at the acquisition date. Transaction costs that the Company incurs in connection with a business
 combination, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, are expensed as incurred.

 Net Earnings per Common Share Basic net earnings per common share (“EPS”) is calculated by dividing the net
 earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
 during the period. Diluted EPS is calculated by adjusting the net earnings available to common shareholders and
 the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive instruments.

 Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when control of the goods or services has been
 transferred. Revenue is measured at the amount of consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to.

 Retail Retail segment revenue includes the sale of goods and services to customers through corporate, franchise-
 owned retail food and Associate-owned drug stores, which includes in-store pharmacies, health care services and
 other health and beauty products, apparel and other general merchandise. Revenue is measured at the amount of
 consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to, net of estimated returns and sales incentives. The
 Company recognizes revenue made through corporate, franchise and Associate stores at the time the point of sale
 is made or when service is delivered to the customers. The Company recognizes revenue made through
 independent wholesale customers at the time of delivery of inventory.

 For certain sale of goods in which the Company earns commissions, including but not limited to lottery and third
 party gift cards, the Company records net revenue as an agent on the basis that the Company does not control
 pricing or bear inventory risk.

 Financial Services Financial Services revenue includes interest income on credit card loans, credit card
 membership fees and service fees, commissions, and other revenue related to financial services. Interest income is
 recognized using the effective interest method. Credit card membership fees and service fees are recognized
 when services are rendered. Commission revenue is recorded on a net basis. Other revenue is recognized
 periodically or according to contractual provisions.

 Income Taxes Current and deferred taxes are recognized in the consolidated statement of earnings, except for
 current and deferred taxes related to a business combination, or amounts charged directly to equity or other
 comprehensive income, which are recognized in the consolidated balance sheet.

 Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the period, using tax rates
 enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous
 years.

 Deferred tax is recognized using the asset and liability method of accounting on temporary differences arising
 between the financial statement carrying values of existing assets and liabilities and their respective income tax
 bases. Deferred tax is measured using enacted or substantively enacted income tax rates expected to apply in the
 years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. A deferred tax asset is
 recognized for temporary differences as well as unused tax losses and credits to the extent that it is probable that
 future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each
 reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be
 realized.




80 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and
assets and they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the same taxable entity, or on
different taxable entities where the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

Deferred tax is recorded on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, except where the timing
of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Company and it is probable that the temporary
difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

In 2023, the Company adopted the amendments to International Accounting Standard 12, “Income Taxes” (“IAS
12”), issued in May 2023, introducing a mandatory temporary exception to the requirements of IAS 12 under which
a Company does not recognize or disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the
proposed Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Pillar Two model rules (“Pillar Two”).
The Company applied the temporary exception as of December 28, 2024 as disclosed in note 6 below.
Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid marketable investments such as government treasury
bills and bankers’ acceptances with an original maturity date of 90 days or less from the date of acquisition. Credit
card and debit card transactions that typically process in three days or less are also classified as cash equivalents.
Short Term Investments Short term investments are investments in highly liquid and rated certificates of deposit,
commercial paper or other securities, primarily Canadian and United States government securities and notes of
other creditworthy parties, with an original term to maturity of more than 90 days and remaining term to maturity of
less than one year from the date of acquisition.

Credit Card Receivables The Company, through President’s Choice Bank (“PC Bank”), a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company, has credit card receivables that are stated net of an allowance. Interest income is recorded in
revenue and interest expense is recorded in net interest expense and other financing charges using the effective
interest method. The effective interest rate is the rate that discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the
expected life of the credit card receivable (or, where appropriate, a shorter period) to the carrying amount. When
calculating the effective interest rate, the Company estimates future cash flows considering all contractual terms of
the financial instrument, but not future credit losses. For credit-impaired credit card receivables, a credit-adjusted
effective interest rate is calculated using estimated future cash flows including expected credit losses.

The Company applies the expected credit loss (“ECL”) model to assess impairment on its credit card receivables at
each balance sheet date. Credit card receivables are assessed collectively for impairment by applying the three-
stage approach. Refer to the Impairment of Financial Assets policy for details of each stage. The application of the
ECL model requires PC Bank to apply significant judgments, assumptions and estimations (see note 3 “Impairment
of Credit Card Receivables”).

Impairment losses and reversals are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) in the
consolidated statements of earnings with the carrying amount of the credit card receivables adjusted through the
use of allowance accounts.

The Company, through PC Bank, participates in various securitization programs that provide the primary source of
funds for the operation of its credit card business. PC Bank maintains and monitors co-ownership interest in credit
card receivables with independent securitization trusts, in accordance with its financing requirements. PC Bank is
required to absorb a portion of the related credit losses. As a result, Loblaw has not transferred all of the risks and
rewards related to these assets and continues to recognize these assets in credit card receivables. The transferred
receivables are accounted for as financing transactions. The associated liabilities secured by these assets are
included in either short term debt or long term debt based on their characteristics and are carried at amortized
cost. Loblaw provides a standby letter of credit for the benefit of the independent securitization trusts.

Eagle Credit Card Trust PC Bank participates in a single seller revolving co-ownership securitization program with
Eagle Credit Card Trust (“Eagle”) and continues to service the credit card receivables on behalf of Eagle, but does
not receive any fee for its servicing obligations and has a retained interest in the securitized receivables
represented by the right to future cash flows after obligations to investors have been met. The Company
consolidates Eagle as a structured entity.




                                                              2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   81
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Other Independent Securitization Trusts The Other Independent Securitization Trusts administer multi-seller,
 multi-asset securitization programs that acquire assets from various participants, including credit card receivables
 from PC Bank. These trusts are managed by major Canadian chartered banks. PC Bank does not control the trusts
 through voting interests and does not exercise any control over the trusts’ management, administration or assets.
 The activities of these trusts are conducted on behalf of the participants and each trust is a conduit through which
 funds are raised to purchase assets through the issuance of senior and subordinated short term and medium term
 asset backed notes. These trusts are unconsolidated structured entities.

 Inventories The Company values inventories at the lower of cost and net realizable value.

 Cost includes the costs of purchases net of vendor allowances plus other costs, such as transportation, that are
 directly incurred to bring inventories to their present location and condition. The cost of inventories are measured
 at weighted average cost.

 The Company estimates net realizable value as the amount that inventories are expected to be sold taking into
 consideration fluctuations in retail prices due to seasonality less estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
 Inventories are written down to net realizable value when the cost of inventories is estimated to be unrecoverable
 due to obsolescence, damage or declining selling prices. When circumstances that previously caused inventories
 to be written down below cost no longer exist or when there is clear evidence of an increase in selling prices, the
 amount of the write-down previously recorded is reversed. Storage costs, indirect administrative overhead and
 certain selling costs related to inventories are expensed in the period that these costs are incurred.

 Vendor Allowances The Company receives allowances from certain of its vendors whose products it purchases.
 These allowances are received for a variety of buying and/or merchandising activities, including vendor programs
 such as volume purchase allowances, purchase discounts, listing fees and exclusivity allowances. Allowances
 received from a vendor are a reduction in the cost of the vendor’s products and services, and are recognized as a
 reduction in the cost of sales and the related inventory in the consolidated statement of earnings and the
 consolidated balance sheet, respectively, when it is probable that they will be received and the amount of the
 allowance can be reliably estimated. Amounts received but not yet earned are presented in other liabilities as
 deferred vendor allowances.

 Certain exceptions apply if the consideration is a payment for goods or services delivered to the vendor or for
 direct reimbursement of selling costs incurred to promote goods. The consideration is then recognized as a
 reduction of the cost incurred in the consolidated statements of earnings.

 Assets Held for Sale Non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as assets held for sale if their carrying
 amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. Assets
 classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell and are
 not depreciated. The fair value measurement of assets held for sale is categorized within Level 2 of the fair value
 hierarchy. Assets that were previously classified as investment properties are measured using the fair value model
 consistent with properties classified as investment properties.




82 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Fixed Assets Fixed assets are recognized and subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and
any net accumulated impairment losses.

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of fixed assets that necessarily
take a substantial period of time to prepare for their intended use and a proportionate share of general borrowings,
are capitalized to the cost of those fixed assets, based on a quarterly weighted average cost of borrowing. All other
borrowing costs are expensed as incurred and recognized in net interest expense and other financing charges.

Gains and losses on disposal of fixed assets are determined by comparing the fair value of proceeds from disposal
with the net book value of the assets and are recognized net, in operating income. For transactions in which the
sale of a fixed asset satisfies the requirements of IFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (“IFRS 15”),
and the asset is leased back by the Company, the Company recognizes, in operating income, only the amount of
gains or losses that relate to the rights transferred to the purchaser.

Fixed assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives to their estimated residual
value when the assets are available for use. When significant parts of a fixed asset have different useful lives, they
are accounted for as separate components and depreciated separately. Estimated useful lives are as follows:

Buildings                                                                                                            10 to 40 years
Equipment and fixtures                                                                                                2 to 20 years
Building improvements                                                                                                up to 10 years
Leasehold improvements                                                  Lesser of term of the lease and useful life up to 25 years(i)
(i) If it is reasonably certain that the Company will obtain ownership of the leased asset by the end of the lease term, the associated leasehold
    improvements are depreciated over the useful life of the asset on the same basis as owned assets.

Fixed assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment.
Refer to the Impairment of Non-Financial Assets policy.

Leases

As a Lessee At inception of a contract, the Company determines whether a contract is or contains a lease. When
a contract contains both lease and non-lease components, the Company will allocate the consideration in the
contract to each of the components on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the
aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components. Relative stand-alone prices are determined by
maximizing the most observable supplier prices for a similar asset and/or service.

The Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability based on the present value of future lease
payments when the leased asset is available for use by the Company. Lease payments for assets that are exempt
through the short-term exemption and variable payments not based on an index or rate are recognized in cost of
sales and SG&A expenses on the most systematic basis.

The measurement of lease liabilities includes the fixed and in-substance fixed payments and variable lease
payments that depend on an index or a rate, less any lease incentives receivable. If applicable, lease liabilities
will also include a purchase option exercise price if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option,
termination penalties if the lease term also reflects the termination option and amounts expected to be payable
under a residual value guarantee. Subsequent to initial measurement, the Company measures lease liabilities at
amortized cost using the effective interest method. Lease liabilities are remeasured when there is a change in
management’s assessment of whether it will exercise a renewal or termination option or a change in future lease
payments due to a change in index or rate. Right-of-use assets are adjusted by the same remeasurement
amount.

Right-of-use assets are measured at the initial amount of the lease liabilities plus any initial direct costs, lease
payments made at or before the commencement date net of lease incentives received, and decommissioning
costs. Subsequent to initial measurement, the Company applies the cost model with the exception of the fair
value model application to right-of-use assets that meet the definition of investment properties. Right-of-use
assets are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation, net accumulated impairment losses, and any
remeasurements of lease liabilities. The assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the earlier of the
assets’ useful lives or the end of the lease terms. Right-of-use assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. Refer to the Impairment of Non-Financial Assets policy.



                                                                       2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited          83
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Discount rates used in the present value calculation are the interest rates implicit in the leases, or if the rates
 cannot be readily determined, the Company's incremental borrowing rates. Lease terms applied are the
 contractual non-cancellable periods of the leases plus periods covered by an option to renew the leases if the
 Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option and the periods covered by an option to terminate the
 leases if the Company is reasonably certain not to exercise that option.

 For sale and leaseback transactions, the Company applies the requirements of IFRS 15 to determine whether the
 transfer of the asset should be accounted for as a sale. If the transfer of the asset is a sale in accordance with
 IFRS 15, the Company will measure the right-of-use asset arising from the leaseback at the proportion of the
 previous carrying amount of the asset that relates to the right of use retained by the Company. If the transfer of the
 asset is not a sale in accordance with IFRS 15, the Company will continue to account for the asset under IAS 16,
 “Property, Plant and Equipment” and recognize the proceeds received as financial liabilities.

 Investment Properties Investment properties are properties owned by the Company that are held to either earn
 rental income, for capital appreciation, or both. The Company’s investment properties include single tenant
 properties held to earn rental income and certain multiple tenant properties. Land and buildings leased to
 franchisees are not accounted for as investment properties as these properties are related to the Company’s
 operating activities.

 Investment property assets are measured using the fair value model. Under the fair value model, investment
 properties are initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at fair value. Gains and losses arising from
 changes in the fair value are recognized in operating income in the period in which they arise. Gains and losses
 from disposal of investment properties are determined by comparing the fair value of disposal proceeds and the
 carrying amount and are recognized in operating income.

 When a property changes from own use to investment property, the property is remeasured to fair value. Any gain
 arising from the remeasurement is recognized in operating income to the extent that it reverses a previous
 impairment loss on that property, with any remaining gain recognized in other comprehensive income. Any loss on
 remeasurement is recognized in operating income. All subsequent changes in fair value of the property are
 recognized in operating income. Upon sale of an investment property that was previously classified as fixed assets,
 amounts included in the revaluation reserve are transferred to retained earnings.

 When an investment property carried at fair value changes to own use, the property is recognized in fixed assets at
 the fair value at the date of change in use. The property is subsequently accounted for under the accounting policy
 for fixed assets.

 Goodwill Goodwill arising in a business combination is recognized as an asset at the date that control is acquired.
 Goodwill is subsequently measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is not amortized but is
 tested for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if there are indicators that goodwill may be impaired as
 described in the Impairment of Non-Financial Assets policy.

 Intangible Assets Intangible assets with finite lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any
 accumulated impairment losses. These intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated
 useful lives and are tested for impairment as described in the Impairment of Non-Financial Assets policy. Useful
 lives, residual values and amortization methods for intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed at least
 annually. Amortization expense for intangible assets is recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses.
 Estimated useful lives are as follows:

 Software                                                                                                 3 to 10 years
 Prescription files                                                                                        7 to 8 years
 Loyalty program                                                                                               18 years
 Customer relationships                                                                                   5 to 20 years

 Indefinite life intangible assets are measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. These intangible
 assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if there are indicators that intangible assets
 may be impaired as described in the Impairment of Non-Financial Assets policy.




84 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Impairment of Non-Financial Assets At each balance sheet date, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its
non-financial assets at the cash generating unit (“CGU”) level, other than inventories, deferred tax assets and
investment properties, to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the
asset is then tested for impairment by comparing its recoverable amount to its carrying value. Goodwill and
indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually.

For the purpose of impairment testing, assets, including right-of-use assets, are grouped together into the smallest
group of assets that generate cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets. This grouping is referred to as a CGU. The Company has determined that each
retail location is a separate CGU for purposes of impairment testing.

Goodwill arising from a business combination is tested for impairment at the minimum grouping of CGUs that are
expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination from which the goodwill arose.

The recoverable amount of a CGU or CGU grouping is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs to
sell. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows from the CGU or CGU grouping discounted to their
present value using a pre-tax discount rate in a discounted cash flow model that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU or CGU grouping. If the CGU or CGU
grouping includes right-of-use assets in its carrying amount, the pre-tax discount rate reflects the risks associated
with the exclusion of lease payments from the estimated future cash flows. The fair value less costs to sell reflects
the amount that could be obtained from the disposal of the CGU or CGU grouping in an arm’s length transaction
between knowledgeable and willing parties, net of estimates of the costs of disposal.

An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of a CGU or CGU grouping exceeds its recoverable
amount. For asset impairments other than goodwill, the impairment loss reduces the carrying amounts of the non-
financial assets in the CGU on a pro-rata basis, up to an asset’s individual recoverable amount. Any loss identified
from goodwill impairment testing is first applied to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the CGU
grouping, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other non-financial assets in the CGU or CGU grouping
on a pro-rata basis.

For assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount
does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no
impairment loss had been recognized. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

Impairment losses and reversals are recognized in SG&A.

Customer Loyalty Awards Program The Company defers revenue at the time the award is earned by loyalty
program members (“members”) based on the relative fair value of the award. The relative fair value is determined
by allocating consideration between the fair value of the loyalty awards earned by members, net of breakage, and
the goods and services on which the awards were earned, based on their relative stand-alone selling price. The
estimated fair value per point for the PC Optimum™ loyalty program is determined based on the program reward
schedule and is $1 for every 1,000 points earned. The breakage rate of the program is an estimate of the amount of
points that will never be redeemed. The rate is reviewed on an ongoing basis and is estimated utilizing historical
redemption activity and anticipated earn and redeem behaviour of members. The majority of the Company’s loyalty
liability, a contract liability, is expected to be redeemed and recognized as revenue within one year of issuance.
Financial Instruments and Derivative Financial Instruments Financial assets and liabilities are recognized when
the Company becomes party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. Upon initial recognition,
financial instruments, including derivatives and embedded derivatives in certain contracts, are measured at fair
value plus or minus transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial instruments
that are not classified as fair value through profit or loss.

Fair values are based on quoted market prices where available from active markets, otherwise fair values are
estimated using valuation methodologies, primarily discounted cash flows taking into account external market
inputs where possible. The amortized cost of a financial asset or liability is the amount at which the financial asset
or liability is measured at initial recognition, minus principal payments, plus or minus the cumulative amortization
using the effective interest method of any difference between the initial amount recognized and the maturity
amount, minus any reduction for impairment.




                                                           2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   85
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 The following table summarizes the classification and measurement of the Company’s financial assets and
 liabilities:

 Asset / Liability                             Classification / Measurement
 Cash and cash equivalents                     Amortized cost
 Short term investments                        Amortized cost
 Accounts receivable                           Amortized cost
 Credit card receivables                       Amortized cost
 Certain other assets                          Amortized cost / fair value through profit and loss
 Long term securities                          Fair value through other comprehensive income
 Bank indebtedness                             Amortized cost
 Trade payables and other liabilities          Amortized cost
 Demand deposits from customers                Amortized cost
 Short term debt                               Amortized cost
 Long term debt                                Amortized cost
 Associate interest                            Amortized cost
 Certain other liabilities                     Amortized cost
 Derivatives                                   Fair value through profit and loss / fair value through other
                                               comprehensive income

 Financial derivative instruments in the form of forwards and futures, as well as non-financial derivatives in the form
 of futures contracts, options contracts and forward contracts, are recorded at fair value on the consolidated
 balance sheet. The Company does not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes. Embedded derivatives
 are separated from the host contract and accounted for separately on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value
 if the host contract is not a financial asset. Derivative instruments are recorded in current or non-current assets and
 liabilities based on their remaining terms to maturity. All changes in fair values of the derivative instruments are
 recorded in net earnings unless the derivative qualifies and is effective as a hedging item in a designated hedging
 relationship.

 The Company has cash flow hedges which are used to manage exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency
 exchange and interest rates. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the hedging item is recorded in
 other comprehensive income. If the change in fair value of the hedging item is not completely offset by the change
 in fair value of the hedged item, the ineffective portion of the hedging relationship is recorded in net earnings.
 Amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to net earnings when the hedged item is
 recognized in net earnings. The Company ensures that the hedge accounting relationships are aligned with the
 Company’s risk management objectives and strategy and applies a more qualitative and forward-looking approach
 to assessing hedge effectiveness. The Company’s risk management strategy and hedging activities are disclosed
 in note 28 “Financial Instruments” and note 29 “Financial Risk Management”.

 Gains and losses on financial assets and financial liabilities classified as fair value through profit and loss (“FVTPL”)
 are recognized in net earnings in the period in which they are incurred. Settlement date accounting is used to
 account for the purchase and sale of financial assets. Gains or losses between the trade date and settlement date
 on FVTPL financial assets are recorded in net earnings.




86 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Valuation Process The determination of the fair value of financial instruments is performed by the Company’s
treasury and financial reporting departments on a quarterly basis. There was no change in the valuation techniques
applied to financial instruments during the current year. The following table describes the valuation techniques
used in the determination of the fair values of financial instruments:

Type                                                        Valuation Approach

Cash and cash equivalents, short term investments,          The carrying amount approximates fair value due to the
accounts receivable, credit card receivables, bank          short term maturity of these instruments.
indebtedness, trade payables and other liabilities,
demand deposits from customers and short term debt
Derivatives                                                 Specific valuation techniques used to value derivative
                                                            financial instruments include:
                                                              •
                                                                Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar
                                                                instruments; and
                                                              •
                                                                The fair values of other derivative instruments are
                                                                determined based on observable market information
                                                                as well as valuations determined by external
                                                                valuators with experience in financial markets.
Long term debt and certain other financial instruments      The fair value is based on the present value of
                                                            contractual cash flows, discounted at the Company’s
                                                            current incremental borrowing rate for similar types of
                                                            borrowing arrangements or, where applicable, quoted
                                                            market prices.

Impairment of Financial Assets The Company applies a forward-looking ECL model at each balance sheet date to
financial assets measured at amortized cost or those measured at fair value through other comprehensive income,
except for investments in equity instruments.

The ECL model applied to financial assets requires judgment, assumptions and estimations on changes in credit
risks, forecasts of future economic conditions and historical information on the credit quality of the financial asset.
Consideration of how changes in economic factors affect ECLs are determined on a probability-weighted basis.

Impairment losses and reversals are recorded in SG&A with the carrying amount of the financial asset or group of
financial assets adjusted through the use of allowance accounts.

Foreign Currency Translation The functional currency of the Company is the Canadian dollar.

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the foreign currency exchange
rates that approximate the rates in effect at the dates when such items are transacted. Monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate at the
balance sheet date. Non-monetary items that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences are recognized in
operating income.

The assets and liabilities of foreign operations that have a functional currency different from that of the Company,
including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition, are translated into the functional currency at
the foreign currency exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses of foreign
operations are translated into Canadian dollars at the foreign currency exchange rates that approximate the rates
in effect at the dates when such items are transacted. The resulting foreign currency exchange gains or losses are
recognized in the foreign currency translation adjustment as part of other comprehensive income. When such
foreign operation is disposed of, the related foreign currency translation reserve is recognized in net earnings as
part of the gain or loss on disposal. On the partial disposal of such foreign operation, the relevant proportion is
reclassified to net earnings.




                                                           2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   87
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Defined Benefit Post-Employment Plans The Company has a number of contributory and non-contributory defined
 benefit post-employment plans providing pension and other benefits to eligible employees. The defined benefit
 pension plans provide a pension based on length of service and eligible pay. The other defined benefits include
 health care, life insurance and dental benefits provided to eligible employees who retire at certain ages having met
 certain service requirements. The Company’s net defined benefit plan obligations (assets) for each plan are
 actuarially calculated by a qualified actuary at the end of each annual reporting period using the projected unit
 credit method pro-rated based on service and management’s best estimate of the discount rate, the rate of
 compensation increase, retirement rates, termination rates, mortality rates and expected growth rate of health care
 costs. The discount rate used to value the defined benefit plan obligation is based on high quality corporate bonds
 denominated in the same currency with cash flows that match the terms of the defined benefit plan obligations.
 Past service costs (credits) arising from plan amendments are recognized in operating income in the year that they
 arise. The actuarially determined net interest costs on the net defined benefit plan obligation are recognized in net
 interest expense and other financing charges.

 The fair values of plan assets are deducted from the defined benefit plan obligations to arrive at the net defined
 benefit plan obligations (assets). For plans that result in a net defined benefit asset, the recognized asset is limited
 to the present value of economic benefits available in the form of future refunds from the plan or reductions in
 future contributions to the plan (“asset ceiling”). If it is anticipated that the Company will not be able to recover the
 value of the net defined benefit asset, after considering minimum funding requirements, the net defined benefit
 asset is reduced to the amount of the asset ceiling. When the payment in the future of minimum funding
 requirements related to past service would result in a net defined benefit surplus or an increase in a surplus, the
 minimum funding requirements are recognized as a liability to the extent that the surplus would not be fully
 available as a refund or a reduction in future contributions.

 Remeasurements including actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the impact of
 any minimum funding requirements are recognized through other comprehensive income and subsequently
 reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings.

 The Company also participates in pension plans with Weston. The Company has established a stated policy to
 allocate the net defined benefit cost to the Company and Weston based on the obligation attributable to plan
 participants, provided by a third-party actuary. Both the service cost and contribution to be paid are determined
 based on the actuarial valuation.

 Other Long Term Employee Benefit Plans The Company offers other long term employee benefits including
 contributory long term disability benefits and non-contributory continuation of health care and dental benefits to
 employees who are on long term disability leave. As the amount of the long term disability benefit does not depend
 on length of service, the obligation is recognized when an event occurs that gives rise to an obligation to make
 payments. The accounting for other long term employee benefit plans is similar to the method used for defined
 benefit plans except that all actuarial gains and losses are recognized in operating income.

 Defined Contribution Plans The Company maintains a number of defined contribution pension plans for
 employees in which the Company pays fixed contributions for eligible employees into a registered plan and has no
 further significant obligation to pay any further amounts. The costs of benefits for defined contribution plans are
 expensed as employees have rendered service.

 Multi-Employer Pension Plans The Company participates in multi-employer pension plans (“MEPPs”) which are
 accounted for as defined contribution plans. The Company’s responsibility to make contributions to these plans is
 limited to amounts established pursuant to its collective agreements. Defined benefit MEPPs are accounted for as
 defined contribution plans as adequate information to account for the Company’s participation in the plans is not
 available due to the size and number of contributing employers in the plans. The contributions made by the
 Company to MEPPs are expensed as contributions are due.




88 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Equity-Settled Equity-Based Compensation Plans Stock options, Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”), Performance
Share Units (“PSUs”), Director Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”) and Executive Deferred Share Units (“EDSUs”) issued
by the Company are substantially all settled in common shares and are accounted for as equity-settled awards.

Stock options outstanding have a seven year term to expiry, vest 20% cumulatively on each anniversary date of the
grant and are exercisable at the designated common share price, which is based on the greater of the volume
weighted average trading price of the Company’s common share for either the five trading days prior to the date of
grant or the trading day immediately preceding the grant date. The fair value of each tranche of options granted is
measured separately at the grant date using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, and includes the following
assumptions:
• The expected dividend yield is estimated based on the expected annual dividend prior to the option grant date
   and the closing share price as at the option grant date;
• The expected share price volatility is estimated based on the Company’s historical volatility over a period
   consistent with the expected life of the options;
• The risk-free interest rate is estimated based on the Government of Canada bond yield in effect at the grant
   date for a term to maturity equal to the expected life of the options; and
• The effect of expected exercise of options prior to expiry is incorporated into the weighted average expected
   life of the options, which is based on historical experience and general option holder behaviour.
RSUs and PSUs vest after the end of a three year performance period. The number of PSUs that vest is based on
the achievement of specified performance measures. The fair value of each RSU and PSU granted is measured
separately at the grant date based on the market value of a Loblaw common share. Dividends paid may be
reinvested in RSUs and PSUs and are treated as capital transactions.

The Company established a trust for each of the RSU and PSU plans to facilitate the purchase of shares for future
settlement upon vesting. The Company is the sponsor of the respective trusts and has assigned Computershare
Trust Company of Canada as the trustee. The trusts are considered structured entities and are consolidated in the
Company’s financial statements with the cost of the acquired shares recorded at book value as a reduction to
share capital. Any premium on the acquisition of the shares above book value is applied to retained earnings until
the shares are issued to settle RSU and PSU plan obligations.

Members of the Board, who are not management of the Company, may elect to receive a portion of their annual
retainers and fees in the form of DSUs. Eligible executives of the Company may elect to defer up to 100% of the
Short Term Incentive Plan earned in any year into the EDSU plan. Dividends paid earn fractional DSUs and EDSUs,
respectively and are treated as capital transactions. DSUs and EDSUs vest upon grant.

The compensation expense for equity-settled plans is prorated over the vesting or performance period, with a
corresponding increase to contributed surplus. Forfeitures are estimated at the grant date and are revised to reflect
changes in expected or actual forfeitures.

Upon exercise of options, the amount accumulated in contributed surplus for the award plus the cash received
upon exercise is recognized as an increase in share capital. Upon settlement of RSUs and PSUs, the amount
accumulated in contributed surplus for the award is reclassified to share capital, with any premium or discount
applied to retained earnings.

Employee Share Ownership Plan The Company’s contributions to the Employee Share Ownership Plan (“ESOP”)
are measured at cost and recorded as compensation expense in operating income when the contribution is made.
The ESOP is administered through a trust which purchases the Company’s common shares on the open market on
behalf of its employees.

Adoption of Accounting Amendments

Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 In May 2023, amendments to IAS 7, “Statement of Cash Flows” and IFRS 7,
“Financial Instruments: Disclosures” (“IFRS 7”) were issued to enhance the transparency of supplier finance
arrangements. The amendments require further disclosure for supplier finance arrangements regarding the terms
and conditions, the range of payment due dates, and how they affect an entity’s cash flows, liabilities and exposure
to liquidity risk. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024.
The Company has included the required disclosure in note 18 below.




                                                         2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 3. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments

 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments
 in applying the Company’s accounting policies that affect the reported amounts and disclosures made in the
 consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.

 Within the context of these consolidated financial statements, a judgment is a decision made by management in
 respect of the application of an accounting policy, a recognized or unrecognized financial statement amount and/or
 note disclosure, following an analysis of relevant information that may include estimates and assumptions.
 Estimates and assumptions are used mainly in determining the measurement of balances recognized or disclosed
 in the consolidated financial statements and are based on a set of underlying data that may include management’s
 historical experience, knowledge of current events and conditions and other factors that are believed to be
 reasonable under the circumstances. Management continually evaluates the estimates and judgments it uses.

 The following are the accounting policies subject to judgments and key estimation uncertainty that the Company
 believes could have the most significant impact on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial
 statements. The Company’s accounting policies are disclosed in note 2.

 Consolidation

 Judgments Made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied The Company uses judgment in determining the
 entities that it controls and therefore consolidates. The Company controls an entity when the Company has the
 existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the activities that significantly affect the entity’s returns. The
 Company consolidates all of its wholly owned subsidiaries. Judgment is applied in determining whether the
 Company controls the entities in which it does not have ownership rights or does not have full ownership rights.
 Most often, judgment involves reviewing contractual rights to determine if rights are participating (giving power
 over the entity) or protective rights (protecting the Company’s interest without giving it power).

 Inventories

 Key Estimations Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realizable value which requires the Company
 to utilize estimates related to fluctuations in shrink, future retail prices, the impact of vendor rebates on cost,
 seasonality and costs necessary to sell the inventory.

 Impairment of Non-Financial Assets (Goodwill, Intangible Assets, Fixed Assets and Right-of-Use Assets)

 Judgments Made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied The Company uses judgment in determining CGUs
 for the purpose of testing fixed assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets for impairment. Judgment is also
 used to determine the goodwill CGUs for the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment. The Company has
 determined that each retail location is a separate CGU. Intangible assets are allocated to the CGUs (or groups of
 CGUs) to which they relate. Goodwill is allocated to CGUs (or groups of CGUs) based on the level at which
 management monitors goodwill, which cannot be higher than an operating segment. The allocation of goodwill is
 made to CGUs (or groups of CGUs) that are expected to benefit from the synergies and future growth of the
 business combination from which they arose. In addition, judgment is used to determine whether a triggering event
 has occurred requiring an impairment test to be completed. In applying this judgment management considers
 profitability of the CGU and other qualitative factors.

 Key Estimations In determining the recoverable amount of a CGU or a group of CGUs, various estimates are
 employed. The Company determines fair value less costs to sell using such estimates as market rental rates for
 comparable properties, discount rates and capitalization rates. The Company determines value in use by using
 estimates including projected future sales and earnings, and discount rates consistent with external industry
 information reflecting the risk associated with the specific cash flows.




90 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Impairment of Credit Card Receivables

Judgments Made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied and Key Estimations In each stage of the ECL
model, impairment is determined based on the probability of default, loss given default, and expected exposures at
default on drawn and undrawn exposures on credit card receivables. The application of the ECL model requires
management to apply the following significant judgments, assumptions and estimations:
•   Movement of impairment measurement between the three stages of the ECL model, based on the assessment
    of the increase in credit risks on credit card receivables. The assessment of changes in credit risks includes
    qualitative and quantitative factors of the accounts, such as historical credit loss experience and external credit
    scores;
•   Thresholds for significant increase in credit risk based on changes in probability of default over the expected
    life of the instrument relative to initial recognition; and
•   Forecasts of future economic conditions, namely the unemployment rate. Management uses an average of
    unemployment rate forecasts published by major Canadian Chartered Banks and the Conference Board of
    Canada to establish the base case scenario and other representative ranges of possible forecast scenarios.
Customer Loyalty Awards Program

Key Estimations The Company defers revenue at the time the award is earned by members based on the relative
fair value of the award. The relative fair value is determined by allocating consideration between the fair value of
the loyalty awards earned by loyalty program members, net of breakage, and the goods and services on which the
awards were earned, based on their relative stand-alone selling price. The estimated fair value per point for the
PC Optimum loyalty program is determined based on the program reward schedule and is $1 for every 1,000 points
earned. The breakage rate of the program is an estimate of the amount of points that will never be redeemed. The
rate is reviewed on an ongoing basis and is estimated utilizing historical redemption activity and anticipated earn
and redeem behaviour of members. In 2024, the Company recorded a charge of $129 million, of which $99 million
was recorded in the Retail segment and $30 million was recorded in the Financial Services segment. This charge
represents the revaluation of the loyalty liability for outstanding points.

Income and Other Taxes

Judgments Made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied The calculation of current and deferred income
taxes requires management to make certain judgments including expectations about future operating results, the
timing and reversal of temporary differences, and the interpretation of tax rules in jurisdictions where the Company
performs activities. Where the amount of tax payable or recoverable is uncertain, the Company establishes
provisions based on the most likely amount of the liability or recovery.

Segment Information

Judgments Made in Relation to Determining the Aggregation of Operating Segments The Company uses
judgment in assessing the criteria used to determine the aggregation of operating segments. The Retail reportable
operating segment consists of several operating segments comprised primarily of food retail and Associate-owned
drug stores, and also includes in-store pharmacies and healthcare services and other health and beauty products,
apparel and other general merchandise. The Company has aggregated its retail operating segments on the basis
of their similar economic characteristics, customers and nature of products. This similarity in economic
characteristics reflects the fact that the Company’s retail operating segments operate primarily in Canada and are
therefore subject to the same economic market pressures and regulatory environment. The Company’s retail
operating segments are subject to similar competitive pressures such as price and product innovation and
assortment from existing competitors and new entrants into the marketplace. The similar economic characteristics
also include the provision of centralized, common functions such as marketing and information technology (“IT”)
across all retail operating segments.

The retail operating segments’ customer profile is primarily individuals who are purchasing goods for their own or
their family’s personal needs and consumption. The nature of products and the product assortment sold by each of
the retail operating segments is also similar and includes grocery, pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, electronics and
housewares. The aggregation of the retail operating segments reflects the nature and financial effects of the
business activities in which the Company engages and the economic environment in which it operates.




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Provisions
 Judgments made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied and Key Estimations The recording of provisions
 requires management to make certain judgments regarding whether there is a present legal or constructive
 obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Company will be required to settle the obligation and if
 a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made. The Company has recorded provisions primarily in
 respect of self-insurance and legal claims. The Company reviews the merits, risks and uncertainties of each
 provision, based on current information, and the amount expected to be required to settle the obligation. Provisions
 are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted accordingly when new facts and events become known to the
 Company.
 Leases
 Judgments Made in Relation to Accounting Policies Applied Management exercises judgment in determining
 the appropriate lease term on a lease by lease basis. Management considers all facts and circumstances that
 create an economic incentive to exercise a renewal option or to not exercise a termination option including
 investments in major leaseholds, store performances, past business practice and the length of time remaining
 before the option is exercisable. The periods covered by renewal options are only included in the lease term if
 management is reasonably certain to renew. Management considers reasonably certain to be a high threshold.
 Changes in the economic environment or changes in the retail industry may impact management’s assessment of
 lease terms, and any changes in management’s estimate of lease terms may have a material impact on the
 Company’s consolidated balance sheets and statements of earnings.
 Key Estimations In determining the carrying amount of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, the Company is
 required to estimate the incremental borrowing rate specific to each leased asset or portfolio of leased assets if
 the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determined. Management determines the incremental borrowing
 rate using a base risk-free interest rate estimated by reference to the Government of Canada bond yield with an
 adjustment that reflects the Company’s credit rating, the security, lease term and value of the underlying leased
 asset, and the economic environment in which the leased asset operates. The incremental borrowing rates are
 subject to change due to changes in the business and macroeconomic environment.

 Note 4. Future Accounting Standards and Amendments
 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 In May 2024, amendments to IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments” (“IFRS 9”) and
 IFRS 7, “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” (“IFRS 7”) were issued. The amendments clarify the timing of
 recognition and derecognition for a financial asset or financial liability, including clarifying that a financial liability is
 derecognized on the settlement date. In addition to these clarifications, the amendments introduce an accounting
 policy choice to derecognize financial liabilities settled using an electronic payment system before the settlement
 date, if specific conditions are met. Also included in the amendments, are clarifications regarding the classification
 of financial assets, including those with features linked to environmental, social and corporate governance. Under
 the amendments, additional disclosures are required for financial instruments with contingent features and
 investments in equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive income. These amendments
 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026. Early adoption is permitted, with an
 option to early adopt only the amendments to the classification of financial assets. The adoption is not expected to
 have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 In December 2024, amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 were issued to enhance
 the transparency of nature-dependent electricity contracts. The amendments allow a company to apply an own-use
 exemption to certain power purchase agreements if certain requirements are met. The amendments require further
 disclosure where an own-use exemption is applied regarding the contractual features exposing the company to
 variability in electricity volume and risk of oversupply, unrecognized contractual commitments and the effect of the
 contracts on an entity’s financial performance. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods
 beginning on or after January 1, 2026. The Company is currently assessing the impact of these amendments.
 IFRS 18, “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements” ("IFRS 18"), has been issued to achieve
 comparability of the financial performance of similar entities. The standard, which replaces IAS 1, “Presentation of
 Financial Statements”, impacts the presentation of primary financial statements and notes, mainly the income
 statement where companies will be required to present separate categories of income and expense for operating,
 investing, and financing activities with prescribed subtotals for each new category. IFRS 18 will require
 management-defined performance measures to be explained and included in a separate note within the
 consolidated financial statements. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after
 January 1, 2027, including interim financial statements, and requires retrospective application. The Company is
 currently assessing the impact of the new standard.


92 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Note 5. Net Interest Expense and Other Financing Charges

The components of net interest expense and other financing charges were as follows:

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                        2024                2023
 Interest expense and other financing charges
   Lease liabilities (note 27)                                                                                $         415       $         370
   Long term debt(i)                                                                                                    304                 321
      Borrowings related to credit card receivables                                                                      85                  82
      Post-employment and other long term employee benefits (note 24)(ii)                                                 5                  14
      Independent funding trusts                                                                                         35                  37
      Financial liabilities (note 27)                                                                                    14                  12
      Bank indebtedness                                                                                                   1                   1
                                                                                                              $         859       $         837
 Interest income
   Accretion income                                                                                           $           (2)     $            (3)
   Short term interest income                                                                                           (26)                  (31)
   Other interest income (note 30)                                                                                       (10)                  —
                                                                                                              $         (38)      $          (34)
 Net interest expense and other financing charges                                                             $         821       $         803


(i)  Included in 2024 are borrowing costs of $37 million, which were capitalized related to the construction of the Company’s automated
     distribution facility.
(ii) Includes $1 million net interest income (2023 – $8 million net interest expense) from post-employment benefits and $6 million net interest
     expense (2023 – $6 million) from other long term employee benefits.

Note 6. Income Taxes

The components of income taxes recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings were as follows:

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                        2024                2023
 Current income taxes
  Current period                                                                                              $       1,006       $       1,005
  Adjustments in respect of prior periods                                                                                 —                  (36)
                                                                                                              $       1,006       $         969
 Deferred income taxes
  Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                           $         (193)     $        (252)
  Adjustments in respect of prior periods                                                                                  (7)                (3)
                                                                                                              $        (200)      $        (255)
 Income taxes                                                                                                 $         806       $          714


Income tax expense recognized in other comprehensive income was as follows:

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                        2024                2023
 Net defined benefit plan actuarial gains (note 24)                                                           $          28       $           71
 Unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges (note 28)                                                                  (3)                  2
 Net income tax expense recognized in other comprehensive income                                              $          25       $           73




                                                                       2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited         93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 The effective tax rate in the consolidated statement of earnings was reported at rates different than the weighted
 average basic Canadian federal and provincial statutory income tax rates for the following reasons:

                                                                                                  2024           2023
 Weighted average basic Canadian federal and provincial statutory income tax rate             26.5 %           26.5 %
 Net increase (decrease) resulting from:
   Non-deductible and non-taxable items                                                       (0.5)%           (0.5)%
   Adjustments in respect of prior periods                                                    (0.2)%            (1.3)%
   Other                                                                                       0.4 %            (0.1)%
 Effective tax rate applicable to earnings before income taxes                                26.2 %           24.6 %


 Unrecognized deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax assets were not recognized on the consolidated
 balance sheets in respect of the following items:

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                   2024           2023
 Deductible temporary differences                                                       $          21     $         14
 Non-capital loss carryforwards                                                                   199             180
 Unrecognized deferred tax assets                                                       $         220     $       194


 Certain non-capital loss carryforwards expire in the years 2029 to 2043. The deductible temporary differences do
 not expire under current income tax legislation. Deferred income tax assets were not recognized in respect of
 these items because it is not probable that future taxable income will be available to the Company to utilize the
 benefits.
 Recognized deferred income tax assets and liabilities Deferred income tax assets and liabilities were attributable
 to the following:
                                                                                        As at                    As at
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                            December 28, 2024        December 30, 2023
 Trade payables and accrued liabilities                                    $                99     $                94
 Other liabilities                                                                        224                      204
 Lease liabilities                                                                      2,670                   2,476
 Fixed assets                                                                            (589)                    (588)
 Right-of-use assets                                                                   (2,160)                 (2,004)
 Goodwill and intangible assets                                                         (1,146)                 (1,282)
 Non-capital loss carryforwards (expiring 2029 to 2043)                                     45                      64
 Other                                                                                      18                      29
 Net deferred income tax liabilities                                       $             (839)     $            (1,007)
 Recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as follows:
   Deferred income tax assets                                              $               118     $                125
   Deferred income tax liabilities                                                       (957)                   (1,132)
 Net deferred income tax liabilities                                       $             (839)     $            (1,007)


 Global Minimum Tax (Pillar Two) In December 2021, the OECD issued model rules for a new global minimum tax
 framework. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions in which the
 Company operates, and is effective for the Company’s fiscal year ended December 28, 2024.
 The Company is applying the exception to recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax asset and
 liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the amendments to IAS 12 issued in May 2023.
 Income tax expense recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings in 2024 includes $5 million (2023 – not
 applicable) related to Pillar Two income taxes.


94 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Note 7. Basic and Diluted Net Earnings per Common Share

(millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                                               2024            2023
Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company                                            $        2,171    $      2,100
Dividends on preferred shares in equity (note 22)                                                              (12)             (12)
Impact of preferred share redemption (note 22)                                                                  (4)              —
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                       $        2,155    $      2,088
Basic Weighted average common shares outstanding (in millions) (note 22)                                     305.1            316.7
Dilutive effect of equity-based compensation                                                                   2.9              2.6
Dilutive effect of certain other liabilities                                                                   0.5              0.7
Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding (in millions)                                             308.5           320.0
Basic net earnings per common share ($)                                                             $         7.06    $       6.59
Diluted net earnings per common share ($)                                                           $         6.99    $       6.52


In 2024, there were no potentially dilutive instruments (2023 – 49,863) excluded from the computation of diluted
net earnings per common share as they were anti-dilutive.

Note 8. Cash and Cash Equivalents and Change in Non-cash Working Capital

The components of cash and cash equivalents and change in non-cash working capital were as follows:

Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                  As at                      As at
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                       December 28, 2024          December 30, 2023
Cash                                                                                 $              1,240      $                947
Cash equivalents                                                                                      222                       541
Total cash and cash equivalents                                                      $              1,462      $              1,488



Change in Non-cash Working Capital

                                                                                                  As at                      As at
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                       December 28, 2024          December 30, 2023
Change in:
 Accounts receivable                                                                 $               (170)     $               (163)
 Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                    (52)                        19
 Inventories                                                                                         (510)                       35
 Trade payables and other liabilities                                                                839                         116
 Other                                                                                                (23)                       (16)
Change in non-cash working capital                                                   $                 84      $                  (9)




                                                                  2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 9. Accounts Receivable

 The following are continuities of the Company’s allowances for uncollectible accounts receivable:

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                     2024            2023
 Allowances, beginning of year                                                              $        (36)    $        (31)
 Net addition                                                                                          (3)             (5)
 Allowances, end of year                                                                    $        (39)    $       (36)


 Credit risk associated with accounts receivable is discussed in note 29.

 Note 10. Credit Card Receivables

 The components of credit card receivables were as follows:

                                                                                           As at                   As at
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                               December 28, 2024       December 30, 2023
 Gross credit card receivables                                                $            4,493      $            4,388
 Allowance for credit card receivables                                                      (263)                   (256)
 Credit card receivables                                                      $            4,230      $            4,132
 Securitized to independent securitization trusts:
   Securitized to Eagle Credit Card Trust (note 20)                           $            1,450      $            1,350
   Securitized to Other Independent Securitization Trusts                                    800                     850
 Total securitized to independent securitization trusts                       $            2,250      $            2,200


 The Company, through PC Bank, participates in various securitization programs that provide a source of funds for
 the operation of its credit card business. PC Bank maintains and monitors a co-ownership interest in credit card
 receivables with independent securitization trusts, including Eagle and Other Independent Securitization Trusts, in
 accordance with its financing requirements.

 The associated liability of Eagle is recorded in long term debt (see note 20). The associated liabilities of credit card
 receivables securitized to the Other Independent Securitization Trusts are recorded in short term debt.

 The securitization agreements between PC Bank and the Other Independent Securitization Trusts are renewed and
 extended on an annual basis. The existing agreements were renewed in 2024, with their respective maturity dates
 extended to 2026 and with all other terms and conditions remaining substantially the same.

 As at December 28, 2024, PC Bank recorded a $50 million net increase of co-ownership interest in the securitized
 receivables held with the Independent Securitization Trusts as a result of growth in the credit card portfolio.

 The undrawn commitments on facilities available from the Other Independent Securitization Trusts as at
 December 28, 2024 were $100 million (December 30, 2023 – $100 million).

 The Company has arranged letters of credit on behalf of PC Bank for the benefit of the independent securitization
 trusts (see note 31).

 Under its securitization programs, PC Bank is required to maintain, at all times, a credit card receivable pool
 balance equal to a minimum of 107% of the outstanding securitized liability. PC Bank was in compliance with this
 requirement as at December 28, 2024 and throughout 2024.




96 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
The following table provides gross carrying amounts of credit card receivables by internal risk ratings for credit risk
management purposes:

                                                                                                                 As at December 28, 2024
                                                                                          Lifetime ECL-      Lifetime ECL-
                                                                                              not credit             credit
                                                                     12-month ECL              impaired           impaired
                                                                         (Stage 1)             (Stage 2)          (Stage 3)         Total
Low risk                                                            $        2,264 $                10 $                — $          2,274
Moderate risk                                                                1,240                  41                  —             1,281
High risk                                                                      587                298                  53              938
Total gross carrying amount                                         $        4,091 $              349 $                53 $          4,493
ECL allowance                                                                  (112)              (108)               (43)            (263)
Net carrying amount                                                 $        3,979 $               241 $               10 $          4,230

                                                                                                                  As at December 30, 2023
                                                                                          Lifetime ECL-      Lifetime ECL-
                                                                                              not credit             credit
                                                                     12-month ECL              impaired           impaired
                                                                          (Stage 1)            (Stage 2)          (Stage 3)          Total
Low risk                                                            $        2,194 $                 13 $               — $          2,207
Moderate risk                                                                 1,215                  38                 —            1,253
High risk                                                                       461                 414                53              928
Total gross carrying amount                                         $        3,870 $               465 $               53 $          4,388
ECL allowance                                                                  (104)               (110)              (42)            (256)
Net carrying amount                                                 $        3,766 $               355 $                11 $         4,132


The following are continuities of the Company’s allowance for credit card receivables for the years ended
December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023:

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                   As at December 28, 2024
                                                                                           Stage 1         Stage 2    Stage 3         Total
Balance, beginning of year                                                            $       104 $           110 $       42 $        256
Increase / (decrease) during the year:
  Transfers(i)
    To Stage 1                                                                                  41             (41)        —             —
    To Stage 2                                                                                   (7)             9         (2)           —
    To Stage 3                                                                                   (4)          (28)        32             —
  New loans originated(ii)                                                                      16               9          3           28
  Net remeasurements(iii)                                                                      (38)            49        155           166
  Write-offs                                                                                     —              —       (218)         (218)
  Recoveries                                                                                     —              —         31            31
Balance, end of year                                                                  $        112 $          108 $       43 $        263
(i) Transfers reflect allowance movements between stages for loans that were recognized as of the beginning of the year.
(ii) New loans originated reflect the stage of loan, and the related loan balance, as of the end of the year.
(iii) Net remeasurements includes the impact from changes in loan balances, model enhancements and credit quality during the year.




                                                                    2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited      97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                 As at December 30, 2023
                                                                                           Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3         Total
 Balance, beginning of year                                                           $        79 $          92 $          35 $       206
 Increase / (decrease) during the year:
   Transfers(i)
     To Stage 1                                                                                27           (27)            —           —
     To Stage 2                                                                                 (7)           9             (2)         —
     To Stage 3                                                                                 (3)         (20)           23           —
   New loans originated(ii)                                                                    15             8              4          27
   Net remeasurements(iii)                                                                      (7)          48            140          181
   Write-offs                                                                                   —             —           (183)       (183)
   Recoveries                                                                                   —             —             25          25
 Balance, end of year                                                                 $       104 $          110 $          42 $      256
 (i) Transfers reflect allowance movements between stages for loans that were recognized as of the beginning of the year.
 (ii) New loans originated reflect the stage of loan, and the related loan balance, as of the end of the year.
 (iii) Net remeasurements includes the impact from changes in loan balances, model enhancements and credit quality during the year.

 The allowances for credit card receivables recorded in the consolidated balance sheets are maintained at a level
 which is considered adequate to endure credit-related losses on credit card receivables.

 Note 11. Inventories
 For inventories recorded as at December 28, 2024, the Company has an inventory provision of $32 million
 (December 30, 2023 – $46 million) for the write-down of inventories below cost to net realizable value. The write-
 down was included in cost of sales. There were no reversals of previously recorded write-downs of inventories
 during 2024 and 2023.

 Note 12. Assets Held for Sale
 In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party to sell all of the shares of
 its Wellwise by Shoppers™ (“Wellwise”) business for cash proceeds. Accordingly, $43 million of assets and
 $19 million of liabilities related to the disposal group were classified as held-for-sale, and the Company recorded a
 net fair value write-down of $23 million in the Retail segment in SG&A. The transaction is expected to close in the
 first quarter of 2025.

 The Company also classifies certain assets, primarily land and buildings, that it expects to sell in the next
 12 months, as assets held for sale. These assets were either originally used in the Company’s retail business
 segment or held in investment properties. In 2024, the Company disposed of three properties (2023 – nine)
 included in assets held for sale for proceeds of $24 million (2023 – $38 million) and recognized a net gain of
 $3 million (2023 – net gain of $12 million). A net fair value write-down of $9 million (2023 – write-down of
 $14 million) was also recognized in 2024.




98 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Note 13. Fixed Assets

The following are continuities of the cost and the accumulated depreciation of fixed assets for the years ended
December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023:
                                                                                                   2024
                                                                        Buildings and                                       Assets
                                                                              building    Equipment        Leasehold         under
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                  Land   improvements      and fixtures   improvements   construction     Total
Cost
Balance, beginning of year                                $    189 $          1,700 $ 10,740 $               4,728 $     986 $18,343
Additions                                                        10                —     126                      74   1,658   1,868
Business acquisitions                                             —                —        —                      1       —         1
Disposals                                                      (36)             (172)     (86)                  (39)       —    (333)
Net transfer to assets held for sale                            (18)              (2)      (12)                  (14)      —      (46)
Transfer from assets under construction                          27              (34)    956                   259    (1,208)       —
Balance, end of year                                      $    172 $          1,492 $ 11,724 $               5,009 $ 1,436 $19,833
Accumulated depreciation
Balance, beginning of year                                $       3 $           910 $ 8,001 $                3,081 $            2 $ 11,997
Depreciation                                                      —               41    609                    286              —      936
Impairment losses                                                 —                 1     17                      15            —       33
Reversal of impairment losses                                     —                (2)    (6)                     —             —        (8)
Disposals                                                         —              (85)    (81)                   (39)            —     (205)
Net transfer to assets held for sale                              —                —      (8)                    (10)           —       (18)
Balance, end of year                                      $       3 $           865 $ 8,532 $                3,333 $            2 $12,735
Carrying amount as at:
  December 28, 2024                                       $    169 $            627 $        3,192 $         1,676 $       1,434 $ 7,098



                                                                                                   2023
                                                                        Buildings and                                       Assets
                                                                              building    Equipment        Leasehold         under
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                  Land   improvements      and fixtures   improvements   construction     Total
Cost
Balance, beginning of year                                $     212 $         1,872 $ 9,955 $                4,435 $          479 $ 16,953
Additions(i)                                                      —                —     149                    33          1,520    1,702
Business acquisitions                                             —                —         1                    1             —         2
Disposals                                                       (30)            (188)     (86)                  (12)            —      (316)
Net transfer to assets held for sale                               1                1       —                    —              —         2
Transfer from assets under construction                           6               15     721                   271          (1,013)      —
Balance, end of year                                      $     189 $         1,700 $ 10,740 $               4,728 $          986 $ 18,343
Accumulated depreciation
Balance, beginning of year                                $       4 $           957 $        7,495 $         2,799 $            2 $ 11,257
Depreciation                                                      —               53           565             295              —       913
Impairment losses                                                 —                5             33               4             —        42
Reversal of impairment losses                                     (1)              (1)            (6)            (6)            —        (14)
Disposals                                                         —             (104)           (86)            (11)            —      (201)
Balance, end of year                                      $       3 $            910 $       8,001 $         3,081 $            2 $ 11,997
Carrying amount as at:
  December 30, 2023                                       $     186 $           790 $        2,739 $          1,647 $        984 $ 6,346
(i) Additions to fixed assets include $37 million of prepayments that were transferred from other assets in 2023.




                                                                       2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited     99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Fixed Asset Commitments As at December 28, 2024, the Company had entered into commitments of $455 million
 (December 30, 2023 – $704 million) for the construction, expansion and renovation of buildings and the purchase
 of real property.

 Impairment Losses and Reversals of Fixed Assets and Right-of-Use Assets Management identified indications of
 impairment for certain retail location CGUs and therefore an impairment test was performed for these CGUs. For
 the year ended December 28, 2024, the Company recorded $30 million (2023 – $39 million) of impairment losses
 on fixed assets and $15 million (2023 – $11 million) of impairment losses on right-of-use assets (see note 27) in
 respect of 18 CGUs (2023 – 17 CGUs) in the retail operating segment. The recoverable amount was based on the
 greater of the CGU’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use.

 For the year ended December 28, 2024, the Company recorded $8 million (2023 – $14 million) of impairment
 reversals on fixed assets and $8 million (2023 – $22 million) of impairment reversals on right-of-use assets (see
 note 27) in respect of 7 CGUs (2023 – 12 CGUs) in the retail operating segment. Impairment reversals are recorded
 where the recoverable amount of the retail location exceeds its carrying values. 1 CGU (2023 – nil) with impairment
 reversals had a fair value less costs to sell greater than its carrying value.

 When determining the value in use of a retail location, the Company develops a discounted cash flow model for
 each CGU. The duration of the cash flow projections for individual CGUs varies based on the remaining useful life
 of the significant assets within the CGU for owned locations or the remaining lease term of the CGU for leased
 locations. Projected future sales and earnings for cash flows are based on actual operating results, operating
 budgets, and long term growth rates that are consistent with industry averages, all of which are consistent with
 strategic plans presented to the Company’s Board. The estimate of the value in use of relevant CGUs was
 determined using a pre-tax discount rate of 7.8% to 9.2% at December 28, 2024 (December 30, 2023 – 8.3% to
 9.6%).

 Additional impairment losses on fixed assets of $3 million (2023 – $3 million) were incurred related to store
 closures, renovations and conversions of retail locations.

 Note 14. Investment Properties

 The following are continuities of investment properties for the years ended December 28, 2024 and
 December 30, 2023:

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                2024              2023
 Balance, beginning of year                                                            $         53     $         60
 Adjustment to fair value of investment properties                                                 6                5
 Net transfer to assets held for sale                                                             (3)             (12)
 Balance, end of year                                                                  $         56     $         53


 The valuations of investment properties using the income approach includes assumptions as to market rental rates
 for properties of similar size and condition located within the same geographical areas, recoverable operating costs
 for leases with tenants, non-recoverable operating costs, vacancy periods, tenant inducements and terminal
 capitalization rates for the purposes of determining the estimated net proceeds from the sale of the property. As at
 December 28, 2024, the pre-tax discount rates used in the valuations for investment properties ranged from 6.75%
 to 8.5% (December 30, 2023 – 6.25% to 8.87%) and the terminal capitalization rates ranged from 5.25% to 7.5%
 (December 30, 2023 – 5.5% to 7.5%).




100 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Note 15. Intangible Assets

The following are continuities of the cost and the accumulated amortization of intangible assets for the years ended
December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023:
                                                                                                            2024
                                                                              Indefinite life                      Other definite
                                                                                 intangible                        life intangible
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                       assets         Software               assets(i)            Total
Cost
Balance, beginning of year                                                $         3,756       $     4,629 $               6,221 $          14,606
Additions                                                                                1              372                     4               377
Net transfer to assets held for sale                                                    —                 3                     —                  3
Business acquisitions                                                                   —                 —                    15                15
Disposals                                                                               —                 (1)                   (1)               (2)
Balance, end of year                                                      $         3,757       $     5,003 $               6,239 $          14,999
Accumulated amortization
Balance, beginning of year                                                $               —     $     3,552 $               5,060 $           8,612
Amortization                                                                              —             426                   517               943
Disposals                                                                                 —               (1)                   (1)              (2)
Balance, end of year                                                      $               —     $     3,977 $               5,576 $           9,553
Carrying amount as at:
  December 28, 2024                                                       $         3,757       $     1,026      $             663       $    5,446
(i) Other definite life intangible assets includes prescription files with a net book value of $104 million related to the acquisition of Shoppers
    Drug Mart Corporation (“Shoppers Drug Mart”) in 2014 which will be fully amortized by the end of 2025.

                                                                                                            2023
                                                                              Indefinite life                        Other definite
                                                                                 intangible                          life intangible
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                       assets          Software                assets(i)          Total
Cost
Balance, beginning of year                                                $         3,756       $     4,239 $               6,204        $    14,199
Additions                                                                               —               402                     5               407
Business acquisitions                                                                   —                 —                    12                  12
Disposals                                                                               —                (12)                   —                 (12)
Balance, end of year                                                      $         3,756       $     4,629 $               6,221        $   14,606
Accumulated amortization
Balance, beginning of year                                                $               —     $      3,151 $              4,543        $    7,694
Amortization                                                                              —              413                   517              930
Disposals                                                                                 —               (12)                  —                (12)
Balance, end of year                                                      $               —     $     3,552 $               5,060        $    8,612
Carrying amount as at:
  December 30, 2023                                                       $         3,756       $      1,077     $             1,161     $    5,994
(i) Other definite life intangible assets includes prescription files with a net book value of $557 million related to the acquisition of Shoppers
    Drug Mart in 2014 which will be fully amortized by the end of 2025.




                                                                        2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited           101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Indefinite Life Intangible Assets Indefinite life intangible assets are comprised of brand names, trademarks, import
 purchase quotas and certain liquor licenses. The brand names and trademarks are a result of the Company’s
 acquisition of Shoppers Drug Mart, Lifemark Health Group (“Lifemark”) and T&T Supermarket Inc. The Company
 expects to renew the registration of the brand names, trademarks, import purchase quotas and liquor licenses at
 each expiry date indefinitely, and expects these assets to generate economic benefit in perpetuity. As such, the
 Company has assigned these intangible assets indefinite useful lives.

 Software Software is comprised of software purchases and development costs. There were no capitalized
 borrowing costs included in 2024 and 2023.

 Other Definite Life Intangible Assets Other definite life intangible assets primarily consist of prescription files, the
 customer loyalty awards program and customer relationships.

 Note 16. Goodwill

 The following are continuities of the cost and the accumulated impairment of goodwill for the years ended
 December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023:

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                               2024           2023
 Cost
 Balance, beginning of year                                                                          $       5,343    $     5,317
 Business acquisitions                                                                                          23             26
 Balance, end of year                                                                                $       5,366    $     5,343
 Accumulated impairment losses
 Balance, beginning of year                                                                          $         994    $       994
 Impairment losses                                                                                               —              —
 Balance, end of year                                                                                $         994    $       994
 Carrying amount as at the end of the year                                                           $       4,372    $     4,349



 The carrying amount of goodwill attributed to each CGU grouping was as follows:

                                                                                                     As at                   As at
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                         December 28, 2024       December 30, 2023
 Shoppers Drug Mart                                                                     $          3,006       $           2,996
 Market(i)                                                                                           139                     238
 Discount(i)                                                                                         703                     603
 Lifemark                                                                                            388                     376
 T&T Supermarket Inc.                                                                                129                     129
 All other                                                                                             7                       7
 Carrying amount as at the end of the year                                              $          4,372       $           4,349


 (i) Includes goodwill reallocated from the Market division to the Discount division.




102 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Impairment Testing of Goodwill and Indefinite Life Intangibles The Company tests goodwill and indefinite-life
intangible assets for impairment annually or more frequently if indicators of impairment are identified.

The key assumptions used to calculate the fair value less costs to sell are revenue and gross margin forecasts,
growth/attrition rates, discount rate, and terminal rate. These assumptions are considered to be Level 3 in the fair
value hierarchy.
The weighted average cost of capital was determined to be 7.1% to 9.8% (December 30, 2023 – 7.1% to 10.1%) and
is based on a risk-free rate, an equity risk premium adjusted for betas of comparable publicly traded companies, an
unsystematic risk premium, an after-tax cost of debt based on corporate bond yields and the capital structure of
comparable publicly traded companies.
Cash flow projections have been discounted using a rate derived from an after-tax weighted average cost of
capital. At December 28, 2024, the after-tax discount rate used in the recoverable amount calculations was 7.1% to
9.8% (December 30, 2023 – 7.1% to 10.1%).
The Company included a minimum of three years of cash flows in its discounted cash flow model. The cash flow
forecasts were extrapolated beyond the forecasting period using an estimated long term growth rate of 2.0% to
2.5% (December 30, 2023 – 2.0% to 2.5%). The budgeted EBITDA growth was based on the Company’s strategic
plan approved by the Board of Directors.

The Company completed its annual impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets and
concluded there was no impairment.

Note 17. Other Assets

The components of other assets were as follows:
                                                                                                        As at                 As at
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                             December 28, 2024     December 30, 2023
Sundry investments and other receivables                                                   $              26     $                   115
Accrued benefit plan asset (note 24)                                                                     356                        297
Finance lease receivable                                                                                  61                         68
Investments accounted for under the equity method                                                         85                         80
Long term securities (note 28)                                                                           120                        201
Long term receivable(i)                                                                                  133                           —
Other                                                                                                    222                          111
Total other assets                                                                         $           1,003     $                  872


(i) Balance includes recovery related to the PC Bank commodity tax matter (see note 30).




                                                                   2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 18. Supplier Financing Arrangements

 In 2024, the Company started a supplier financing program with a third-party financial institution that provides
 financing to suppliers. This arrangement allows these suppliers to elect to be paid by the financial institution at a
 discount earlier than the maturity date of the receivable which generally ranges between 30 and 60 days.
 Participating suppliers can sell one or more of the Company’s payment obligations at their sole discretion, and the
 Company’s rights and obligations to suppliers are not impacted. The Company will pay the full amount owing to the
 financial institution according to the terms negotiated with the supplier on the maturity dates. The amount
 outstanding under this program as at December 28, 2024 was $52 million and is presented within trade payables
 and other liabilities. As at December 28, 2024, suppliers have received payment of $44 million from the financial
 institution under the program. The activity related to this program is classified as an operating activity within the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

 Note 19. Provisions

 The following are the continuities of the Company’s provisions for the years ended December 28, 2024 and
 December 30, 2023:

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                 2024            2023
 Balance, beginning of year                                                              $       238      $      219
 Additions (note 30)                                                                             226             105
 Payments                                                                                         (76)            (77)
 Reversals                                                                                          (1)            (9)
 Balance, end of year                                                                    $       387      $      238



                                                                                        As at                   As at
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                            December 28, 2024       December 30, 2023
 Recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as follows:
   Current portion of provisions                                           $              252      $              115
   Non-current portion of provisions                                                      135                    123
 Total provisions                                                          $              387      $             238




104 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Note 20. Long Term Debt

The components of long term debt were as follows:

                                                                                      As at                     As at
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                           December 28, 2024         December 30, 2023
Debentures
 Loblaw Companies Limited Notes
   3.92%, due 2024                                                      $                  —      $                  400
   6.65%, due 2027                                                                       100                         100
     6.45%, due 2028                                                                     200                         200
     4.49%, due 2028                                                                     400                         400
     6.50%, due 2029                                                                     175                         175
     3.56%, due 2029                                                                     400                           —
     2.28%, due 2030                                                                     350                         350
     11.40%, due 2031
         Principal                                                                        151                        151
         Effect of coupon repurchase                                                       25                        28
     6.85%, due 2032                                                                     200                         200
     5.01%, due 2032                                                                     400                         400
     6.54%, due 2033                                                                     200                         200
     8.75%, due 2033                                                                     200                         200
     6.05%, due 2034                                                                     200                         200
     6.15%, due 2035                                                                     200                         200
     5.90%, due 2036                                                                     300                         300
     6.45%, due 2039                                                                     200                         200
    7.00%, due 2040                                                                       150                      150
    5.86%, due 2043                                                                        55                       55
    5.34%, due 2052                                                                      400                       400
    5.12%, due 2054                                                                      400                         —
Guaranteed Investment Certificates (0.60% – 5.50%, due 2024 – 2029)                     1,477                    1,654
Independent Securitization Trust (note 10)
    2.28%, due 2024                                                                         —                      250
    1.34%, due 2025                                                                      300                       300
    1.61%, due 2026                                                                      300                       300
    4.78%, due 2027                                                                      232                       232
    5.63%, due 2027                                                                         9                          9
    6.83%, due 2027                                                                         9                          9
    5.13%, due 2028                                                                      232                       232
    6.11%, due 2028                                                                         9                          9
    7.36%, due 2028                                                                         9                          9
    4.92%, due 2029                                                                      326                          —
    5.87%, due 2029                                                                        12                         —
    7.12%, due 2029                                                                        12                         —
Independent Funding Trusts                                                               590                       558
Transaction costs and other                                                               (22)                       (19)
Total long term debt                                                    $              8,201      $              7,852
Less amount due within one year                                                          631                       1,191
Long Term Debt                                                          $              7,570      $              6,661




                                                    2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Significant long term debt transactions are described below.

 Debentures The following table summarizes the debentures issued in 2024. There were no debentures issued in
 2023.
                                                                                                                              Principal
                                                                             Interest                                         Amount
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)             Rate           Maturity Date                       2024
 Loblaw Companies Limited Notes(i)                                           3.56%          December 12, 2029             $         400
 Loblaw Companies Limited Notes(ii)                                          5.12%          March 4, 2054                           400
 Total debentures issued                                                                                                  $         800


 (i) The Company used the net proceeds of this issuance to redeem all issued and outstanding Second Preferred Shares, Series B on January 8,
      2025.
 (ii) The Company used the net proceeds of this issuance to partially fund the redemption of the $400 million aggregate principal amount of
      3.92% senior unsecured notes on June 10, 2024.

 The following table summarizes the debentures repaid in 2024. There were no debentures repaid in 2023.
                                                                                                                              Principal
                                                                             Interest                                         Amount
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)             Rate           Maturity Date                       2024
 Loblaw Companies Limited Notes                                              3.92%          June 10, 2024                 $         400
 Total debentures repaid                                                                                                  $         400



 Guaranteed Investment Certificates The following table summarizes PC Bank’s Guaranteed Investment
 Certificates (“GICs”) activity, before commissions, in 2024 and 2023:

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                   2024               2023
 Balance, beginning of year                                                                              $       1,654        $      1,567
 GICs issued                                                                                                       375                 583
 GICs matured                                                                                                     (552)               (496)
 Balance, end of year                                                                                    $       1,477        $      1,654



 Independent Securitization Trust The notes issued by Eagle are debentures, which are collateralized by PC Bank’s
 credit card receivables (see note 10).

 During 2024, Eagle issued $350 million (2023 – $250 million) of senior and subordinated term notes with a
 maturity date of June 17, 2029 (2023 – June 17, 2028). These notes have a weighted average interest rate of 5.03%
 (2023 – 5.25%). In connection with this issuance, $150 million (2023 – $125 million) of bond forward agreements
 were settled, resulting in a realized fair value gain of $2 million (2023 – gain of $4 million) before income taxes. The
 gain on the bond forwards will be reclassified to net earnings over the life of the Eagle notes. This settlement
 resulted in a net effective interest rate of 4.91% (2023 – 4.95%) on the Eagle notes issued (see note 28).

 Senior and subordinated term notes of $250 million (2023 – $250 million) at a weighted average interest rate of
 2.28% (2023 – 3.10%), previously issued by Eagle, matured and were repaid on July 17, 2024 (2023 – July 17,
 2023).

 Independent Funding Trusts As at December 28, 2024, the independent funding trusts had drawn $590 million
 (December 30, 2023 – $558 million) from the revolving committed credit facility that is the source of funding to the
 independent funding trusts.

 The Company has a $700 million revolving committed credit facility that is the source of funding to the
 independent funding trusts that has a maturity date of May 29, 2027.




106 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Committed Credit Facility The Company has a committed credit facility for $1.5 billion with a maturity date of
July 15, 2027, provided by a syndicate of lenders. This committed credit facility contains certain financial covenants
(see note 23). As at December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, there were no amounts drawn under this facility.

Long Term Debt Due Within One Year The following table summarizes long term debt due within one year:

                                                                                                     As at                      As at
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                          December 28, 2024          December 30, 2023
Loblaw Companies Limited notes                                                          $                —         $               400
Guaranteed investment certificates                                                                     331                          541
Independent securitization trust                                                                       300                         250
Long term debt due within one year                                                      $              631         $               1,191



Schedule of Repayments The schedule of repayments of long term debt, based on maturity, is as follows:

                                                                                                                            As at
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                 December 28, 2024
2025                                                                                                           $                631
2026                                                                                                                           556
2027                                                                                                                         1,233
2028                                                                                                                          1,182
2029                                                                                                                          1,191
Thereafter                                                                                                                   3,430
Total long term debt (excludes transaction costs)                                                              $             8,223


See note 28 for the fair value of long term debt.

Reconciliation of Long Term Debt The following table reconciles the changes in cash flows from financing
activities for long term debt:

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                2024              2023
Long term debt, beginning of year                                                                      $      7,852      $     7,783
Long term debt issuances(i)                                                                            $      1,557      $       833
Long term debt repayments                                                                                    (1,202)            (762)
Total cash flow from long term debt financing activities                                               $        355      $         71
Other non-cash changes                                                                                 $          (6)    $         (2)
Long term debt, end of year                                                                            $      8,201      $     7,852


(i) Includes net movements from the Independent Funding Trust, which are revolving debt instruments.




                                                                  2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited    107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 21. Other Liabilities

 The components of other liabilities were as follows:

                                                                                           As at                    As at
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                               December 28, 2024        December 30, 2023
 Net defined benefit plan obligation (note 24)                               $                 231    $              242
 Other long term employee benefit obligation                                                   133                   128
 Financial liabilities (note 27)                                                               180                   179
 Equity-based compensation liabilities (note 25)                                                 3                     3
 Other                                                                                         102                    42
 Total other liabilities                                                     $                 649    $              594



 Note 22. Share Capital

 First Preferred Shares (authorized - 1.0 million shares) There were no First Preferred Shares outstanding as at
 December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023.

 Second Preferred Shares (authorized - unlimited) In the fourth quarter of 2024, pursuant to the terms of the Series
 B preferred share agreement, the Company announced its intention to redeem for cash all of its 9.0 million 5.3%
 non-voting Second Preferred Shares, Series B. The redemption occurred on January 8, 2025 and the shares were
 redeemed for an aggregate amount of $225 million, plus accrued and unpaid dividends ($0.02944 per share) up to
 but excluding the redemption date, less any tax required to be deducted and withheld by the Company. As at
 December 28, 2024, the Preferred Shares, Series B were recorded in current liabilities at the redemption amount.
 Common Shares (authorized – unlimited) Common shares issued are fully paid and have no par value. The
 activities in the common shares issued and outstanding were as follows:

                                                                         December 28, 2024           December 30, 2023
                                                                                (52 weeks)                  (52 weeks)
                                                                          Number of Common           Number of Common
                                                                           Common     Share           Common     Share
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)             Shares  Capital            Shares  Capital
 Issued and outstanding, beginning of year                            310,526,379 $ 6,281       324,062,608 $ 6,489
 Issued for settlement of stock options (note 25)                         2,178,132    166             984,923      69
 Purchased and cancelled                                              (10,968,458)    (232)        (14,521,152)   (277)
 Issued and outstanding, end of year                                  301,736,053 $ 6,215        310,526,379 $ 6,281
 Share held in trust, beginning of year                                 (1,269,239) $ (25)          (1,222,278) $ (24)
 Purchased for future settlement of RSUs and PSUs                         (420,000)      (8)         (625,000)      (13)
 Released for settlement of RSUs and PSUs (note 25)                         707,115     14             578,039       12
 Share held in trust, end of year                                          (982,124) $ (19)        (1,269,239) $ (25)
 Issued and outstanding, net of shares held in trust, end of year     300,753,929 $ 6,196        309,257,140 $ 6,256
 Weighted average outstanding, net of shares held in trust (note 7)   305,051,090                 316,732,641




108 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Dividends The declaration and payment of dividends on the Company’s common shares and the amount thereof
are at the discretion of the Board, which takes into account the Company’s financial results, capital requirements,
available cash flow, future prospects of the Company’s business and other factors considered relevant from time to
time. Over the long term, it is the Company’s intention to increase the amount of the dividend while retaining
appropriate free cash flow to finance future growth. In the second quarter of 2024, the Board raised the quarterly
dividend by $0.067 to $0.513 per common share.

The following table summarizes the Company’s cash dividends declared for the years as indicated:

                                                                                                                    2024(i)              2023
Dividends declared per share ($)
 Common Share                                                                                               $       1.985       $       1.743
 Second Preferred Share, Series B                                                                           $       1.325       $       1.325


(i) The Common Share dividends declared in the fourth quarter of 2024 of $0.513 per share had a payment date of December 30, 2024.
    The Second Preferred Shares, Series B dividends declared in the fourth quarter of 2024 of $0.33125 per share had a payment date of
    December 31, 2024.


(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                       2024                2023
Dividends declared
  Common Share                                                                                              $         604       $        550
  Second Preferred Share, Series B                                                                                     12                 12
Total dividends declared                                                                                    $         616       $         562



Subsequent to December 28, 2024, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.513 per common share, payable
on April 1, 2025 to shareholders of record on March 15, 2025.

Normal Course Issuer Bid Activities under the Company’s Normal Course Issuer Bid (“NCIB”) during the periods
were as follows:
(millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                                     (i)
Common shares repurchased under the NCIB for cancellation (number of shares)                                10,968,458            14,521,152
 Cash consideration paid(ii)                                                                                $     1,754         $      1,729
 Premium charged to retained earnings(iii)                                                                        1,661                1,352
 Reduction in common share capital(iv)                                                                              232                  277
Common shares repurchased under the NCIB and held in trust (number of shares)                                  420,000             625,000
 Cash consideration paid                                                                                    $        72         $         72
 Premium charged to retained earnings                                                                                64                   59
 Reduction in common share capital                                                                                    8                   13


(i) Common shares repurchased and cancelled as at December 28, 2024 do not include the shares that may be repurchased subsequent to
    the end of the quarter under the automatic share repurchase plan, as described below.
(ii) $5 million of cash consideration related to common shares repurchased under NCIB for cancellation in the third quarter of 2024 was paid in
      the fourth quarter of 2024.
(iii) Premium charged to retained earnings includes $182 million related to the automatic share purchase plan, as described below.
(iv) Includes $22 million related to the automatic share purchase plan, as described below.




                                                                    2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited        109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company renewed its NCIB to purchase on the Toronto Stock Exchange or
 through alternative trading systems up to 15,336,875 of the Company’s common shares, representing
 approximately 5% of issued and outstanding common shares. As at December 28, 2024, the Company had
 purchased 5,947,668 common shares for cancellation under its current NCIB. The Company is still permitted to
 purchase its common shares from Weston under its NCIB, pursuant to an automatic disposition plan agreement
 among the Company’s broker, the Company and Weston, in order for Weston to maintain its proportionate
 ownership interest in the Company. The maximum number of common shares that may be purchased pursuant to
 the NCIB will be reduced by the number of common shares purchased from Weston.

 During 2024, 10,968,458 common shares (2023 – 14,521,152) were purchased under the NCIB for cancellation, for
 aggregate consideration of $1,754 million (2023 – $1,729 million), including 4,620,023 common shares (2023 –
 7,132,579) purchased from Weston, for aggregate consideration of $746 million (2023 – $847 million).

 From time to time, the Company participates in an automatic share purchase plan (“ASPP”) with a broker in order to
 facilitate the repurchase of the Company’s common shares under its NCIB. During the effective period of the ASPP,
 the Company’s broker may purchase common shares at times when the Company would not be active in the
 market. As at December 28, 2024, an obligation to repurchase shares of $200 million was recognized under the
 ASPP in trade payables and other liabilities.

 Note 23. Capital Management

 In order to manage its capital structure, the Company may, among other activities, adjust the amount of dividends
 paid to shareholders, purchase shares for cancellation pursuant to its NCIB, issue new shares or issue or repay
 long term debt with the objective of:
 •   ensuring sufficient liquidity is available to support its financial obligations and to execute its operating and
     strategic plans;
 •   maintaining financial capacity and flexibility through access to capital to support future development of the
     business;
 •   minimizing the after-tax cost of its capital while taking into consideration current and future industry, market
     and economic risks and conditions;
 •   utilizing short term funding sources to manage its working capital requirements and long term funding sources
     to manage the long term capital investments of the business;
 •   returning an appropriate amount of capital to shareholders; and
 •   targeting an appropriate leverage and capital structure for the Company and each of its reportable operating
     segments.
 The Company has policies in place which govern debt financing plans and risk management strategies for liquidity,
 interest rates and foreign exchange. These policies outline measures and targets for managing capital, including a
 range for leverage consistent with the desired credit rating. Management and the Audit Committee regularly review
 the Company’s compliance with, and performance against, these policies. In addition, management regularly
 reviews these policies to ensure they remain consistent with the risk tolerance acceptable to the Company.




110 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
The following table summarizes the Company’s total capital under management:

                                                                                                              As at                          As at
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                   December 28, 2024              December 30, 2023
Bank indebtedness                                                                                $                    —        $                     13
Demand deposits from customers                                                                                      353                            166
Short term debt                                                                                                     800                           850
Long term debt due within one year                                                                                  631                           1,191
Long term debt                                                                                                    7,570                         6,661
Certain other liabilities(i)                                                                                        294                           280
Total debt excluding lease liabilities                                                           $               9,648         $                 9,161
Lease liabilities due within one year                                                                             1,648                         1,455
Lease liabilities                                                                                                 8,535                        8,003
Total debt including lease liabilities                                                           $               19,831        $               18,619
Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                                                               11,091                        11,464
Total capital under management                                                                   $              30,922         $              30,083


(i) As at December 28, 2024, certain other liabilities include financial liabilities of $192 million related to the sale and leaseback of retail
    properties (December 30, 2023 – $190 million) (see note 27).

Covenants and Regulatory Requirements The Company is subject to certain key financial and non-financial
covenants under its existing committed credit facility, debentures and letters of credit. These covenants, which
include interest coverage and leverage ratios, as defined in the respective agreements, are measured by the
Company on a quarterly basis to ensure compliance with these agreements. As at December 28, 2024 and
throughout the year, the Company was in compliance with each of the covenants under these agreements.

The Company is subject to externally imposed capital requirements from the Office of the Superintendent of
Financial Institutions (“OSFI”), the primary regulator of PC Bank. PC Bank’s capital management objectives are to
maintain a consistently strong capital position while considering the economic risks generated by its credit card
receivables portfolio and to meet all regulatory capital requirements as defined by OSFI. PC Bank uses Basel III as
its regulatory capital management framework, which includes a target common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%, a
Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5% and a total capital ratio of 10.5%. In addition to the regulatory capital ratios requirement,
PC Bank is subject to the Basel III Leverage ratio. PC Bank is also subject to OSFI’s Guideline on Liquidity
Adequacy Requirements (“LARs”). The LARs guideline establishes standards based on the Basel III framework,
including a Liquidity Coverage Ratio standard. As at December 28, 2024 and throughout the year, PC Bank has
met all applicable regulatory requirements.




                                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited            111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 24. Post-Employment Benefits

 The Company sponsors a number of pension plans, including registered defined benefit pension plans, registered
 defined contribution pension plans and supplemental unfunded arrangements providing pension benefits in excess
 of statutory limits. Certain obligations of the Company under these supplemental pension arrangements are
 secured by a standby letter of credit issued by a major Canadian chartered bank.
 In January 2025, the Governance, Talent and Compensation Committee (the "Governance Committee") assumed
 oversight of the Company’s pension plans from the former Pension Committee. The Governance Committee is
 responsible for assisting the Board in fulfilling its general oversight responsibilities for the plans. The Governance
 Committee assists the Board with oversight of management’s administration of the plans, pension investment and
 monitoring responsibilities, and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
 The Company’s defined benefit pension plans are primarily funded by the Company, predominantly non-
 contributory and the benefits are, in general, based on career average earnings subject to limits. The funding is
 based on regulatory going concern and solvency valuations for which the assumptions may differ from the
 assumptions used for accounting purposes as detailed in this note.
 The Company also offers certain other defined benefit plans other than pension plans. These other defined benefit
 plans are generally not funded, are mainly non-contributory and include health care, life insurance and dental
 benefits. Employees eligible for these other defined benefits are those who retire at certain ages having met
 certain service requirements. The majority of other defined benefit plans for current and future retirees include a
 limit on the total benefits payable by the Company.
 The Company’s defined benefit pension plans and other defined benefit plans expose it to a number of actuarial
 risks, such as longevity risk, interest rate risk and market risk.
 In Canada, the Company also has a national defined contribution plan for salaried employees. All newly hired
 salaried employees are only eligible to participate in this defined contribution plan. The Company also contributes
 to various MEPPs, which are administered by independent boards of trustees generally consisting of an equal
 number of union and employer representatives.
 The Company, together with its franchises, is the largest participating employer in the Canadian Commercial
 Workers Industry Pension Plan (“CCWIPP”), with approximately 53,000 (2023 – 53,000) employees as members.
 The Company’s responsibility to make contributions to these plans is limited by amounts established pursuant to its
 collective agreements (see note 26).
 The Company expects to make contributions in 2025 to its defined benefit and defined contribution plans and the
 MEPPs in which it participates as well as benefit payments to the beneficiaries of the supplemental unfunded
 defined benefit pension plans, other defined benefit plans and other long term employee benefit plans.
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans and Other Defined Benefit Plans Information on the Company’s defined benefit
 pension plans and other defined benefit plans, in aggregate, is summarized as follows:

                                                                                   2024                       2023
                                                                             Defined       Other        Defined        Other
                                                                              Benefit     Defined        Benefit     Defined
                                                                             Pension      Benefit       Pension       Benefit
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                Plans        Plans         Plans        Plans
 Present value of funded obligations                                     $ (1,454) $           —    $ (1,429) $           —
 Present value of unfunded obligations                                        (118)         (106)        (119)          (114)
 Total present value of defined benefit obligation                       $ (1,572) $        (106)   $ (1,548) $         (114)
 Fair value of plan assets                                                   1,817             —       1,729              —
 Total funded status of surpluses (obligations)                          $      245 $       (106)   $       181 $       (114)
 Assets not recognized due to asset ceiling                                      (14)          —            (12)          —
 Total net defined benefit plan surpluses (obligations)                  $      231 $       (106)   $      169 $        (114)
 Recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as follows:
   Other assets (note 17)                                                $      356 $          —    $     297 $           —
   Other liabilities (note 21)                                           $      (125) $     (106)   $     (128) $       (114)




112 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
The following are the continuities of the fair value of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit plan
obligations:

                                                                            2024                            2023
                                                                Defined     Other                Defined      Other
                                                                 Benefit   Defined                Benefit   Defined
                                                                Pension    Benefit               Pension     Benefit
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                    Plans      Plans     Total       Plans      Plans         Total
Changes in the fair value of plan assets
Fair value, beginning of year                                  $1,729 $         — $1,729         $ 1,552 $       — $ 1,552
Employer contributions                                               —          —       —               21       —        21
Employee contributions                                                2         —        2               2       —         2
Benefits paid                                                      (49)         —     (49)            (46)       —      (46)
Interest income                                                     78          —      78              82        —       82
Actuarial gains in other comprehensive income                       60          —      60              121       —       121
Other                                                                (3)        —       (3)             (3)      —        (3)
Fair value, end of year                                        $ 1,817 $        — $ 1,817        $ 1,729 $       — $ 1,729
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit
   plan obligations
Balance, beginning of year                                     $1,548 $ 114 $1,662               $ 1,359 $      116 $ 1,475
Current service cost                                                43     2    45                     44         4       48
Interest cost                                                       71     5    76                     69         6       75
Benefits paid                                                      (57)   (5)  (62)                   (52)       (2)     (54)
Employee contributions                                               2    —      2                      2        —          2
Actuarial (gains) losses in other comprehensive income            (35)   (10)  (45)                  126        (10)      116
Balance, end of year                                           $1,572 $ 106 $1,678               $ 1,548 $      114 $ 1,662
Total funded status of surpluses (obligations)                 $ 245 $ (106) $ 139               $ 181 $       (114) $ 67
Changes in the assets not recognized due to
   asset ceiling
Balance, beginning of year                                     $     12 $       — $      12      $ 262 $         — $ 262
Change in liability arising from change in asset ceiling              1         —         1        (265)         —   (265)
Interest expense on assets not recognized due
  to asset ceiling                                                 1      —      1                  15           —           15
Balance, end of year                                           $ 14 $     — $ 14                 $  12 $         — $         12
Total net defined benefit plan surpluses (obligations)         $ 231 $ (106) $ 125               $ 169 $       (114) $       55



For 2024, the actual gain on plan assets was $138 million (2023 – gain of $203 million).

The net defined benefit obligation can be allocated to the plans’ participants as follows:
•   Active plan participants 49% (2023 – 51%);
•   Deferred plan participants 13% (2023 – 13%); and
•   Retirees 38% (2023 – 36%).

During 2025, the company expects to contribute nominal amounts (2024 – contributed nominal amounts) to its
registered defined benefit pension plans due to the surplus position of the total funded status of the pension plans.
The actual amount of contributions may vary from the estimate depending on the funded positions of the plans,
filing of any actuarial valuations, any new regulatory requirements or other factors.




                                                           2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited    113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 The net cost recognized in earnings before income taxes for the Company’s defined benefit pension plans and
 other defined benefit plans was as follows:
                                                                                     2024                                        2023
                                                                          Defined     Other                          Defined       Other
                                                                           Benefit   Defined                          Benefit    Defined
                                                                          Pension    Benefit                         Pension      Benefit
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                             Plans      Plans          Total            Plans       Plans            Total
 Current service cost                                                 $       43 $          2 $         45       $       44 $           4 $          48
 Net interest (income) cost on net defined benefit
  plan assets (obligations)                                                    (6)          5            (1)               2            6              8
 Other                                                                         3           —             3                3           —               3
 Net post-employment defined benefit cost                             $       40 $         7 $          47       $       49 $         10 $           59



 The actuarial gains recognized in other comprehensive income net of taxes for defined benefit plans were as
 follows:

                                                                                     2024                                        2023
                                                                          Defined     Other                          Defined       Other
                                                                           Benefit   Defined                          Benefit    Defined
                                                                          Pension    Benefit                         Pension      Benefit
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                             Plans      Plans          Total            Plans       Plans            Total
 Return on plan assets, excluding amounts
   included in net interest expense and other
   financing charges                                                  $       60 $         — $          60       $       121 $        — $            121
 Experience adjustments                                                        5           2             7              (20)          12              (8)
 Actuarial gains from change in demographic
    assumptions                                                                —            7             7              35             8            43
 Actuarial gains (losses) from change in financial
    assumptions(i)                                                            30             1          31              (141)         (10)          (151)
 Change in liability arising from change in asset
    ceiling(i)                                                                 (1)         —             (1)           265             —            265
 Total net actuarial gains recognized in other
   comprehensive income before income taxes                           $       94 $         10 $        104       $     260 $          10 $          270
 Income tax expenses on actuarial gains (note 6)                             (25)          (3)         (28)             (69)          (2)            (71)
 Actuarial gains net of income tax expenses                           $       69 $          7 $         76       $       191 $         8 $          199

 (i) The actuarial gains and the change in liability arising from change in asset ceiling were primarily driven by an increase in discount rates.




114 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
The cumulative actuarial gains before income taxes recognized in equity for the Company’s defined benefit plans
were as follows:
                                                                                  2024                                    2023
                                                                       Defined     Other                      Defined      Other
                                                                        Benefit   Defined                      Benefit   Defined
                                                                       Pension    Benefit                     Pension     Benefit
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                           Plans      Plans        Total          Plans      Plans         Total
Cumulative amount, beginning of year                               $     326 $       142 $       468      $       66 $       132 $       198
Net actuarial gains recognized in the year before
 income taxes                                                             94          10         104            260           10         270
Cumulative amount, end of year                                     $     420 $       152 $       572      $     326 $        142 $       468



Composition of Plan Assets The defined benefit pension plan assets are held in trust and consist of the following
asset categories:
(millions of Canadian dollars, except where otherwise indicated)                                     2024                        2023
Equity securities
Canadian - pooled funds                                                                      $     24          1%        $    22         1%
Foreign - pooled funds                                                                            839         46 %           783        45 %
Total equity securities                                                                      $    863         47 %       $   805        46 %
Debt securities
Fixed income securities:
   - government                                                                              $  554          30 %        $   515         30 %
   - corporate                                                                                   162          9%              149          9%
Total debt securities                                                                        $ 716           39 %        $ 664           39 %
Other investments                                                                               233          13 %            220          13 %
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          5          1%               40          2%
Total                                                                                        $ 1,817        100 %        $ 1,729        100 %



As at December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the defined benefit pension plans did not directly include any
of the Company’s securities.

All equity and debt securities and other investments are valued based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities or based on inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are
observable for the asset or liability, either directly as prices or indirectly, either derived from prices or as per
agreements for contractual returns.

The Company’s asset allocation reflects a balance of interest-rate sensitive investments, such as fixed income
investments, and equities, which are expected to provide higher returns over the long term. The Company’s
targeted asset allocations are actively monitored and adjusted on a plan by plan basis to align the asset mix with
the liability profiles of the plans.




                                                                        2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited    115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Principal Actuarial Assumptions The principal actuarial assumptions used in calculating the Company’s defined
 benefit plan obligations and net defined benefit plan cost for the year were as follows (expressed as
 weighted averages):
                                                                   2024                                              2023
                                                      Defined Benefit          Other Defined           Defined Benefit          Other Defined
                                                       Pension Plans            Benefit Plans           Pension Plans            Benefit Plans
 Defined Benefit Plan Obligations
 Discount rate                                                4.70 %                  4.70 %                   4.60 %                  4.60 %
 Rate of compensation increase                                3.00 %                      n/a       4% for 2023 and                          n/a
                                                                                                      3% thereafter
 Mortality table(i)                           CPM-RPP2014 Pub/              CPM-RPP2014               CPM-RPP2014             CPM-RPP2014
                                                Priv Generational               Pub/Priv                  Pub/Priv                Pub/Priv
                                                                             Generational              Generational            Generational
 Net Defined Benefit Plan Cost
 Discount rate                                                4.60 %                  4.60 %                   5.30 %                  5.30 %
 Rate of compensation increase                                3.00 %                      n/a                  4.00 %                        n/a
 Mortality table(i)                           CPM-RPP2014 Pub/              CPM-RPP2014               CPM-RPP2014             CPM-RPP2014
                                                Priv Generational               Pub/Priv                  Pub/Priv                Pub/Priv
                                                                             Generational              Generational            Generational


 n/a – not applicable
 (i) An adjusted public or private sector mortality table is used depending on the prominent demographics and actual experience for each plan.

 The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation as at December 28, 2024 is 13.9 years
 (December 30, 2023 – 14.2 years).

 The growth rate of health care costs, primarily drug and other medical costs, for the other defined benefit plan
 obligations as at the end of the year was estimated at 5.10% and is expected to increase to 5.30% as at year end
 2025.

 Sensitivity of Key Actuarial Assumptions The following table outlines the key assumptions for 2024 (expressed as
 weighted averages) and the sensitivity of each of these assumptions on the defined benefit plan obligations.

 The sensitivity analysis provided in the table is hypothetical and should be used with caution. The sensitivities of
 each key assumption have been calculated independently of any changes in other key assumptions. Actual
 experience may result in changes in a number of key assumptions simultaneously. Changes in one factor may
 result in changes in another, which could amplify or reduce the impact of such assumptions.
                                                                                                 Defined Benefit             Other Defined
                                                                                                  Pension Plans
                                                                                                     Defined                 Benefit Plans
 Increase (Decrease)                                                                                Benefit Plan              Benefit Plan
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                                    Obligations               Obligations
 Discount rate                                                                                               4.70 %                   4.70 %
 Impact of:
     1% increase                                                                                $            (189)       $             (12)
     1% decrease                                                                                $            233         $              14
 Expected growth rate of health care costs                                                                                            5.10 %
 Impact of:
     1% increase                                                                                              n/a        $                9
     1% decrease                                                                                              n/a        $               (8)
 Mortality rates
 Impact of:
     One year increase in life expectancy                                                       $              29        $                    1
     One year decrease in life expectancy                                                       $             (28)       $                   (1)
 n/a – not applicable



116 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Note 25. Equity-Based Compensation

The Company’s equity-based compensation expense, which includes Stock Option, RSU, PSU, DSU and EDSU
plans, was $67 million during 2024 (2023 – $72 million). The expense was recognized in operating income.

The carrying amounts of the Company’s equity-based compensation arrangements, which include Stock Option,
RSU, PSU, DSU and EDSU plans, were recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as follows:

                                                                                           As at                        As at
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                December 28, 2024            December 30, 2023
Other liabilities (note 21)                                                   $                  3         $                  3
Contributed surplus                                                                            115                          136


The following are details related to the equity-based compensation plans of the Company:

Stock Option Plan The Company maintains a stock option plan for certain employees. Under this plan, the
Company may grant options up to 28,137,162 common shares.

The following is a summary of the Company’s stock option plan activity:

                                                           2024                                        2023
                                                                      Weighted                                        Weighted
                                                   Options     Average Exercise                Options         Average Exercise
                                          (number of shares)       Price / Share      (number of shares)           Price / Share
Outstanding options, beginning of year         5,496,224       $           79.89           5,782,615           $          71.07
Granted                                          505,535       $          147.68             857,666           $         118.94
Exercised (note 22)                            (2,178,132)     $           67.69            (984,923)          $          61.48
Forfeited/cancelled                              (217,306)     $           97.56             (159,134)         $         83.80
Expired                                            (14,133)    $           59.00                    —          $              —
Outstanding options, end of year               3,592,188       $           95.85           5,496,224           $         79.89
Options exercisable, end of year                1,204,271      $           78.58            2,321,812          $         67.05



The following is the weighted average remaining contractual life and exercise price of outstanding and exercisable
stock options as at December 28, 2024:

                                                  2024 Outstanding Options                     2024 Exercisable Options
                                                             Weighted
                                                              Average        Weighted                                Weighted
                                           Number of        Remaining         Average            Number of            Average
                                              Options      Contractual        Exercise          Exercisable           Exercise
Range of Exercise Prices                  Outstanding      Life (years)    Price/Share             Options         Price/Share
$55.18-$70.13                              1,431,486               2.3    $        64.96         789,872           $   64.59
$70.14-$117.72                               953,973               4.1    $        98.25         293,674           $   99.42
$117.73-$179.77                            1,206,729               5.6    $       130.58          120,725          $   119.43
                                           3,592,188                      $        95.85        1,204,271          $    78.58


During 2024, the Company issued common shares on the exercise of stock options with a weighted average
market share price of $153.42 (2023 – $120.31). The Company received cash consideration of $147 million (2023 –
$61 million) related to the exercise of these options.




                                                         2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited      117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 The fair value of stock options granted during 2024 was $15 million (2023 – $21 million). The assumptions used to
 measure the fair value of options granted during 2024 and 2023 under the Black-Scholes valuation model at date
 of grant were as follows:

                                                                                              2024                2023
 Expected dividend yield                                                                      1.2 %                1.5 %
 Expected share price volatility                                                   17.6% – 22.0%        19.4% – 22.5%
 Risk-free interest rate                                                              3.1% – 3.8%          3.0% – 4.2%
 Expected life of options                                                          3.8 – 6.2 years      3.8 – 6.2 years



 Estimated forfeiture rates are incorporated into the measurement of stock option plan expense. The forfeiture rate
 applied as at December 28, 2024 was 10.0% (December 30, 2023 – 11.0%).

 Restricted Share Unit Plan The following is a summary of the Company’s RSU plan activity:

 (number of awards)                                                                            2024               2023
 Restricted share units, beginning of year                                                752,848               716,827
 Granted                                                                                  159,940             252,588
 Reinvested                                                                                  5,678                10,481
 Settled                                                                                  (291,741)           (204,779)
 Forfeited                                                                                 (39,328)            (22,269)
 Restricted share units, end of year                                                      587,397              752,848


 The fair value of RSUs granted during 2024 was $25 million (2023 – $30 million).

 Performance Share Unit Plan The following is a summary of the Company’s PSU plan activity:

 (number of awards)                                                                            2024               2023
 Performance share units, beginning of year                                               576,075              648,199
 Granted                                                                                  304,972               319,671
 Reinvested                                                                                  4,345               8,707
 Settled                                                                                  (415,374)           (376,108)
 Forfeited                                                                                 (30,849)            (24,394)
 Performance share units, end of year                                                      439,169            576,075


 The fair value of PSUs granted during 2024 was $18 million (2023 – $20 million).

 Settlement of Awards from Shares Held in Trust During 2024, the Company settled RSUs and PSUs totaling
 707,115 (2023 – 580,887), of which 707,115 (2023 – 578,039) were settled through the trusts established for
 settlement of each of the RSU and PSU plans (see note 22). The settlements resulted in a $14 million (2023 –
 $12 million) increase to share capital and a net increase of $34 million (2023 – $29 million) to retained earnings.




118 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Director Deferred Share Unit Plan The following is a summary of the Company’s DSU plan activity:

(number of awards)                                                                                               2024                    2023
Director deferred share units, beginning of year                                                            351,636                  325,231
Granted                                                                                                        18,173                 21,458
Reinvested                                                                                                      3,149                  4,947
Settled                                                                                                      (47,289)                      —
Director deferred share units, end of year                                                                  325,669                  351,636



The fair value of DSUs granted during 2024 was $3 million (2023 – $3 million).

Executive Deferred Share Unit Plan The following is a summary of the Company’s EDSU plan activity:

(number of awards)                                                                                               2024                    2023
Executive deferred share units, beginning of year                                                             38,340                 65,498
Granted                                                                                                         2,671                  3,303
Reinvested                                                                                                        357                    888
Settled                                                                                                        (1,677)               (31,339)
Forfeited                                                                                                           —                     (10)
Executive deferred share units, end of year                                                                   39,691                 38,340


The fair value of EDSUs granted during 2024 was nominal (2023 – nominal).

Note 26. Employee Costs

Included in operating income are the following employee costs:

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                   2024                    2023
Wages, salaries and other short term employment benefits                                            $          7,887        $          7,595
Post-employment benefits(i) (ii) (note 24)                                                                       154                      152
Other long term employee benefits (note 24)                                                                       30                       52
Equity-based compensation                                                                                         64                       69
Capitalized to fixed assets and intangible assets                                                               (128)                    (133)
Total employee costs                                                                                $          8,007        $          7,735


(i) Includes $37 million (2023 – $32 million) of the Company’s contributions made in connection with defined contribution pension plans.
(ii) Includes $69 million (2023 – $69 million) of the of the Company’s contributions made in connection with the MEPPs, of which $68 million
     (2023 – $69 million) relates to CCWIPP.




                                                                     2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited        119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 27. Leases

 The Company leases certain of its retail stores, distribution centres, corporate offices, passenger vehicles, trailers
 and IT equipment. Leases of retail stores are a substantial portion of the Company’s lease portfolio. Retail store
 leases typically have an initial contractual period of 10 to 15 years with additional renewal options available
 thereafter.

 Right-of-Use Assets The following are continuities of the cost and accumulated depreciation of right-of-use assets
 for the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023:

                                                                     2024                               2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                          Property     Other      Total       Property         Other     Total
 Cost
 Balance, beginning of year                            $ 12,438 $      181 $ 12,619      $ 11,278 $            127 $ 11,405
 Lease additions, net of lease terminations                 612         17      629           284               29       313
 Lease extensions and other items                         1,056          (3)  1,053           961               25      986
 Retired leases                                              (49)        —       (49)          (85)              —       (85)
 Reclassification to asset held for sale (note 12)            (12)       —        (12)           —               —         —
 Balance, end of year                                  $ 14,045 $      195 $ 14,240      $ 12,438 $             181 $ 12,619
 Accumulated depreciation
 Balance, beginning of year                            $ 4,852 $       105 $ 4,957       $ 3,913                83 $ 3,996
 Depreciation                                            1,063          23   1,086         1,035                22   1,057
 Impairment losses, net of reversals (note 13)                7          —        7            (11)              —       (11)
 Retired leases                                             (49)         —      (49)          (85)               —      (85)
 Balance, end of year                                  $ 5,873 $       128 $ 6,001       $ 4,852 $             105 $ 4,957
 Carrying amount, end of year                          $ 8,172 $        67 $ 8,239       $ 7,586 $              76 $ 7,662



 Lease Liabilities The following are continuities of lease liabilities for the years ended December 28, 2024 and
 December 30, 2023:

 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                     2024               2023
 Balance, beginning of year                                                                  $     9,458         $      9,115
 Lease additions, net of lease terminations                                                           781                434
 Lease extensions and other items                                                                  1,044                 980
 Lease payments                                                                                    (1,501)             (1,441)
 Interest expense on lease liabilities (note 5)                                                       415                370
 Reclassification to asset held for sale (note 12)                                                     (14)                —
 Balance, end of year                                                                        $    10,183         $    9,458
 Lease liabilities due within one year                                                       $     1,648         $    1,455
 Lease liabilities                                                                                 8,535              8,003
 Total lease liabilities                                                                     $    10,183         $    9,458




120 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Liquidity The future undiscounted contractual lease obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                     As at                       As at
                                                 Due by year                           December 28, 2024       December 30, 2023
(millions of Canadian dollars)     2025   2026   2027    2028     2029   Thereafter                  Total                   Total
Lease obligations                $ 1,702 $ 1,487 $1,327 $ 1,067 $ 954 $ 3,383         $            9,920       $            9,219


As at December 28, 2024, the Company also had commitments of $589 million (December 30, 2023 – $741 million)
related to leases not yet commenced.

Short-Term Leases The Company has short-term leases that are primarily related to trailer rentals and certain
properties. During 2024, $44 million (2023 – $45 million) was recognized in cost of sales and SG&A.

Variable Lease Payments The Company makes variable lease payments for property tax and insurance charges
on leased properties. The Company also has certain retail store leases where portions of the lease payments are
contingent on a percentage of retail sales. During 2024, $417 million (2023 – $390 million) of variable lease
payments were recognized in SG&A.

Extension Options Substantially all of the retail store leases have extension options for additional lease terms. As
at December 28, 2024, approximately 24% (December 30, 2023 – 20%) of the lease liabilities are related to
extension options that were deemed reasonably certain to be exercised.

As at December 28, 2024, approximately $16 billion (December 30, 2023 – $16 billion) of discounted future lease
payments are related to extension options that were not deemed to be reasonably certain to be exercised and
were not included in lease liabilities. These future lease payments are discounted at the incremental borrowing
rates associated with the current lease liability profile.

Sale and Leaseback Transactions During 2024, the Company disposed of and leased back four retail properties
and two distribution centres (2023 – twenty-one retail properties and three distribution centres) for proceeds of
$335 million (2023 – $276 million), and recognized a gain of $58 million (2023 – gain of $38 million) in SG&A (see
note 32).

Financial Liabilities In 2023, the Company disposed of three retail properties for proceeds of $115 million. The
properties were subsequently leased back by the Company and the disposition did not meet the criteria for sale in
accordance with IFRS 15. The dispositions included two retail properties disposed to Choice Properties Real Estate
Investment Trust (“Choice Properties”) (see notes 21 and 32).

As at December 28, 2024, $12 million (December 30, 2023 – $11 million) was recorded in trade payables and other
liabilities and $180 million (December 30, 2023 – $179 million) was recorded in other liabilities for all properties
sold to date that did not meet the criteria for sale. During 2024, $14 million (2023 – $12 million) of interest expense
was recognized in net interest expense and other financing charges (see note 5) and repayments of $12 million
(2023 – $10 million) were made on the financial liabilities.




                                                                2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited    121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 28. Financial Instruments

 The following table presents the fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial assets and financial liabilities,
 excluding those that are classified as amortized cost that are short term in nature, and certain other assets for
 which the carrying value approximates fair value. The carrying values of the Company’s financial instruments
 approximate their fair values except for long term debt.

                                                                                       As at                                                  As at
                                                                          December 28, 2024                                      December 30, 2023
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                     Level 1     Level 2      Level 3        Total         Level 1     Level 2       Level 3        Total
 Financial assets
 Fair value through other
  comprehensive income:
   Long term securities                         $     120 $          — $          — $        120      $     201 $           — $          — $       201
   Derivatives included in
    prepaid expenses and
    other assets                                        —             1           —             1              —            8            —            8
 Fair value through profit
  and loss:
   Certain other assets(i)                              —            —           76           76               —            —           56           56
   Derivatives included in
    prepaid expenses and
    other assets                                        —             5           —             5              —            —            2            2
 Financial liabilities
 Amortized cost:
   Long term debt                               $       — $ 8,680 $              — $ 8,680            $        — $ 8,151 $              — $ 8,151
   Associate interest                                   —       —              255     255                     —      —               370    370
   Certain other liabilities(ii)                        —       —              301     301                     —      —               287    287
 Fair value through other
  comprehensive income:
   Derivatives included in trade
    payables and other
    liabilities                                         —            —            16           16              —            —             4            4
 Fair value through profit
  and loss:
   Derivatives included in trade
    payables and other
    liabilities                                         —            —             6            6               4            3           —             7


 (i) Certain other assets relate primarily to Venture Fund I and II (see note 32).
 (ii) Certain other liabilities relate primarily to financial liabilities associated with properties that did not meet the criteria for sale. (see note 13)

 There were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the years presented.

 During 2024, the Company recognized a gain of $8 million (2023 – loss of $3 million) in operating income on
 financial instruments designated as amortized cost. In addition, during 2024, a net gain of $37 million (2023 – net
 loss of $17 million) was recorded in earnings before income taxes related to financial instruments required to be
 classified as fair value through profit and loss.

 Securities Investments PC Bank holds investments which are considered part of the liquid securities required to
 be held to meet its Liquidity Coverage Ratio. These securities are classified as fair value through other
 comprehensive income and were included in long term securities and other assets on the consolidated balance
 sheets. During 2024, PC Bank recorded an unrealized fair value gain of $1 million (2023 - gain of $1 million) in other
 comprehensive income related to these investments.



122 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Other Derivatives The Company uses bond forwards, interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forwards to
mitigate the impact of increases in interest rates and manage its anticipated exposure to exchange rates on its
underlying operations and anticipated fixed asset purchases. The Company also uses swaps, futures, options and
forward contracts to manage its anticipated exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices and exchange rates in its
underlying operations. The following is a summary of the fair values recognized in the consolidated balance sheets
and the net realized and unrealized gains (losses) before income taxes related to the Company’s other derivatives:
                                                                                                                                December 28, 2024
                                                                                                                                            Gain/(loss)
                                                                                                            Net asset/       Gain/(loss)   recorded in
                                                                                                              (liability)     recorded       operating
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                               fair value          in OCI        income
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
Foreign Exchange Forwards(i)                                                                            $            1 $             (1) $              1
Bond Forwards(ii)                                                                                                   —                4                (3)
Interest Rate Swaps(iii)                                                                                            —                (1)                1
Energy Hedge(iv)                                                                                                   (15)            (12)               —
Total derivatives designated as cash flow hedges                                                        $          (14) $          (10) $              (1)
Derivatives not designated in a formal hedging relationship
Foreign Exchange and Other Forwards                                                                     $             5 $           — $              26
Other Non-Financial Derivatives                                                                                      —              —                 2
Total derivatives not designated in a formal hedging relationship                                       $             5 $           — $              28
Total derivatives                                                                                       $            (9) $         (10) $            27
(i) PC Bank uses foreign exchange forwards, with a notional value of $11 million USD, to manage its foreign exchange risk related to certain U.S.
    payables. The fair value of the derivatives is included in prepaid expenses and other assets.
(ii) The Company uses bond forwards to manage its interest risk related to future debt issuances. During 2024, PC Bank settled all of its
     outstanding bond forwards.
(iii) PC Bank uses interest rate swaps, with a notional value of $180 million, to mitigate the impact of increases in interest rates. The fair value of
      the derivatives is included in prepaid expenses and other assets.
(iv) In 2023, the Company entered into a 20 year arrangement to hedge energy pricing on its purchases in Alberta beginning on January 1,
     2025. The hedge has a notional value of $223 million. The fair value of the derivative is included in other liabilities.
                                                                                                                                December 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                              Gain/(loss)
                                                                                                            Net asset/       Gain/(loss)     recorded in
                                                                                                              (liability)     recorded         operating
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                               fair value          in OCI          income
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
Foreign Exchange Forwards(i)                                                                              $           7 $            (2) $             2
Bond Forwards(ii)                                                                                                    —                11              (4)
Interest Rate Swaps(iii)                                                                                              1              —                 2
Energy Hedge(iv)                                                                                                     (4)             (4)              —
Total derivatives designated as cash flow hedges                                                          $           4 $             5 $             —
Derivatives not designated in a formal hedging relationship
Foreign Exchange and Other Forwards                                                                       $          (3) $           — $              (4)
Other Non-Financial Derivatives                                                                                      (4)             —                 (7)
Total derivatives not designated in a formal hedging relationship                                         $          (7) $           — $              (11)
Total derivatives                                                                                         $          (3) $           5 $              (11)
(i) PC Bank uses foreign exchange forwards, with a notional value of $9 million USD, to manage its foreign exchange risk related to certain U.S.
    payables. The fair value of the derivatives is included in prepaid expenses and other assets.
(ii) The Company uses bond forwards to manage its interest risk related to future debt issuances. During 2023, PC Bank settled all of its
     outstanding bond forwards.
(iii) PC Bank uses interest rate swaps, with notional value of $180 million to mitigate the impact of increases in interest rate. The fair value of the
      derivatives is included in prepaid expenses and other assets.
(iv) In 2023, the Company entered into a 20 year arrangement to hedge energy pricing on its purchases in Alberta beginning on January 1,
     2025. The hedge has a notional value of $223 million. The fair value of the derivative is included in trade payables and other liabilities.




                                                                        2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited              123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 29. Financial Risk Management

 As a result of holding and issuing financial instruments, the Company is exposed to liquidity, credit and market risk.
 The following is a description of those risks and how the exposures are managed:

 Liquidity Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company is unable to generate or obtain sufficient cash or its equivalents
 in a cost effective manner to fund its obligations as they come due. The Company is exposed to liquidity risk
 through, among other areas, PC Bank, which requires a reliable source of funding for its credit card business.
 PC Bank relies on its securitization programs, demand deposits from customers and the acceptance of GIC
 deposits to fund the receivables of its credit cards. The Company would experience liquidity risks if it fails to
 maintain appropriate levels of cash and short-term investments, is unable to access sources of funding or fails to
 appropriately diversify sources of funding. If any of these events were to occur, they could adversely affect the
 financial performance of the Company.

 Liquidity risk is mitigated by maintaining appropriate levels of cash and cash equivalents and short term
 investments, actively monitoring market conditions, and by diversifying sources of funding, including the
 Company’s committed credit facilities, and maintaining a well diversified maturity profile of debt and capital
 obligations.

 The following are the undiscounted contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities (excluding lease liabilities
 - see note 27) as at December 28, 2024:

                                                                   2025        2026       2027       2028       2029     Thereafter         Total
 Derivative financial liabilities
 Foreign exchange forward contracts                             $ 310 $          — $         — $        — $        — $            — $         310
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
 Trade payables and other liabilities                            7,531      —      —      —        —       —     7,531
 Demand deposits from customers                                   353       —      —      —        —       —      353
 Short term debt (note 10)                                        800       —      —      —        —       —      800
 Associate interest                                               255       —      —      —        —       —      255
 Financial liabilities (note 27)                                    13     12     12      12      13      141     203
 Long term debt including interest payments(i)                    996     913  1,587  1,503    1,449   5,640   12,088
 Other liabilities                                                   3      —      —      —        —       —         3
 Total                                                          $10,261 $ 925 $1,599 $ 1,515 $ 1,462 $ 5,781 $ 21,543
 (i) Fixed interest payments are based on the maturing face values and annual interest for each instrument, including GICs, long term
     independent securitization trusts and an independent funding trust, as well as annual payment obligations for structured entities. Variable
     interest payments are based on the forward rates as at December 28, 2024.




124 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Credit The Company is exposed to credit risk resulting from the possibility that counterparties could default on
their financial obligations to the Company, including derivative instruments, cash and cash equivalents, short term
investments, security deposits, PC Bank’s credit card receivables, finance lease receivable, pension assets held in
the Company’s defined benefit plans and accounts receivable, including amounts due from government and third-
party drug plans arising from prescription drug sales, independent accounts and amounts owed from vendors.
Failure to manage credit risk could adversely affect the financial performance of the Company.

The risk related to derivative instruments, cash and cash equivalents and short term investments is reduced by
policies and guidelines that require that the Company enters into transactions only with counterparties or issuers
that have a minimum long term “A-” credit rating from a recognized credit rating agency and place minimum and
maximum limits for exposures to specific counterparties and instruments.

PC Bank manages its credit card receivable risk by employing stringent credit scoring techniques, actively
monitoring the credit card portfolio and reviewing techniques and technology that can improve the effectiveness of
the collection process. In addition, these receivables are dispersed among a large, diversified group of credit card
customers.

Finance lease receivable and accounts receivable, including amounts due from governments and third-party drug
plans arising from prescription drug sales, independent accounts and amounts owed from vendors and tenants, are
actively monitored on an ongoing basis and settled on a frequent basis in accordance with the terms specified in
the applicable agreements.

Interest Rates The Company is exposed to interest rate risk from fluctuations in interest rates on its floating rate
debt and from the refinancing of existing financial instruments. An increase in interest rates could adversely affect
the operations or financial performance of the Company. The Company manages interest rate risk by monitoring
the respective mix of fixed and floating rate debt and by taking action as necessary to maintain an appropriate
balance considering current market conditions, with the objective of maintaining the majority of its debt at fixed
interest rates. The Company estimates that a 1% increase (decrease) in short term interest rates, with all other
variables held constant, would result in an (decrease) increase of ($4) million to net interest expense and other
financing charges.

Currency Exchange Rates The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate variability, primarily on its
U.S. dollar denominated purchases in trade payables and other liabilities. A depreciating Canadian dollar relative to
the U.S. dollar will have a negative impact on year-over-year changes in reported operating income and net
earnings, while an appreciating Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar will have the opposite impact. To manage
a portion of this exposure, the Company uses derivative instruments in the form of futures contracts and forward
contracts to minimize cost volatility related to foreign exchange.

Commodity Prices The Company is exposed to increases in the prices of commodities in operating its stores and
distribution networks, as well as to the indirect effect of changing commodity prices on the price of consumer
products. Rising commodity prices could adversely affect the financial performance of the Company. To manage a
portion of this exposure, the Company uses purchase commitments and derivative instruments in the form of
exchange traded futures contracts and forward contracts to minimize cost volatility related to commodities. The
Company estimates that based on the outstanding derivative contracts held by the Company as at December 28,
2024, a 10% decrease in relevant commodity prices, with all other variables held constant, would result in a loss of
$5 million on earnings before income taxes.




                                                        2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 30. Contingent Liabilities

 In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in and potentially subject to, legal actions and
 proceedings. In addition, the Company is subject to tax audits from various tax authorities on an ongoing basis. As
 a result, from time to time, tax authorities may disagree with the positions and conclusions taken by the Company in
 its tax filings or legislation could be amended or interpretations of current legislation could change, any of which
 events could lead to reassessments.

 There are a number of uncertainties involved in such matters, individually or in aggregate, and as such, there is a
 possibility that the ultimate resolution of these matters may result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s
 reputation, operations, financial condition or performance in future periods. It is not currently possible to predict the
 outcome of the Company’s legal actions and proceedings with certainty. Management regularly assesses its
 position on the adequacy of accruals or provisions related to such matters and will make any necessary
 adjustments.

 The following is a description of the Company’s significant legal proceedings:

 Shoppers Drug Mart was previously served with an Amended Statement of Claim in a class action proceeding that
 has been filed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice (“Superior Court”) by licensed Associates (“Associates”),
 claiming various declarations and damages resulting from Shoppers Drug Mart’s alleged breaches of the Associate
 Agreement. The class action comprises all of Shoppers Drug Mart’s current and former licensed Associates
 residing in Canada, other than in Québec, who were parties to Shoppers Drug Mart’s 2002 and 2010 forms of the
 Associate Agreement. On July 9, 2013, the Superior Court certified as a class proceeding portions of the action. A
 summary judgment trial of the matter was held in December 2022 and on February 17, 2023, the Superior Court
 released its decision in relation to those summary judgment motions (the “Decision”). The Superior Court dismissed
 the plaintiffs’ claims on the majority of the issues including a request for damages at this stage of proceedings. The
 Superior Court also held that Shoppers Drug Mart breached the 2002 form of Associate Agreement when it did not
 remit certain amounts that it received from generic drug manufacturers to Associates. On March 20, 2023, the
 plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal and on April 4, 2023, the Company filed a Notice of Cross-Appeal. A hearing for
 the appeals was held on February 14, 2024 and on February 15, 2024. On August 29, 2024, the Court of Appeal
 dismissed both the appeal and cross appeal, with the exception that the plaintiff’s appeal was allowed to correct
 the amount Shoppers Drug Mart received in professional allowances during the class period. Accordingly, the
 Company has not recorded any amounts related to the potential liability associated with this lawsuit. The Company
 does not believe that the ultimate resolution of this matter will have a material adverse impact on its financial
 condition or prospects.

 In 2017, the Company and Weston announced actions taken to address their role in an industry-wide price-fixing
 arrangement involving certain packaged bread products. The arrangement involved the coordination of retail and
 wholesale prices of certain packaged bread products over a period extending from late 2001 to March 2015. Under
 the arrangement, the participants regularly increased prices on a coordinated basis. Class action lawsuits were
 commenced against the Company and Weston as well as a number of other major grocery retailers and another
 bread wholesaler. On July 24, 2024, the Company and Weston entered into binding Minutes of Settlement and on
 January 31, 2025, the Company and Weston entered into a Settlement Agreement with the lawyers representing
 consumers to settle those class action lawsuits for $500 million. The Company and Weston will each pay for a
 portion of the settlement, with Loblaw paying $253 million and Weston paying $247 million. The Company will
 receive credit for the $96 million it previously paid to customers in the form of Loblaw cards, resulting in it being
 required to pay $157 million in cash towards the settlement. The Settlement Agreement is subject to the approval of
 the courts. As a result of admission of participation in the arrangement and cooperation in the Competition
 Bureau’s investigation, the Company and Weston will not face criminal charges or penalties. In response to such
 class action lawsuits, certain major grocery retailers have crossclaimed against the Company and Weston, and the
 Company and Weston believe such crossclaims are without merit.




126 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
In August 2018, the Province of British Columbia filed a class action against numerous opioid manufacturers and
distributors, including the Company and its subsidiaries, Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. and Sanis Health Inc. The claim
contains allegations of breach of the Competition Act, fraudulent misrepresentation and deceit and negligence, and
seeks unquantified damages for the expenses incurred by the federal government, provinces, and territories of
Canada in paying for opioid prescriptions and other healthcare costs related to opioid addiction and abuse in
Canada. During the second quarter of 2021, the claim against Loblaw Companies Limited was discontinued. In May
2019, two further opioid-related class actions were commenced in each of Ontario and Quebec against a large
group of defendants, including Sanis Health Inc. In February 2022, the plaintiff and Sanis Health Inc. agreed to
settle the Quebec action for a nominal amount, with no admission of liability and for the express purpose of
avoiding the delays, disruption, and expenses associated with the litigation. The settlement has been approved by
the court and is now final. On December 12, 2024, the Ontario action was dismissed against Sanis Health Inc., with
costs. In December 2019, a further opioid-related class action was commenced in British Columbia against a large
group of defendants, including Sanis Health Inc., Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. and the Company. The allegations in the
civil British Columbia class action are similar to the allegations against manufacturer defendants in the Province of
British Columbia class action, except that the December 2019 claim seeks recovery of damages on behalf of opioid
users directly. In April 2021, the Company, Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. and Sanis Health Inc. were served with another
opioid-related class action that was started in Alberta against multiple defendants. The claim seeks damages on
behalf of municipalities and local governments in relation to public safety, social service, and criminal justice costs
allegedly incurred due to the opioid crisis. In September 2021, the Company, Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. and Sanis
Health Inc. were served with a class action started in Saskatchewan by Peter Ballantyne Cree Nation and Lac La
Ronge Indian Band on behalf of all Indigenous, Metis, First Nation and Inuit communities and governments in
Canada to recover costs they have incurred as a result of the opioid crisis, including healthcare costs, policing
costs and societal costs. In October 2024, the claim was discontinued against Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. In January
2024, Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. was served with a second class action in Saskatchewan started by Lac La Ronge
Indian Band. The case is brought on behalf of Band members and is claiming damages relating to abatement costs,
the diversion of financial and other resources, the reduction in the value of the reserve lands and interests, and lost
tax revenues. Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. is being sued as a representative of an international defendant subclass of
opioid “dealers” and Sanis Health Inc. is a proposed supplier class member. The Company believes these
proceedings are without merit and is vigorously defending them. The Company does not currently have any
significant accruals or provisions for these matters recorded in the consolidated financial statements.

In 2022, the Tax Court of Canada (“Tax Court”) released a decision relating to PC Bank, a subsidiary of the
Company. The Tax Court ruled that PC Bank is not entitled to claim notional input tax credits for certain payments it
made to Loblaws Inc. in respect of redemptions of loyalty points. PC Bank subsequently filed a Notice of Appeal
with the Federal Court of Appeal (“FCA”) and in March 2024, the matter was heard by the FCA. In the third quarter
of 2024, the FCA released its decision and reversed the decision of the Tax Court. As a result, PC Bank reversed
charges of $155 million, including $111 million initially recorded in 2022 (note 17). In addition, $10 million was
recorded related to interest income on cash tax refunds. Certain taxation years subsequent to the periods covered
by the FCA decision remain under review by the tax authorities.

Indemnification Provisions The Company from time to time enters into agreements in the normal course of its
business, such as service and outsourcing arrangements, lease agreements in connection with business or asset
acquisitions or dispositions, and other types of commercial agreements. These agreements by their nature may
provide for indemnification of counterparties. These indemnification provisions may be in connection with breaches
of representations and warranties or in respect of future claims for certain liabilities, including liabilities related to
tax and environmental matters. The terms of these indemnification provisions vary in duration and may extend for
an unlimited period of time. In addition, the terms of these indemnification provisions vary in amount and certain
indemnification provisions do not provide for a maximum potential indemnification amount. Indemnity amounts are
dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at
this time. As a result, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate its total maximum potential liability in respect
of indemnification provisions. Historically, the Company has not made any significant payments in connection with
these indemnification provisions.




                                                          2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 31. Financial Guarantees

 The Company established letters of credit used in connection with certain obligations mainly related to real estate
 transactions, benefit programs, purchase orders and guarantees with a gross potential liability of approximately
 $324 million as at December 28, 2024 (December 30, 2023 – $301 million). In addition, the Company has provided
 to third parties the following significant guarantees:

 Associate Guarantees The Company has arranged for its Associates to obtain financing to facilitate their inventory
 purchases and fund their working capital requirements by providing guarantees to various Canadian chartered
 banks that support Associate loans. As at December 28, 2024, the Company’s maximum obligation in respect of
 such guarantees was $580 million (December 30, 2023 – $580 million) with an aggregate amount of $476 million
 (December 30, 2023 – $476 million) in available lines of credit allocated to the Associates by the various banks. As
 at December 28, 2024, Associates had drawn a nominal amount (December 30, 2023 – $13 million) against these
 available lines of credit. Any amounts drawn by the Associates are included in bank indebtedness on the
 Company’s consolidated balance sheets. As recourse, in the event that any payments are made under the
 guarantees, the Company holds a first-ranking security interest on all assets of Associates, subject to certain prior-
 ranking statutory claims.

 Independent Funding Trusts The full balance relating to the debt of the independent funding trusts has been
 consolidated on the balance sheets of the Company (see note 20). As at December 28, 2024 the Company has
 agreed to provide a credit enhancement of $64 million (December 30, 2023 – $64 million) in the form of a standby
 letter of credit for the benefit of the independent funding trusts representing not less than 10% (December 30, 2023
 – not less than 10%) of the principal amount of loans outstanding. This credit enhancement allows the independent
 funding trusts to provide financing to the Company’s franchisees. As well, each franchisee provides security to the
 independent funding trusts for its obligations by way of a general security agreement. In the event that a franchisee
 defaults on its loan and the Company has not, within a specified time period, assumed the loan, or the default is not
 otherwise remedied, the independent funding trusts would assign the loan to the Company and draw upon this
 standby letter of credit. This standby letter of credit has never been drawn upon. The Company has agreed to
 reimburse the issuing bank for any amount drawn on the standby letter of credit.
 Lease Obligations In connection with historical dispositions of certain of its assets, the Company has assigned
 leases to third parties. The Company remains contingently liable for these lease obligations in the event any of the
 assignees are in default of their lease obligations. The Company has guaranteed lease obligations of a third party
 distributor in the amount of $2 million (December 30, 2023 – $3 million).

 Cash Collateralization As at December 28, 2024, the Company had agreements to cash collateralize certain of its
 uncommitted credit facilities up to an amount of $94 million (December 30, 2023 – $93 million), of which a nominal
 amount (December 30, 2023 – nominal) was deposited with major financial institutions and classified as security
 deposits, which is included in other assets.

 Financial Services The Company has provided a guarantee on behalf of PC Bank to Mastercard International
 Incorporated (“Mastercard”) for accepting PC Bank as a card member and licensee of Mastercard. As at December
 28, 2024, the guarantee on behalf of PC Bank to Mastercard was $190 million USD (December 30, 2023 –
 $190 million USD).

 Letters of credit for the benefit of independent securitization trusts with respect to the securitization programs of
 PC Bank have been issued by major financial institutions. These standby letters of credit can be drawn upon in the
 event of a major decline in the income flow from or in the value of the securitized credit card receivables. The
 Company has agreed to reimburse the issuing banks for any amount drawn on the standby letters of credit. The
 aggregate gross potential liability under these arrangements for the Other Independent Securitization Trusts was
 $72 million (December 30, 2023 – $77 million), which represented approximately 9% (December 30, 2023 – 9%) of
 the securitized credit card receivables amount (see note 10).




128 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Note 32. Related Party Transactions

The Company’s controlling shareholder is Weston, which owns, directly and indirectly, 158,853,468 of the
Company’s common shares, representing approximately 52.6% of the Company’s outstanding common shares.
Galen G. Weston beneficially owns or controls, directly and indirectly, including through Wittington, a total of
76,697,812 of Weston’s common shares, representing approximately 59.0% of Weston’s outstanding common
shares. Galen G. Weston also beneficially owns 473,636 of the Company’s common shares, representing
approximately 0.2% of the Company’s outstanding common shares.

Weston is the controlling shareholder of Choice Properties. Therefore, Choice Properties is a related party by virtue
of common control. As at December 28, 2024, Weston’s ownership interest in Choice Properties was
approximately 61.7% (December 30, 2023 – 61.7%). The Company is Choice Properties’ largest tenant, representing
approximately 57.7% (December 30, 2023– 57.1%) of Choice Properties’ rental revenue as at December 28, 2024.

Transactions with Related Parties

                                                                                                                  Transaction Value

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                       2024                2023
Included in cost of sales
  Inventory purchases from a related party(i)                                                                $           —       $           41
Operating income
  Transactions with Weston and Wittington
  Cost sharing agreements with Weston(ii)                                                                    $          56       $          58
  Net administrative services provided by Weston(iii)                                                                   23                  19
  Lease payments to Wittington                                                                                           1                   1
  Transactions with Choice Properties
  Lease payments to Choice Properties(iv)                                                                    $        797        $        763
  Lease surrender payments received from Choice Properties                                                              —                   (8)
  Site intensification payments received from Choice Properties                                                        (4)                 (17)
Equity transactions with Weston
  Dividends declared on common shares                                                                        $         319       $        290


(i) Associated British Foods plc. was not a related party of the Company during 2024. In 2023, Associated British Foods plc. was a related party
    by virtue of a common director of such entity’s parent company and Wittington.
(ii) The Company and Weston have each entered into certain contracts with third parties for administrative and corporate services, including
     telecommunication services and IT related matters on behalf of itself and the related party. Through cost sharing agreements that have been
     established between the Company and Weston concerning these costs, the Company has agreed to be responsible to Weston for the
     Company’s proportionate share of the total costs incurred.
(iii) The Company and Weston have entered into an agreement whereby certain administrative services are provided by one party to the other.
      The services to be provided under this agreement include those related to commodity management, information systems, risk management,
      treasury, certain accounting functions and legal. Payments are made quarterly based on the actual costs of providing these services. Where
      services are provided on a joint basis for the benefit of the Company and Weston together, each party pays the appropriate proportion of
      the costs.
(iv) During 2024, lease payments paid to Choice Properties included base rent of $548 million (2023 – $534 million) and operating expenses of
     $249 million (2023 – $229 million).




                                                                    2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited         129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 The net balances due to (from) related parties are comprised as follows:

                                                                                                        As at                      As at
 (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                            December 28, 2024          December 30, 2023
 Weston(i)                                                                                 $                 97      $                   13
 Choice Properties                                                                                          (16)                        (31)



 (i) Balances relate to trade payables and other liabilities due to Weston, including dividends declared on common shares, net of receivables
     from Weston.

 Other Transactions and Agreements with Choice Properties
 Strategic Alliance Agreement The Strategic Alliance Agreement established on the initial public offering (“IPO”) of
 Choice Properties creates a series of rights and obligations between Choice Properties and the Company, intended
 to establish a preferential and mutually beneficial business and operating relationship. The Strategic Alliance
 Agreement will expire on the earlier of July 5, 2033 or the date on which Weston and its affiliates own less than
 50% effective interest in Choice Properties (on a fully diluted basis).

 Commitments The following is a summary of the Company’s future undiscounted contractual lease payments to
 Choice Properties:
                                                                                                            As at                     As at
                                           Payments due by year                                December 28, 2024         December 30, 2023
  (millions of Canadian dollars)    2025   2026    2027     2028      2029    Thereafter                    Total                     Total
  Lease payments                   $ 629 $ 572 $ 524 $ 427 $ 377 $ 1,309                       $          3,838      $              3,880



 Financial Liabilities with Choice Properties In 2023, the Company disposed of two retail properties to Choice
 Properties for proceeds of $86 million. The properties were subsequently leased back by the Company. The
 transactions did not meet the criteria for sale in accordance with IFRS 15 as the Company did not relinquish control
 of the properties under the terms of the leases (see note 27).

 Sale and Leaseback Transactions with Choice Properties Of the properties disposed of in 2024, the Company
 sold one property (2023 – four properties) to Choice Properties and four properties (2023 – nil) to a joint
 arrangement between a third party and Choice Properties for proceeds of $316 million (2023 – $92 million) and
 recognized a gain of $54 million (2023 – gain of $11 million). All (2023 – all) of these properties were leased back
 by the Company (see note 27).




130 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Other Transactions

Venture Fund During 2020, Loblaw, Weston and a wholly owned subsidiary of Wittington became limited partners
in a limited partnership formed by Wittington (“Venture Fund I”). A wholly owned subsidiary of Wittington is the
general partner of the Venture Fund, which hired an external fund manager to oversee it. The purpose of the
Venture Fund I is to pursue venture capital investing in innovative businesses that are in technology-oriented
companies at all stages of the start-up life cycle that operate in commerce, healthcare, and food sectors and are
based in North America. Each of the three limited partners have 33% interest in the Venture Fund I. The Company
has a total capital commitment of $33 million over a 10-year period.

During 2022, Loblaw became a limited partner in another limited partnership formed by Wittington (“Venture Fund
II”). A wholly owned subsidiary of Wittington is also the general partner of Venture Fund II, and the purpose of
Venture Fund II is consistent with Venture Fund I. The Company has a 50% interest in Venture Fund II and has a
total capital commitment of $60 million over a 10-year period.

Post-Employment Benefit Plans The Company sponsors a number of post-employment plans, which are related
parties. Contributions made by the Company to these plans are disclosed in note 24 to the consolidated financial
statements.

Income Tax Matters From time to time, the Company, Weston and its affiliates may enter into agreements to make
elections that are permitted or required under applicable income tax legislation with respect to affiliated
corporations.

Key Management Personnel The Company’s key management personnel are comprised of the Board and certain
members of the executive team of the Company, as well as both the Board and certain members of the executive
team of Weston and Wittington to the extent that they have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing
and controlling the day-to-day activities of the Company.

Compensation of Key Management Personnel Annual compensation of key management personnel that is
directly attributable to the Company was as follows:

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                     2024              2023
Salaries, director fees and other short term employee benefits                             $         10      $           13
Equity-based compensation                                                                             8                   8
Total compensation                                                                         $         18      $           21


Other transactions with related parties, as defined by IFRS Accounting Standards, were not significant during the
year.




                                                        2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited   131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 33. Segment Information

 The Company has two reportable operating segments, with all material operations carried out in Canada:
 •       The Retail segment consists primarily of corporate and franchise-owned retail food and Associate-owned drug
         stores, and includes in-store pharmacies, health care services, other health and beauty products, apparel and
         other general merchandise. This segment is comprised of several operating segments that are aggregated
         primarily due to similarities in the nature of products and services offered for sale in the retail operations and
         the customer base; and
 •       The Financial Services segment provides credit card and everyday banking services, the PC Optimum loyalty
         program, insurance brokerage services, and telecommunication services.
 The Company’s chief operating decision maker evaluates segment performance on the basis of adjusted operating
 income before depreciation and amortization (“adjusted EBITDA”), as reported to internal management, on a
 periodic basis.

 Information for each reportable operating segment is included below:

                                                                                              2024                                                                          2023
                                                                   Total                                                                       Total
                                                 Financial      Segment         Elimi-                                        Financial     Segment         Elimi-
  (millions of Canadian dollars)        Retail   Services       Measure      nations(i)            Total               Retail Services      Measure      nations(i)           Total
  Revenue(ii)                      $59,786 $1,586 $ 61,372 $ (358) $ 61,014                                    $58,345 $1,540 $59,885 $ (356) $59,529
  Cost of sales                     41,065    223 41,288        — 41,288                                        40,262    230 40,492       — 40,492
  Gross profit                       18,721 1,363 20,084     (358) 19,726                                       18,083 1,310 19,393     (356) 19,037
  Operating income                 $ 3,465 $ 437 $ 3,902 $      — $ 3,902                                      $ 3,500 $ 204 $ 3,704 $     — $ 3,704
  Net interest expense
   and other financing
   charges (note 5)                      683          138              821         —               821                 660            143      803              —            803
  Earnings before
   income taxes                    $ 2,782 $ 299 $ 3,081 $                         — $ 3,081                   $ 2,840 $ 61 $ 2,901 $                           — $ 2,901
  Operating income                 $ 3,465 $ 437 $ 3,902 $                         — $ 3,902                   $ 3,500 $ 204 $ 3,704 $                          — $ 3,704
  Depreciation and
   amortization                      2,916     50  2,966                                                         2,848    58   2,906
                          (iii)
  Adjusting items                      281   (125)   156                                                            13    24      37
  Adjusted EBITDA(iii)             $ 6,662 $ 362 $ 7,024                                                       $ 6,361 $ 286 $ 6,647


 (i)     Eliminations include intercompany revenue related to PC® Mastercard® loyalty awards in the Financial Services segment.
 (ii)    Included in Financial Services revenue is $663 million (2023 – $634 million) of interest income.
 (iii)   Certain items are excluded from operating income to derive adjusted EBITDA.
                                                                                                                            2024                                           2023
                                                                                                                       (52 weeks)                                     (52 weeks)
                                                                                                                              Total                                          Total
         For the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023                                       Financial       Segment                       Financial        Segment
         (millions of Canadian dollars)                                                   Retail           Services        Measure          Retail       Services         Measure

          Charges related to settlement of class action lawsuits                     $    164        $           —     $      164       $     —      $         —      $        —
          PC Optimum loyalty program                                                       99                   30            129             —                —               —
          Fair value write-down related to sale of Wellwise                                23                    —             23             —                —               —
          Fair value adjustment on non-operating properties(1)                               3                   —               3             9               —                9
                                                         (1)
          Gain on sale of non-operating properties                                          (3)                  —              (3)          (12)              —              (12)
          Fair value adjustment on fuel and foreign currency contracts                      (5)                  —              (5)           16               —               16
         (Recoveries) Charge related to PC Bank
           commodity tax matters                                                             —                (155)          (155)            —               24              24
         Adjusting items                                                             $    281        $        (125) $         156       $     13     $        24      $       37


         (1)   The fair value adjustment and gain on sale of non-operating properties relates to the Company’s investment properties.




132 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
The Company’s revenue, by type of goods or services, is reconciled to the Company’s segment revenue:

(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                         2024               2023
Food retail                                                                                                   $     42,166        $      41,188
Drug retail                                                                                                         17,620               17,157
Retail total                                                                                                  $     59,786        $     58,345
Financial Services                                                                                                    1,586               1,540
Eliminations(i)                                                                                                        (358)               (356)
Total                                                                                                         $      61,014       $     59,529


(i) Eliminations include the reclassification of revenue related to PC® Mastercard® loyalty awards in the Financial Services segment.



                                                                                                          As at                        As at
(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                               December 28, 2024            December 30, 2023
Total assets
Retail                                                                                       $             34,585         $             32,870
Financial Services                                                                                          6,295                        6,109
                                                                                             $             40,880         $             38,979




(millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                         2024               2023
Additions to fixed assets and intangible assets
Retail                                                                                                        $      2,160        $      2,069
Financial Services                                                                                                      40                  40
                                                                                                              $      2,200        $      2,109




                                                                      2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited        133
Three Year Summary(1)
 As at or for the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022
 (millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                                     2024          2023           2022
 Consolidated Results of Operations
 Revenue                                                                                      $ 61,014       $ 59,529       $ 56,504
 Revenue growth                                                                                      2.5 %          5.4 %          6.3 %
 Operating income                                                                             $   3,902      $   3,704     $    3,342
 Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                               7,024          6,647           6,181
 Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                                          11.5 %          11.2 %        10.9 %
 Net interest expense and other financing charges                                             $     821      $     803     $      683
 Adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges(2)                                       831            803            694
 Net earnings                                                                                     2,275           2,187         1,994
 Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company                                          2,171         2,100           1,921
 Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company                                     2,155          2,088          1,909
 Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
  of the Company(2)                                                                               2,637          2,480          2,263
 Consolidated Per Common Share ($)
 Diluted net earnings                                                                         $    6.99      $    6.52      $    5.75
 Adjusted diluted net earnings(2)                                                             $    8.55      $    7.75      $    6.82
 Consolidated Financial Position and Cash Flows
 Cash and cash equivalents and short term investments                                         $    2,110     $   1,952      $   1,934
 Cash flows from operating activities                                                             5,802          5,654          4,755
 Capital investments                                                                              2,200          2,109           1,571
 Free cash flow(2)                                                                                 1,671         1,700          1,528
 Financial Measures
 Retail debt to retail adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                            2.4 x         2.3 x          2.4 x
 Adjusted return on equity(2)                                                                      23.6 %         22.2 %         20.2 %
 Adjusted return on capital(2)                                                                      11.8 %         11.5 %        10.8 %




134 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Three Year Summary(1)
As at or for the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022
(millions of Canadian dollars except where otherwise indicated)                                    2024             2023               2022
Retail Results of Operations
Sales                                                                                        $ 59,786       $ 58,345    $ 55,492
Operating income                                                                                3,465          3,500       3,260
Gross profit(2)                                                                                 18,721        18,083       17,165
Gross profit %(2)                                                                                 31.3 %         31.0 %      30.9 %
Adjusted EBITDA(2)                                                                           $ 6,662        $   6,361   $ 5,939
Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)                                                                          11.1 %        10.9 %       10.7 %
Depreciation and amortization                                                                $ 2,916        $ 2,848     $ 2,746
Retail Operating Statistics
Food retail same-store sales growth                                                                 1.5 %           3.9 %           4.7 %
Drug retail same-store sales growth                                                                2.4 %            5.4 %           6.9 %
Drug retail same-store pharmacy and healthcare services sales growth                               6.3 %            6.8 %           5.7 %
Drug retail same-store front store sales (decline)/growth                                          (1.3)%           4.2 %           8.2 %
Total retail square footage (in millions)                                                         72.0             71.2            71.2
Number of corporate stores                                                                        603              569             547
Number of franchise stores                                                                        528              535             551
Number of Associate-owned drug stores                                                            1,361            1,351          1,346
Financial Services Results of Operations
Revenue                                                                                      $   1,586      $    1,540      $    1,338
Earnings (losses) before income taxes                                                              299              61               (2)
Financial Services Operating Measures and Statistics
Average quarterly net credit card receivables                                                $   4,010      $   3,950    $      3,607
Credit card receivables                                                                          4,230           4,132          3,954
Allowance for credit card receivables                                                              263            256             206
Annualized yield on average quarterly gross credit card receivables                                14.3 %         13.9 %          13.0 %
Annualized credit loss rate on average quarterly gross credit card
  receivables                                                                                      4.5 %            3.8 %              2.7 %




Three Year Summary Endnotes

(1)   For financial definitions and ratios refer to the Glossary of Terms section included within the Company’s 2024 Annual Report.
(2)   See Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the reconciliation
      of such non-GAAP and other financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.




                                                                      2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited    135
Glossary of Terms
 Term                                                        Definition

 Adjusted diluted net earnings per common share              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders including the effects of all dilutive instruments divided by the
                                                             diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other
                                                             Financial Measures” of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis).

 Adjusted EBITDA                                             Adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures”
                                                             of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis).
 Adjusted EBITDA margin                                      Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s
                                                             Management’s Discussion and Analysis).
 Adjusted income tax                                         Income taxes adjusted for the tax impact of items included in adjusted operating income less adjusted net interest and other
                                                             financing charges (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s Management’s Discussion
                                                             and Analysis).

 Adjusted effective tax rate                                 Adjusted income taxes divided by adjusted operating income less adjusted net interest and other financing charges (see
                                                             Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis).
 Adjusted net earnings attributable to shareholders of the   Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company adjusted for items that are not necessarily reflective of the
 Company                                                     Company’s underlying operating performance (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s
                                                             Management’s Discussion and Analysis).

 Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of   Adjusted net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company less preferred dividends and the impact of the
 the Company                                                 redemption of these shares (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s Management’s
                                                             Discussion and Analysis).
 Adjusted net interest expense and other financing charges   Net interest expense and other financing charges adjusted for items that are not necessarily reflective of the Company’s
                                                             ongoing net financing costs (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s Management’s
                                                             Discussion and Analysis).

 Adjusted operating income                                   Operating income adjusted for items that are not necessarily reflective of the Company’s underlying operating performance
                                                             (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis).
 Adjusted return on capital                                  Tax-effected adjusted operating income divided by average capital (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial
                                                             Measures” of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis).

 Adjusted return on equity                                   Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company divided by average total equity attributable to
                                                             common shareholders of the Company (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s
                                                             Management’s Discussion and Analysis).

 Annualized credit loss rate on average quarterly gross      Total credit card losses year-to-date divided by the number of days year-to-date times 365 divided by average quarterly
 credit card receivables                                     gross credit card receivables.
 Annualized yield on average quarterly gross credit card     Interest earned on credit card receivables year-to-date divided by the number of days year-to-date times 365 divided by
 receivables                                                 average quarterly gross credit card receivables.
 Average prescription value                                  Total prescription sales divided by total script count.

 Basic net earnings per common share                         Net earnings available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares of the
                                                             Company outstanding during the period.
 Capital under management                                    Total debt plus total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company.

 Capital investments                                         Sum of fixed asset purchases, intangible asset additions, and prepayments transferred to fixed assets in the current year (see
                                                             notes 13 and 15 of the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements).
 Control brand                                               A brand and associated trademark that is owned by the Company for use in connection with its own products and services.

 Conversion                                                  A store that changes from one Company banner to another Company banner.

 Diluted net earnings per common share                       Net earnings available to common shareholders of the Company adjusted for the impact of dilutive items divided by the
                                                             weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period adjusted for the impact of dilutive items.
 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding          Weighted average number of common shares outstanding including the effects of all dilutive instruments.

 E-commerce sales                                            Retail segment revenue earned through online sales.

 Food Retail basket size                                     The dollar value of products sold in a single retail transaction.

 Food Retail traffic                                         The number of customers entering stores across all banners.

 Free cash flow                                              Cash flows from operating activities less capital investments, interest paid and net lease payments (see Section 17 “Non-
                                                             GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis).
 Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company    Net earnings less non-controlling interests.
 Net earnings available to common shareholders of the        Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Company less preferred dividends.
 Company
 Operating income                                            Net earnings before net interest expense and other financing charges and income taxes.

 Retail debt to retail adjusted EBITDA                       Retail segment total debt (see Section 7.2 “Liquidity and Capital Structure” of the Company’s Management Discussion and
                                                             Analysis) divided by Retail segment adjusted EBITDA.
 Retail segment adjusted gross profit                        Retail segment gross profit, adjusted for items that are not necessarily reflective of the Company’s underlying operating
                                                             performance (see Section 17 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and
                                                             Analysis).

 Retail segment adjusted gross profit percentage             Retail segment adjusted gross profit divided by Retail segment revenue.

 Retail segment gross profit                                 Retail segment revenue less cost of sales.

 Rightsizing                                                 A capital investment in a store resulting in a decrease to the store square footage.

 Same-store sales                                            Same-store sales are retail segment sales for stores in operation in both comparable periods, including relocated, converted,
                                                             expanded, contracted or renovated stores.
 Total equity attributable to common shareholders of the     Total equity less preferred shares outstanding and non-controlling interests.
 Company
 Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company    Total equity less non-controlling interests.

 Total retail square footage                                 Total retail square footage includes corporate, franchised stores and associate-owned drug stores.

 Weighted average common shares outstanding                  The number of common shares outstanding determined by relating the portion of time within the period the common shares
                                                             were outstanding to the total time in that period.




136 2024 Annual Report - Financial Review Loblaw Companies Limited
Corporate Profile

National Head Office and Store Support Centre                   Normal Course Issuer Bid
Loblaw Companies Limited                                        The Company has a Normal Course Issuer Bid on the
1 President’s Choice Circle                                     Toronto Stock Exchange.
Brampton, Canada L6Y 5S5
Tel: (905) 459-2500                                             Value of Common Shares
Fax: (905) 861-2206
                                                                For capital gains purposes, the valuation day (December 22,
Website: loblaw.ca
                                                                1971) cost base for the Company is $0.958 per common
                                                                share. The value on February 22, 1994 was $7.67 per
Stock Exchange Listing and Symbol                               common share.
The Company’s common shares are listed on the Toronto
Stock Exchange and trade under the symbols “L”. The             Investor Relations
second preferred shares were listed on the Toronto Stock
                                                                Shareholders, security analysts and investment professionals
Exchange and traded under the symbol “L.PR.B.”, until
                                                                should direct their requests to Investor Relations at the
January 8, 2025, when they were fully redeemed and
                                                                Company’s National Head Office or by e-mail at
delisted, see “Preferred Shares” below.
                                                                investor@loblaw.ca.

Common Shares                                                   Registrar and Transfer Agent
At year-end 2024, Galen G. Weston, directly and indirectly,     Computershare Investor Services Inc.
including through his controlling interest in Weston, owns      100 University Avenue
approximately 52.6% of the Company’s common shares.             Toronto, Canada M5J 2Y1
At year-end 2024, there were 301,736,053 common shares
                                                                Toll free: 1-800-564-6253 (Canada and U.S.)
issued and outstanding.
                                                                Fax (416) 263-9394
The average daily trading volume of the Company’s common        Toll free fax: 1-888-453-0330
shares for 2024 was 355,869.                                    International direct dial: (514) 982-7555

                                                                To change your address, eliminate multiple mailings or for
Preferred Shares
                                                                other shareholder account inquiries, please contact
At year-end 2024, there were 9,000,000 second preferred
                                                                Computershare Investor Services Inc.
shares, Series B issued and outstanding. The average daily
trading volume of the Company’s second preferred shares,
                                                                Additional financial information has been filed electronically
Series B for 2024 was 4,728. On January 8, 2025, these
                                                                with various securities regulators in Canada through the
preferred shares were redeemed at a redemption price of
                                                                System for SEDAR+ and with the Office of the Superintendent
$25 per share, for an aggregate amount of $225 million, plus
                                                                of Financial Institutions (OSFI) as the primary regulator for the
accrued and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the
                                                                Company’s subsidiary, President’s Choice Bank.
redemption date in the amount of $0.02944 per share, less
any tax required to be deducted and withheld by the
Company.
Company Dividend Policy                                         Annual General Meeting
The Company’s dividend policy states: the declaration and       The 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Loblaw
payment of dividends and the amount thereof on the              Companies Limited will be held on Tuesday, May 6, 2025 at
Company’s common shares are at the discretion of the Board      11:00 a.m. (EDT) at The Royal Conservatory, TELUS Centre for
of Directors which takes into account the Company’s             Performance and Learning, Koerner Hall, 273 Bloor Street
financial results, capital requirements, available cash flow,   West, Toronto, Ontario, Canada and virtually via a live
future prospects of the Company’s business and other            webcast.
factors considered relevant from time to time.
                                                                The Company holds an analyst call shortly following the
                                                                release of its quarterly results. These calls are archived in the
                                                                Investors section of the Company’s website (loblaw.ca).
Common Dividend Dates                                           Trademarks
The declaration and payment of quarterly dividends are          Loblaw Companies Limited and its subsidiaries own a
made subject to approval by the Board of Directors. The         number of trademarks. Several subsidiaries are licensees of
anticipated record and payments dates for 2025 are:             additional trademarks. These trademarks are the exclusive
                                                                property of Loblaw Companies Limited, its subsidiaries or the
Record Date                  Payment Date                       licensor and where used in this report, are marked with ™ or ®
March 15                     April 1                            symbols, or written in italics.
June 15                      July 1
September 15                 October 1
December 15                  December 30




                                                                                           Ce rapport est disponible en français.
loblaw.ca

pcexpress.ca

shoppersdrugmart.ca

pharmaprix.ca

pcfinancial.ca

presidentschoice.ca

pcoptimum.ca

joefresh.com

noname.ca

tntsupermarket.com

wellwise.ca

loblawadvance.ca

Apps

PC Express™

PC Optimum™

PC Health™

Shoppers Drug Mart®

PC Financial®

Joe Fresh®

T&T®
Ashley takes a seat
at the Board table to
support women
Each fall, Shoppers Drug Mart® hosts the Giving
Shelter fundraising campaign to support women
affected by domestic violence. Donations are
directed to local charities, with 100% staying within
the community. Ashley Davidson, associate-owner
of a Shoppers Drug Mart® in St. Albert, Alberta,
is partnering with the Jessica Martel Memorial
Foundation, which supports women fleeing abuse
through Jessie’s House, an emergency shelter, and
Eileen’s Place, a second-stage housing program.
Ashley, who is also a Board Member for Shoppers
Foundation for Women’s Health™, is passionate about
increasing access to resources for women in need,
especially in rural communities where shelters are
often far away or unavailable. She joined the Board in
June 2024, eager to help create more access points
and support women across Canada.
                                                                loblaw.ca

                                                                pcexpress.ca

                                                                shoppersdrugmart.ca

                                                                pharmaprix.ca

                                                                pcfinancial.ca

                                                                presidentschoice.ca

                                                                pcoptimum.ca

                                                                joefresh.com

                                                                noname.ca

                                                                tntsupermarket.com

                                                                wellwise.ca

                                                                loblawadvance.ca

                                                                Apps

                                                                PC Express™

                                                                PC Optimum™

                                                                PC Health™

                                                                Shoppers Drug Mart®

                                                                PC Financial®

                                                                Joe Fresh®

                                                                T&T®




  / Trademarks of Loblaws Inc. Shoppers Drug Mart ®
® ™

are trademarks of 911979 Alberta Ltd., used under license.
T&T ® are trademarks of T&T Supermarket Inc., used under
license. Mastercard ® is a registered trademark of Mastercard
International Incorporated. President’s Choice Bank is a
licensee of the marks.
