HOLDINGS CORPORATION




    2015 Annual Report
                             Contents


Fairfax India Holdings Corporation Performance                   1
Corporate Profile . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
Letter to Shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     3
Management’s Responsibility for the Financial
 Statements and Management’s Report on
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting . . .                 11
Independent Auditor’s Report to the
  Shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   12
Fairfax India Consolidated Financial Statements .                13
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . .                 19
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations                   34
Corporate Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        49
                                                                       HOLDINGS CORPORATION
                                                                                     8MAR201619315321



                                                                                        2015 Annual Report


                    Fairfax India Holdings Corporation Performance
      (in US$ thousands, except as otherwise indicated)(1)

      On January 30, 2015 Fairfax India Holdings Corporation subordinate voting shares began trading on the
      Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol FIH.U.

                                                                                         December 31, 2015
         Book value per share                                                                          9.50
         Closing share price(1)                                                                       10.10
         Revenue                                                                                     65,251
         Net earnings                                                                                40,939
         Total assets                                                                             1,025,451
         Investments                                                                                978,569
         Common shareholders’ equity                                                              1,013,329
         Shares outstanding(2)                                                                 106,678,879
         Earnings per share                                                                            0.42


(1) All share references are to common shares; Closing share price is in US dollars; Per share amounts are in US dollars.
(2) Includes 76,678,879 subordinate voting shares and 30,000,000 multiple voting shares.




                                                             1
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



                                                Corporate Profile

Fairfax India Holdings Corporation is an investment holding company whose investment objective is to
achieve long-term capital appreciation, while preserving capital, by investing in public and private equity securities
and debt instruments in India and Indian businesses generally with a view to acquiring control or significant
influence positions.

Investee companies

National Collateral Management Services Limited is a private-sector agricultural commodities storage
company in India that operates in the agriculture value chain by offering end-to-end solutions in grain procurement,
testing, storage and collateral management.

Adi Finechem Limited is a specialty chemical manufacturer. Adi manufactures oleo chemicals used in the paints,
inks and adhesives industries, as well as intermediate nutraceutical and health products. It has developed an
in-house technology that uses machinery manufactured by leading European companies to convert waste generated
during the production of soy, sunflower, corn and cotton oil into valuable chemicals.

IIFL Holdings Limited is a publicly traded, diversified financial services holding company in India with
subsidiaries in non-banking finance company (NBFC) business, wealth management, retail broking, institutional
equities, investment banking and financial products distribution. IIFL serves over three million customers from
2,500 business locations in 850 cities and towns in India. It also has an international presence, with offices in
New York, Singapore, Dubai, Geneva, Hong Kong, London and Mauritius.




                                                          2
To Our Shareholders:

It is with much delight and appreciation that we write our inaugural letter to you, our valued shareholders. Fairfax
India Holdings began business in early 2015 when, with your support, it raised $1.1 billion(1) by completing a public
offering and a placement to cornerstone investors of 76,678,879 subordinate voting shares and an issue to Fairfax
Financial of 30,000,000 multiple voting shares.

Based on Fairfax Financial’s successful experience over many years of investing in India and our belief (discussed in
more detail below) that India was on the verge of a long period of significant growth, the purpose of Fairfax India was
to make long term investments of meaningful size in public and private equity and debt securities with a view to
acquiring control or significant influence positions in India and Indian businesses or other businesses with
customers, suppliers or business primarily conducted in, or dependent on, India.

The deployment of the initial funds raised into the intended investments was expected to unfold over our first
couple of years. Until the funds raised were deployed, they would be kept in interest-bearing securities. It’s therefore
not surprising that after the first year, there’s not much to say about financial results. The company had 2015 net
earnings of $40.9 million ($0.42 per basic share), derived from interest income on its investment portfolio and
unrealized gains on investments. Book value per share at December 31, 2015 was $9.50, marginally less than the
initial book value reflecting the IPO expenses, as a result of unrealized foreign currency translation losses, partially
offset by the 2015 net earnings. What is really interesting is to remind you of our background and purpose, to discuss
our view of what is happening in India, and to talk about the three investments agreed during 2015 which we have
completed (at an aggregate cost of approximately $370 million).

To remind you of the background of Fairfax India, we reproduce for you below the relevant portion of the Chairman’s
letter to shareholders in Fairfax Financial’s annual report for 2014, because it describes the essence of the reasons for
the creation of Fairfax India:

     In May 2014, India’s political climate changed dramatically for the better with the election of Prime Minister
     Narendra Modi with a resounding majority. For the first time in 67 years, India has an unabashedly business
     friendly government. The ineffectiveness of India’s previous governments is seen by the fact that Canada’s
     economy at approximately $2 trillion with 35 million people is about the same size as India’s economy with
     1.2 billion people. Mr. Modi has had great success in Gujarat, a state with 65 million people which he governed
     as Chief Minister for 13 years (elected three times). Gujarat had real economic growth of over 10% per year
     during this period while bringing water and electricity and providing child education to virtually every
     household. We think Mr. Modi can transform India, particularly if he gets re-elected for two more terms, as we
     think he will. He has an excellent track record, is incorruptible and is business friendly. We expect Mr. Modi to be
     the Lee Kuan Yew of India!

     Mr. Modi’s election led us to rethink the investment opportunities in India and our ability to fund them. While
     we have $26 billion in investments at Fairfax, regulatory constraints limit our ability to invest significant
     amounts in India. Given our excellent long term track record investing in India, our very significant on the
     ground resources with Harsha Raghavan at Fairbridge, Madhavan Menon at Thomas Cook India, Ajit Isaac at
     Quess (the new name for IKYA), Ramesh Ramanathan at Sterling Resorts and also S. Gopalakrishnan, the long
     serving head of investments at ICICI Lombard, we felt it was appropriate to create a new public company, Fairfax
     India, to invest in India. In early 2015, Fairfax India went public, raising $1.1 billion and listing on the Toronto
     Stock Exchange. Fairfax provided $300 million of that capital by purchasing multiple voting shares, giving it
     28.1% of the equity and 95.1% of the votes. A number of institutional investors, almost all existing long term
     Fairfax shareholders, invested approximately 90% of the remaining $800 million raised. We are very excited
     about the long term prospects for Fairfax India under the leadership of Chandran Ratnaswami as CEO and John
     Varnell as CFO.

     Last year we said that Thomas Cook India would be our vehicle for further expansion in India. For the reasons
     mentioned above, we have now added Fairfax India as an investment vehicle in India. Thomas Cook India’s
     resources may constrain the size of deals it can do, although we expect that deals in its area of expertise will
     continue to be done in that company. In determining the appropriate vehicle for any investment, we will
     consider all of the relevant circumstances and we will be fair, as always, in order not to disadvantage one of
     these vehicles.

(1) All dollar amounts in this letter are in U.S. dollars.


                                                             3
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Fairfax India has an investment philosophy and strategy that is very similar to that of Fairfax Financial. We employ a
conservative, fundamental value-based approach to identifying and investing in high quality publicly listed and
private Indian businesses. We rely primarily on Harsha Raghavan, the CEO of Fairbridge, a wholly-owned Indian
subsidiary of Fairfax Financial, his Vice Presidents Sumit Maheshwari and Sarvjit Bedi, and their team to identify
potential investments. S. Gopalakrishnan, the long serving head of investment at ICICI Lombard, Fairfax Financial’s
joint venture insurance operation in India, also assists us in identifying potential investment candidates. Our
Mauritius subsidiary, FIH Mauritius Investments, and its CEO Amy Tan are also an integral part of our investment
process. In Toronto, Mayur Gadhia in finance and John Tobia as legal counsel provide us with strong support in all
our activities, and John Varnell as CFO and Secretary has (as he has done with other Fairfax Financial start-ups)
provided strong leadership in setting up Fairfax India and getting it off to a smooth start. In addition, we have the
benefit of the advice and wisdom of our independent directors, Deepak Parekh, Tony Griffiths, Chris Hodgson,
Alan Horn and Punita Kumar-Sinha.

All of our investing is overseen by our portfolio manager, Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel (the highly
experienced and successful investment management subsidiary of Fairfax Financial), which has an enviable track
record of investing in Indian equities starting in 2000.

While we are bottom-up investors looking to buy exceptional Indian companies at reasonable prices, since our
investment thesis was predicated on the transformational impact on the Indian economy of Prime Minister Modi, we
would like to review how things are tracking in India as compared to our initial expectations.

We are not in the large camp of naysayers who are disappointed because they expected miraculous changes and
immediate results. We had no such expectations for an economy that was moribund from 67 years of socialism, a
literally unnavigable bureaucracy and endemic corruption, but we see significant progress on many important fronts
since the new government took office. Here is a list of measures already enacted by this government (our apologies
that the list is so long!):

Crack-down on crony capitalism: Corruption in high places has dramatically declined and there is a
crack-down on crony capitalism and the patronizing of well-connected industrialists by public sector banks
(although they still have to deal with vested interest lending of the past). The tendering process of government
departments and public sector companies is being made transparent and decision-making powers are being
responsibly delegated.

Implementation of a biometric-based identity program (Aadhaar scheme): The Aadhaar network of
biometrics-based identity now covers 970 million people or 75% of the country’s population. Growth in Aadhaar
coverage creates a credible base for future direct benefit transfers (DBT) of government subsidies.

Financial inclusion: Almost 200 million new bank accounts have been opened under the Jan Dhan scheme, a
program launched by Prime Minister Modi to open zero balance bank accounts for all Indians who did not already
have a bank account. 43.2% of these accounts are linked to Aadhaar and they are thus unique. This creates a credible
base for expanding the scope of DBT in the future. Only some 32 million of these accounts have zero balances and
savings accounts opened under this scheme have aggregate deposits of $4.5 billion. Out of India’s 240 million
households, 140 million middle and higher income households have already been mapped through another scheme
called the LPG scheme, and the Jan Dhan scheme will likely cover the vast majority of the rest.

Subsidies shifting to DBT: The government has started the process of shifting all subsidy payments to a DBT
framework. The liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) subsidy has already completely moved to the DBT framework and this
has resulted in a substantial elimination of duplicate and fraudulent subsidy claims. Without DBT, it was suspected
that 50% of the subsidies ended up in the hands of middlemen and crooked politicians. The government is doing a
pilot program to move the food subsidy to DBT. Recently the government also took a decision to move the kerosene
subsidy to the DBT framework. A combination of lower crude prices and deregulation of diesel and petrol prices
should cut down the fuel subsidy cost from $9 billion in fiscal 2015 to an estimated $4.5 billion in fiscal 2016.

Improvement in national railway infrastructure: The government is focusing on improving railway
infrastructure and proposes to invest $130 billion in this area over the next five years. Projects worth $14.5 billion
have already been approved for capacity augmentation. Also, Japan has agreed to modernize 400 railway stations
that the government has identified for upgrading with private investment.




                                                          4
Corporate tax: In its budget last year, the government announced its intent, over the next few years, to cut the
corporate tax rate to 25% from 30% and to eliminate exemptions, in order to simplify the corporate tax structure and
to improve the competitiveness of Indian companies. Recently, the government announced a roadmap for
implementation, with the process beginning in this year’s budget. This should improve the ease of doing business.

Financial turnaround of state power distribution companies (DISCOMs): The government has
approved a plan to revive the chronically dysfunctional DISCOMs. The DISCOMs’ collective debt is some $65 billion
at rates of 14-15% per annum. The government has proposed that the states should take over 75% of DISCOM debt
over the next two years and bear 50% of any future DISCOM losses. This proposal should improve the financial
health of DISCOMs and, along with other measures to lower costs and improve efficiency, should help achieve the
goal of 24 ⁄ 7 power supply.

Auction of coal mines: A total of 31 coal mines have been auctioned so far, including 13 mines that are currently
non-producing where production should start in the next 12 months. Another 36 mines have been allotted to public
sector companies and 130 non-producing mines are expected to be auctioned or allocated over the next year. This
could add, over time, 300-350 million tons to the current annual coal production of about 500 million tons.

Other mineral mines are also to be auctioned: The government will henceforth conduct open auctions for
all new mining concessions for bauxite, iron ore, limestone and manganese ore. This should boost India’s mining
output in the coming years and reduce its dependence on imports. States have identified 108 new and unexplored
mineral blocks that can be auctioned in fiscal 2016 and the auction process has commenced.

Higher foreign direct investment (FDI) in insurance, defence and railway infrastructure: The
government has increased FDI limits in the insurance, defence and railway sectors. Further, it has allowed composite
FDI and foreign portfolio investments (FPI) caps in most sectors, giving companies flexibility in deciding the
composition of foreign investment they seek to attract. FDI of $1.8 billion has been announced in the insurance
sector due to the increase in FDI limits. India was recently the top ranking destination for FDI, ahead of China and
the U.S., with $31 billion of inflows in the first half of 2015.

Bankruptcy code: India does not have a proper bankruptcy code to deal with the issue of business distress. The
multiple laws in this area, coupled with delays in the judicial process, have resulted in inordinate delays in resolving
business distress. The government promised a world-class bankruptcy code in last year’s budget, and a draft code has
been introduced in Parliament.

Smart cities: The government has unveiled a list of 98 cities in which to promote integrated planning for urban
India. Under this scheme, the government intends to improve the quality of urban life and drive economic growth
by focusing on the availability of water, electricity, public transport, sanitation, healthcare and education. The
central government would provide $15 million annually for five years to each of the named cities and any remaining
amount required would be financed by the state governments.

Metro rail (commuter infrastructure): 12 new metro rail projects with a total length of 460 kilometres (km)
and a cost of $25 billion are under various stages of approvals and funding arrangements. This is in addition to the
270 km of metro rail already in operation, and 280 km under construction. Projects worth $11 billion exhibit high
visibility, since all approvals and funding have been finalized for these projects; the balance should be ready for
awards over the next 18 months. Civil contractors, rolling stock suppliers, and transmission and distribution (T&D)
equipment manufacturers would be key beneficiaries.

Progress on dedicated freight corridors (DFCs): $12 billion of work on Western and Eastern DFCs
commenced in late 2013, and work orders of $3 billion have already been placed. Ongoing work consists of civil,
electrical and mechanical jobs for tracks and bridges. With commissioning planned by December 2019, awards of
more orders worth at least $3 billion are expected in 2016. Funding for the $6 billion Western corridor has been
finalized with the Japanese International Cooperation Agency. Funding for the Eastern corridor has been partially
arranged with the World Bank and 90% of land acquisition is complete.

Archaic labour and other laws amended: Legislation to amend the Factories Act, 1948, the Apprentices Act,
1961, and the Labour Laws Act, 1988 have been passed, with the aim of easing bureaucratic interference for
manufacturers. The government also intends to further ease labour laws but needs to negotiate and agree changes
with labour unions and the opposition parties. Meanwhile it has also given the flexibility to states to amend labour



                                                           5
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



laws to promote industrial growth. States like Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat have already taken the
initiative to amend labour laws and Maharashtra is also likely to change labour laws to encourage manufacturing.

Elimination of obsolete laws: The government has passed legislation repealing 125 statutes. A committee set
up by the government to identify obsolete laws has identified 1,741 acts to be repealed. The process of repealing is in
progress and the government is seeking views from relevant ministries to eliminate the laws.

Make In India: In September 2014 the government launched the ‘‘Make In India’’ initiative to promote
manufacturing in India. With the intent of enhancing workforce skills and generating employment in
manufacturing intensive sectors, the program focuses on 25 sectors including automobiles, chemicals, textiles,
pharmaceuticals and electronics. The government has liberalized norms for foreign investment in these sectors, with
most being open to 100% foreign investment.

Invest India: With dynamic leadership, this national investment promotion and facilitation agency (which is a
joint venture among the Government of India, the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry
(FICCI) and state governments of India) has been rejuvenated. The agency’s team is made up of successful
professionals with prior experience working at major global consulting firms and corporate houses in India, all of
whom have post-graduate degrees from prestigious foreign and Indian institutions in disciplines such as
engineering, economics and business management. The agency’s mission is ‘‘promoting foreign investments in
India in a focused, comprehensive and structured manner while acting as the first reference point to provide quality
input and support services to foreign investors.’’

Involvement of states to improve business environment: Given the federal structure of governance, states
also need to be involved in improving the business environment. The central government, with assistance from the
World Bank, has ranked states on the ease of doing business. As noted above Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and
Maharashtra have focussed on labour law amendments; as well, Maharashtra has also simplified procedures to start
a business.

National agriculture market: The government has proposed to set up an online trading portal where farmers
could sell their produce to buyers anywhere in India. It has allocated $30 million over the next three years to cover
585 regulated markets across the country. This should integrate agriculture markets across India and eliminate the
requirement of multiple licences and fees. The integrated market should help improve the supply chain, reduce
wastage and provide better pricing to farmers.

Populist decisions avoided: The government has avoided taking populist decisions and instead has tried to cut
expenditure by eliminating wasteful subsidies, as follows:

    1)   It has taken several decisions to reduce the fuel subsidy, and recently announced elimination of the LPG
         subsidy to households earning more than $15,000 per year.

    2)   It has announced modest minimum support price (MSP) increases, which in turn has helped contain
         food inflation.

    3)   It has focused on executing existing projects to decongest severely congested rail networks rather than
         announcing new trains and projects. It has also raised passenger fares and freight charges to increase
         rail revenue.
    4)   To improve the efficiency and work culture of the bureaucracy, it has launched a biometric-based
         attendance system that should help cut absenteeism and improve the punctuality of bureaucrats and
         government officials across the country.

As the government works tirelessly to slash red tape, generate massive job creation through a fast-growing economy
and attract increased foreign and infrastructure investment, the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI),
Dr. Raghuram Rajan, has been a crusader for a more competitive and efficient banking system in India. The RBI has
granted 23 new banking licences in the last two years, has been instrumental in promoting the new bankruptcy code
which is now before Parliament and has introduced measures to reform public sector banks. Since Dr. Rajan took
office in September 2013, CPI inflation has decreased from 10.5% to 5.6% and the wholesale price index (WPI) has
gone from 7.1% to minus 0.7%.

As always with massive change, there are some obstacles. The politically motivated opposition, which controls the
upper house of Parliament, has managed to thwart legislation for the implementation of a national GST and for land

                                                          6
acquisition reform. The government has not been forceful in pursuing reforms to the public sector banks. Opposition
arises from entrenched vested interests (ironically, the desirable reduction of subsidy-funded consumption growth
and crony capitalism-driven investment by the ‘‘advantaged’’ corporate houses results in a short-term drag on the
economy). But overall, India is in the throes of making monumental transformational changes for the better.

Before we turn to the investments we have made, a word about the investment of our cash pending its use for
purchasing investments. Rather than leave that cash earning virtually no interest in U.S. government securities, we
invested the majority of it in rupee-denominated Indian government bonds or bonds of AAA-rated Indian
corporations or corporations controlled by the Indian government, yielding better than 8% per annum. We felt the
return justified the interest rate and exchange risk. However, the 2015 weakening of the rupee to the U.S. dollar
caused unrealized foreign currency losses on our Indian cash and investments which are included as part of the
comprehensive income statement.

Now we are pleased to report to you on the investments we have made in India.

National Collateral Management Services Limited (NCML)

In April of 2015, we met Sanjay Kaul, the CEO of NCML, and we were very impressed. Eight years ago, after 28 years
in the prestigious Indian Administrative Service (IAS), where his last role was in the agriculture ministry, Sanjay
transitioned to the private sector as the CEO of NCML. Since his arrival, Sanjay has shepherded NCML to its current
position as the leading private sector agricultural commodities storage company in India.

NCML is a ten year old company now preparing to expand to take advantage of the significant market potential in
India’s under-developed agricultural storage industry. NCML operates in the agriculture value chain by offering
end-to-end solutions in grain procurement, testing, storage and collateral management. As a result of recently
announced fiscal and non-fiscal changes in agriculture and food policy, private companies like NCML are enhancing
their range of services provided to Indian farmers, traders, food processors, banks, the government and other
businesses connected to the agriculture supply chain. This is expected to significantly improve efficiencies to help
India achieve its stated national objective of greater food security.

NCML has more than 1.3 million tons of storage capacity across 794 warehouses in 18 states. It has a network of six
regional offices, more than 176 touch points at agricultural produce markets and thousands of farmers and traders to
facilitate procurement of commodities. With assets under management of $1.4 billion, NCML commands over a 50%
share of the collateral management business in India, offering custodial services to more than 50 banks for the
management of collateralized commodities based on which banks advance post-harvest loans to the farmers or
dealers owning commodities.

Some of you will remember that Fairfax Financial is the largest shareholder in AFGRI, Africa’s largest warehouse
management company, with over 90 years of history and extensive operations across 14 African nations. In addition
to our own due diligence work on NCML prior to investing in it, we availed of AFGRI’s expertise in providing
post-harvest financing to small farmers, as well as in modern warehouse management techniques such as the
maintenance of produce using silos. Chris Venter, the CEO of AFGRI, after his team spent two weeks helping us
perform due diligence on NCML, wrote: ‘‘After spending time with NCML management, visiting its infrastructure as
well as meeting with its competitors, we do believe it is a great investment opportunity supported by good
management and a strong growth strategy.’’ AFGRI may work with NCML in some areas and also may assist NCML in
implementing its strategy in India.

There were several reasons why we believed that NCML was an excellent investment opportunity:

    a)   Massive market potential: India’s agricultural commodity storage requirement is approximately
         118 million tons. Of this, 80% is controlled by government agencies and 15% by unorganized players such
         as private warehouse owners and farmers themselves. Private sector companies account for only 5% of the
         total capacity. NCML is the largest private sector warehouse and collateral management company in India
         but currently has only a minuscule share.

    b)   Deregulation under the new Modi government will favour established private sector
         commodities management companies: For decades, procurement of rice, wheat and several other
         staple items has been undertaken by a government subsidiary called the Food Corporation of India. These
         items are then distributed to ration shops under the Public Distribution Systems scheme. Given that
         corruption, inefficiencies, wastage and theft had reached epic proportions, the new Modi government


                                                         7
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



         formed the Shanta Kumar committee to review this area, and that committee has recommended moving
         towards an outsourced model which will favour private sector players.

    c)   Impressive infrastructure: NCML has impressive infrastructure that includes warehouses with
         excellent facilities, processes and practices at multiple locations and a food testing laboratory in Hyderabad.

    d)   Top notch management team: Sanjay has been with NCML for eight years as CEO. He has maintained
         a stable team (the 13 next most senior executives have all been in their roles for at least five years). NCML
         understands the business extremely well and has robust processes to manage risk.

    e)   Limited competition and high barriers to entry: There are only three other large private
         warehouse and collateral management companies in India. As NCML is the largest and the only one which
         combines storage capabilities with a testing laboratory, we think that NCML will be at the forefront of
         India’s journey from the current bag storage of grain to silo storage, as practised in most major agriculture
         markets in the world.

We invested $148.7 million to acquire an 88% interest in NCML, of which $30.7 million was a capital infusion into
the company to fund growth plans while the remaining $118 million was used to purchase shares from existing
shareholders.

IIFL Holdings Limited (IIFL)

IIFL came to us as a known commodity! Fairfax Financial has been a satisfied shareholder of the company (originally
called India Infoline) since 2010, has had a board representative since 2012 and currently owns a direct equity
interest of 9% and an indirect economic interest through participatory notes (P Notes) of 5%.

Fairfax Financial first came to know of IIFL in 2005 in using the services of its newly formed institutional broking
business created by H. Nemkumar and Bharat Parajia. That broking company soon established an outstanding
research team and outstanding service and quickly became one of the leaders in institutional broking in India. Its
client list included major foreign investors and mutual funds from around the world. Through using IIFL’s services,
Fairfax Financial came to know Nirmal Jain, the dynamic entrepreneur who founded the company and who as CEO
had guided it from being a provider of equity research to becoming as well a low cost retail stock broker and later a
distributor of financial (mainly insurance) products. Through this entire evolution, Nirmal was supported by his
business partner, Managing Director R. Venkatraman.

By the time Fairfax Financial became a shareholder, IIFL had become a diversified financial services holding
company with subsidiaries in non-banking finance company (NBFC) business, wealth management, retail and
institutional stock broking, investment banking and financial products distribution.

Today IIFL serves over three million customers from 2,500 business locations in 850 cities and towns in India. It also
has an international presence, with offices in New York, Singapore, Dubai, Geneva, Hong Kong, London and
Mauritius. In addition to the founding team, IIFL has a highly qualified, experienced and committed
management team.

A brief description of each of IIFL’s businesses follows:

    a)   NBFC business: This is a business that makes loans to a well-diversified mix of customer segments,
         including capital markets, commercial vehicles, corporate, gold, home mortgage, property and medical
         equipment loans. Over the last four years, the loan book has grown at 30% per year to $2.3 billion, while
         income has grown at 38% per year to $394 million. Gross and net non-performing assets are 1.6% and 0.8%
         respectively of total assets. The business enjoys a net interest margin of about 7% and a return on equity of
         about 15%. The cost to income ratio has dropped to about 40% from 65% four years ago.

    b)   Wealth management: This is the fastest growing business in IIFL. This division was a pioneer in
         launching alternate investment funds across equity, real estate and high yield debt. The division’s strong
         growth is driven by all of its varied business segments – distribution services, asset management, advisory
         and wealth structuring solutions. It has created a niche by providing unique solutions for its clients in the
         areas of succession planning, asset protection and administration services. Over the last four years, assets
         under management have grown at 46% per year to $11.1 billion, income has grown at 61% per year to
         $72.2 million and profit after tax has grown at 92% per year to $17.5 million. In October 2015 General



                                                            8
         Atlantic, a U.S. private equity fund, agreed to buy a 22% interest in IIFL’s wealth management business for
         approximately $173 million, thus valuing just this business at some $800 million.

    c)   Agency business: This category is a collection of retail and institutional stock broking and advising,
         financial products distribution, mutual fund management and investment banking. The broking business,
         which is well known for its high quality and innovative research covering over 500 Indian stocks, is a leader
         in its field, with internet broking accounting for 48% of its retail trade, compared to an industry average in
         India of 11%. The distribution business is the leading non-bank distributor of life insurance products in
         India and among the top four in the distribution of mutual funds. The investment banking arm is a growing
         enterprise, having led or participated in several IPOs, with several others in the pipeline.

For its fiscal year ended March 31, 2015, IIFL had total revenue of $576 million (up 29% from the previous year),
profit after tax of $70 million (up 61%), total assets of $3.1 billion (up 33%) and shareholders’ equity of $409 million
(up 19%), resulting in a return on equity of 19%.

In December 2015, pursuant to an open offer at rupees 195 ($2.93) per share, we purchased 22% of the IIFL shares
outstanding for a total consideration of $202 million. The price of rupees 195 per share represented a trailing
price/earnings ratio of 12.9 times, a price to book ratio of 2.0 times and a dividend yield of 1.5%.

Adi Finechem Limited (Adi)

In 2010 Nahoosh Jariwala and three childhood friends and their families were holidaying together at a tiger reserve
in Central India. Nahoosh and his older cousin Rajan had founded Adi in 1985 and listed it on the Bombay Stock
Exchange in 1995. While Nahoosh had big dreams for the business, Rajan was not so keen, so while still on the
holiday Nahoosh’s three friends decided they would buy out Rajan and support Nahoosh’s aggressive growth plans.
Over the following five years until we came to hear of Adi, Nahoosh had exponentially grown Adi’s manufacturing
capacity from 8,000 to 45,000 metric tons per annum.

Adi is an oleo chemicals company. Oleo chemicals are, broadly, chemicals that are derived from plant or animal fat,
which can be used for making both edible products and non-edible products. In recent years the production of oleo
chemicals has been moving from the U.S., Europe and Japan to Asian countries because of the local availability of key
raw materials.

Adi occupies a unique niche in this large global playing field. It has developed an in-house technology that uses
machinery manufactured by leading European companies to convert waste generated during the production of soy,
sunflower, corn and cotton oil into valuable chemicals. Those chemicals include acids that go into non-edible
products like soap, detergents, personal care products and paints, and other products that are used in the
manufacture of health foods and vitamin E. The company’s customers include major multinational companies
including BASF, Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill, Advanced Organic Materials, IFFCO Chemicals and Asian Paints.

Adi operates out of a single plant in Ahmedabad, the largest city in Gujarat, the home state of Prime Minister Modi. It
has the largest processing capacity for natural soft oil-based fatty acids in India. Over the last ten years, Adi’s sales
have grown at 23% per year to $27 million, and profit after tax has grown at 30% per year to $2.3 million.

On February 8, 2016 we purchased 45% of Adi from the three friends of Nahoosh and other shareholders at rupees
212 ($3.12) per share for a total consideration of $19 million. The price of rupees 212 per share represented a trailing
price/earnings ratio of 33.9 times, a price to book ratio of 5.0 times and a dividend yield of 1.2%.

So it has been a productive first year for Fairfax India and we are excited about our initial investments. We are now
looking forward to seeing you at our first annual meeting, which will be held on April 14, 2016 at 2:00 p.m. (Toronto
time) at Roy Thomson Hall in Toronto. You will have the opportunity to meet with Sanjay Kaul, Nirmal Jain and
Nahoosh Jariwala, the excellent leaders of NCML, IIFL and Adi. We are truly appreciative of your support as
shareholders, and we do hope to see you on April 14.

March 11, 2016


                         8MAR201612231920                            10MAR201607580995
Chandran Ratnaswami                                            V. Prem Watsa
Chief Executive Officer                                        Chairman

                                                           9
(This page intentionally left blank)




                10
Management’s Responsibility for the Financial Statements

The preparation and presentation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements, Management’s
Discussion and Analysis (‘‘MD&A’’) and all financial information are the responsibility of management and have
been approved by the Board of Directors.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Financial statements, by nature, are not precise
since they include certain amounts based upon estimates and judgments. When alternative methods exist,
management has chosen those it deems to be the most appropriate in the circumstances.

We, as Fairfax India’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have certified Fairfax India’s annual
disclosure documents filed with the Canadian Securities Administrators in accordance with Canadian securities
legislation.

The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its responsibilities for financial reporting
and is ultimately responsible for reviewing and approving the consolidated financial statements and MD&A. The
Board carries out this responsibility principally through its Audit Committee which is independent from
management.
The Audit Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors and reviews the consolidated financial statements and
MD&A; considers the report of the external auditors; assesses the adequacy of the internal controls of the company,
including management’s assessment described below; examines the fees and expenses for audit services; and
recommends to the Board the independent auditors for appointment by the shareholders. The Audit Committee
reports its findings to the Board for consideration when approving the consolidated financial statements and MD&A
for issuance to the shareholders.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP performed an independent audit of the consolidated financial statements, as outlined
in the auditor’s report contained herein. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP had, and has, full and unrestricted access to
management of Fairfax India, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors to discuss their audit and related
findings and have the right to request a meeting in the absence of management at any time.

March 11, 2016




                          8MAR201612231920
Chandran Ratnaswami                                            John Varnell
Chief Executive Officer                                        Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
                                                          8MAR201612232447




                                                          11
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Independent Auditor’s Report

To the Shareholders of Fairfax India Holdings Corporation

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Fairfax India Holdings Corporation and its
subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 and
the consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2015 and the period November 25, 2014 (date of incorporation) to December 31, 2014, and the related
notes, which comprise a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.

Management’s responsibility for the consolidated financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as management
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Auditor’s responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We
conducted our audits in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require
that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.

An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity’s preparation and
fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal
control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained in our audits is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our audit opinion.

Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Fairfax India Holdings Corporation and its subsidiaries as at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 and their
financial performance and their cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the period November 25, 2014
(date of incorporation) to December 31, 2014 in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.



                                          10MAR201610573752
Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Ontario



March 11, 2016




                                                              12
Consolidated Balance Sheets
as at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014

                                                               December 31, December 31,
                                                      Notes           2015           2014
                                                                     (US$ thousands)
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                 6           12,464         235
Restricted cash                                           6            6,457           –
Interest receivable                                                   27,680           –
Investments                                           6, 10          978,569           –
Other assets                                                             281           –
Total assets                                                       1,025,451         235

Liabilities
Accrued expenses                                                             743       –
Payable to related parties                              11                 1,993     235
Income taxes payable                                     9                 9,386       –
Total liabilities                                                      12,122        235

Equity
Common shareholders’ equity                                        1,013,329            –
Total equity                                                       1,013,329            –
                                                                   1,025,451         235



See accompanying notes.




Signed on behalf of the Board




                             10MAR201607580995         10MAR201607580340
                             Director                  Director

                                                 13
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Consolidated Statements of Earnings
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and for the period November 25, 2014 (date of incorporation) to
December 31, 2014

                                                                                   Notes              2015       2014
                                                                                                (US$ thousands except
                                                                                                  per share amounts)
Income
  Interest income                                                                                  44,699           –
  Net realized gains on investments                                                                    83           –
  Net unrealized gains on investments                                                              17,675           –
  Net foreign exchange gains                                                                        2,794           –
                                                                                                   65,251           –

Expenses
 Investment and advisory fees                                                         11               5,393        –
 General and administration expenses                                                  13               5,515
                                                                                                   10,908           –
Earnings before income taxes                                                                       54,343           –
Provision for income taxes                                                              9          13,404           –
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                                   40,939           –

Net earnings per share                                                                  8      $     0.42       $   –
Shares outstanding (weighted average)                                                   8      98,019,189           1


See accompanying notes.




                                                         14
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and for the period November 25, 2014 (date of incorporation) to
December 31, 2014

                                                                                                         2015    2014
                                                                                                       (US$ thousands)


Net earnings                                                                                           40,939       –
Other comprehensive loss

  Item that may be subsequently reclassified to net earnings
    Unrealized foreign currency translation losses, net of income taxes of nil                         (55,263)     –
Comprehensive loss attributable to common shareholders                                                 (14,324)     –



See accompanying notes.




                                                         15
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and for the period November 25, 2014 (date of incorporation) to
December 31, 2014
(US$ thousands)

                                                                                                                              Equity
                                                                                                       Accumulated      attributable
                                       Subordinate         Multiple      Share-based   Retained               other      to common
                                      voting shares   voting shares    payments, net   earnings   comprehensive loss   shareholders
Balance as of November 25,
  2014 and December 31, 2014                     –               –                 –         –                    –               –
Net earnings for the year                        –               –                 –    40,939                    –          40,939
Unrealized foreign currency
  translation losses                             –               –                 –          –             (55,263)        (55,263)
Issuance of shares, net of issuance
  costs and taxes                          727,972         300,000                –           –                   –       1,027,972
Purchases and amortization                       –               –             (319)          –                   –            (319)

Balance as of December 31, 2015            727,972         300,000             (319)    40,939              (55,263)      1,013,329




See accompanying notes.




                                                                      16
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and for the period November 25, 2014 (date of incorporation) to
December 31, 2014

                                                                                         Notes             2015    2014
                                                                                                       (US$ thousands)
Operating activities
 Net earnings                                                                                         40,939         –
 Net bond discount amortization                                                                         (302)        –
 Net realized gains on investments                                                                       (83)        –
 Net foreign exchange gains                                                                           (2,794)        –
 Net unrealized gains on investments                                                                 (17,675)        –
 Purchases of investments                                                                         (1,544,198)        –
 Sales of investments                                                                                533,061         –
 Increase in restricted cash in support of acquisitions                                       6       (6,457)        –
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
   Interest receivable                                                                                 (36,637)      –
   Income taxes payable                                                                                  9,255       –
 Other                                                                                                   9,467     235
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                   (1,015,424)      235

Financing activities
  Subordinate voting shares:
    Issuances                                                                                          766,788       –
    Issuance costs, net of taxes                                                                       (38,816)      –
    Share-based payments, net                                                                             (319)      –
  Multiple voting share issuances                                                                      300,000       –
Cash provided by financing activities                                                              1,027,653         –
Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                   12,229     235
  Cash – beginning of year                                                                                 235       –
Cash and cash equivalents – end of year                                                                 12,464     235

Interest (paid) received on securities
  Interest received                                                                                     11,794       –
  Net interest paid on purchases and sales of securities                                                (4,035)      –
Taxes paid                                                                                              (1,573)      –

See accompanying notes.




                                                           17
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Index to Notes to Annual Consolidated Financial Statements

 1. Business Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      19
 2. Basis of Presentation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      19
 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 19
 4. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  23
 5. Significant Acquisitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       24
 6. Cash and Investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         25
 7. Total Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   26
 8. Earnings per Share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     26
 9. Income Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     27
10. Financial Risk Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            28
11. Related Party Transactions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         31
12. Segment Reporting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        32
13. General and Administration Expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                32
14. Subsequent Events . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      32




                                                                        18
Notes to Annual Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and for the period November 25, 2014 (date of incorporation) to
December 31, 2014
(in US$ and $ thousands except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated)

1.   Business Operations

Fairfax India Holdings Corporation (‘‘the company’’ or ‘‘Fairfax India’’) is an investment holding company. Its
investment objective is to achieve long term capital appreciation, while preserving capital, by investing, either
directly or through one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, in public and private equities and debt instruments in India
and Indian businesses or other businesses with customers, suppliers or business primarily conducted in, or
dependent on, India (‘‘Indian Investments’’). The company makes all or substantially all of its investments either
directly or through one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, which currently include FIH Mauritius Investments Ltd
(‘‘FIH Mauritius’’) and FIH Private Investments Ltd (‘‘FIH Private’’).

In early 2015, Fairfax India completed its initial public offering (‘‘IPO’’) concurrent with two private placements
followed by the exercise of an over-allotment option by the underwriters (collectively ‘‘the offerings’’) and raised
gross proceeds of approximately $1.06 billion (net proceeds of $1.02 billion) by issuance of subordinate voting shares
(‘‘SVS’’) and multiple voting shares (‘‘MVS’’). The company’s SVS commenced trading on January 30, 2015 on the
Toronto Stock Exchange (‘‘TSX’’) under the symbol ‘‘FIH.U’’. The MVS are not publicly traded.

Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (‘‘Fairfax’’) has taken the initiative in creating the company and is Fairfax India’s
ultimate parent and acts as its administrator. Fairfax is a holding company which, through its subsidiaries, is engaged
in property and casualty insurance and reinsurance and investment management. Fairfax has been listed on the TSX
under the symbol ‘‘FFH’’ for 30 years. Fairfax, through its subsidiaries, owns 30 million MVS. These MVS represented
95.1% of the voting rights and 28.1% of the equity interest in Fairfax India at December 31, 2015.

Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel Ltd. (the ‘‘Portfolio Advisor’’), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fairfax and
registered portfolio manager in the province of Ontario, is the portfolio advisor of the company and its consolidated
subsidiaries, responsible to source and advise with respect to all investments.

The company is federally incorporated and domiciled in Ontario, Canada. The principal office of the company,
Fairfax and the Portfolio Advisor is located at 95 Wellington Street West, Suite 800, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2N7.

2.   Basis of Presentation

These annual consolidated financial statements of the company for the year ended December 31, 2015 have been
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (‘‘IFRS’’) as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (‘‘IASB’’).

The preparation of the company’s consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial
statements, the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods covered by the consolidated
financial statements and the related note disclosures. Critical accounting estimates and judgments are described in
note 4.

These annual consolidated financial statements were approved for issue by the company’s Board of Directors on
March 11, 2016.

3.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

The principal accounting policies applied to the preparation of these annual consolidated financial statements are as
set out below. Those policies and methods of computation have been consistently applied to all periods presented.

Principles of consolidation
Subsidiaries – The company’s subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the company
has control. The company controls an entity when the company is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from
its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The
company meets the definition of an investment entity and as such, investments in subsidiaries (other than FIH



                                                          19
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Mauritius and FIH Private) are accounted for at fair value through profit or loss (‘‘FVTPL’’), rather than by
consolidating them.

The company has determined FIH Mauritius and FIH Private should be consolidated as these entities provide services
relating to the company’s investment activities. All intercompany balances, profits and transactions are eliminated
in full.

Investments in associates – Associates are those entities in which the company has significant influence, but not
control, over the financial and operating policies. Investments that are held as part of the company’s investment
portfolio are carried in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value even though the company may have significant
influence over those entities.

Functional and presentation currency
The consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars while Indian rupees is the functional currency of
the company and its consolidated subsidiaries.

Although the company invests in Indian rupee assets, its primary objective is to achieve long term capital
appreciation in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, the company presents its consolidated financial statements in U.S. dollars
to make them comparable with other North American investment entities.

Transactions and balances in foreign currencies – Foreign currency transactions are translated into the
functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the date of the transaction or valuation where items are
re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
translation at year-end exchange rate of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings within net foreign exchange gains (losses). Income and
expenses are translated at the average rate of exchange for the period.
Translation to the presentation currency – The statements of earnings and balance sheets of Fairfax India and
its consolidated subsidiaries are translated to the presentation currency as follows:

    • assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at the balance sheet date;

    • income and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate for the period presented (unless this is not a
      reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which
      case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and,

    • all resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income (‘‘OCI’’) as unrealized
      foreign currency translation gains or losses.

Upon disposal or partial disposal of FIH Mauritius or FIH Private, a proportionate share of the cumulative amount of
exchange differences recognized in OCI and accumulated in a separate component in equity would be reclassified to
earnings as part of the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of these consolidated subsidiaries.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, demand deposits with banks and other short term highly liquid
investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased. The carrying value of cash and cash
equivalents approximates fair value.

Financial instruments
The company recognizes financial instruments at fair value upon initial recognition, plus transaction costs in the
case of financial instruments measured at amortized cost. Purchases and sales are recognized on the trade date, which
is the date on which the company commits to purchase or sell the investments.

Transactions pending settlement are reflected on the consolidated balance sheet in other assets or in accounts
payable and accrued expenses. Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported on the balance
sheet when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a
net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. A financial asset is derecognized when the
rights to receive cash flows from the investment have expired or have been transferred and when the company has
transferred substantially the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset.




                                                           20
The company’s investments are measured at FVTPL. All other financial assets and liabilities are measured at
amortized cost which approximates fair value. Under the amortized cost method, financial assets and liabilities
reflect the amount required to be received or paid and discounted when appropriate, at the contract’s effective
interest rate.

Determination of fair value – Fair values for substantially all of the company’s financial instruments are
measured using market or income approaches. Considerable judgment may be required in interpreting market data
used to develop estimates of fair value. Accordingly, actual values realized in future market transactions may differ
from the estimates presented in these consolidated financial statements. The use of different market assumptions
and/or valuation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair values. The fair values of financial
instruments are based on bid prices for financial assets and ask prices for financial liabilities. The company
categorizes its fair value measurements according to a three level hierarchy described below:

    Level 1 – Inputs represent unadjusted quoted prices for identical instruments exchanged in active markets.

    Level 2 – Inputs include directly or indirectly observable inputs (other than Level 1 inputs) such as quoted prices
    for similar financial instruments exchanged in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar financial
    instruments exchanged in inactive markets and other market observable inputs.

    Level 3 – Inputs include unobservable inputs used in the measurement of financial instruments. Management is
    required to use its own assumptions regarding unobservable inputs as there is little, if any, market activity in
    these instruments or related observable inputs that can be corroborated at the measurement date.

Transfers between fair value hierarchy categories are considered effective from the beginning of the reporting period
in which the transfer is identified.

Valuation techniques used by the company’s independent pricing service providers and third party broker-dealers
include comparisons with similar instruments where observable market prices exist, discounted cash flow analysis,
option pricing models, and other valuation techniques commonly used by market participants. The company
assesses the reasonableness of pricing received from these third party sources by comparing the fair values received to
recent transaction prices for similar assets where available, to industry accepted discounted cash flow models (that
incorporate estimates of the amount and timing of future cash flows and market observable inputs such as credit
spreads and discount rates) and to option pricing models (that incorporate market observable inputs including the
quoted price, volatility and dividend yield of the underlying security and the risk free rate).

Realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments
Realized and unrealized gains and losses arising on the disposition and re-measurement of investments at fair value
are included in net realized gains (losses) on investments and net unrealized gains (losses) on investments
respectively.

Interest income and dividends
Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method and includes bank interest and
interest from investments in debt instruments. Interest receivable is shown separately on the consolidated balance
sheet based on the debt instruments’ stated rates of interest. Dividends from equity investments are recognized when
the company’s right to receive payment is established.

Income taxes
The provision for income taxes for the period comprises current and deferred income tax. Income taxes are
recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings, except to the extent that they relate to items recognized in
other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In those cases, the related taxes are also recognized in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
Current income tax is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the
reporting period in the countries where the company’s subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures operate and
generate taxable income.

Deferred income tax is calculated under the liability method whereby deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and
their respective income tax bases at the current substantively enacted tax rates. With the exception of initial
recognition of deferred income tax arising from business combinations, changes in deferred income tax associated

                                                          21
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



with components of other comprehensive income are recognized directly in other comprehensive income while all
other changes in deferred income tax are included in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements
of earnings.

Deferred income tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available
against which the temporary differences can be utilized. Carry forwards of unused losses or unused tax credits are tax
effected and recognized as deferred tax assets when it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
which these losses or tax credits can be utilized.

Deferred income tax is not recognized on unremitted consolidated subsidiary earnings where the company has
determined it is not probable those earnings will be repatriated in the foreseeable future.

Current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when the income taxes are levied by the same
taxation authority and there is a legally enforceable right of offset.

Contingencies and commitments
A provision is recognized for a contingent liability, commitment or financial guarantee when the company has a
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources
embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the
amount of the obligation. Provisions are discounted when the effect of the time value of money is considered
significant.

Capital stock
Common shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new shares are
shown as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds. Where the company purchases its equity share capital for
cancellation, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs, is deducted from equity
attributable to the company’s equity holders.

Share-based payments
The company has restricted share plans or equivalent for management and directors with vesting periods of up to ten
years from the date of grant. The fair value of restricted share awards is estimated on the date of grant based on the
market price of the company’s stock and is amortized to compensation expense over the related vesting period, with
a corresponding increase in the share-based payments equity reserve. When a restricted share award vests in
instalments over the vesting period (graded vesting), each instalment is accounted for as a separate award and
amortized to compensation expense accordingly. At each balance sheet date, the company reviews its estimates of
the number of restricted share awards expected to vest.

Net earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders
Basic net earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the net earnings (loss) attributable to common
shareholders of the company, by the weighted average number of subordinate and multiple voting shares issued and
outstanding during the period excluding subordinate voting shares purchased by the company and held as treasury
shares.

New accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective
The following new standards have been issued by the IASB and were not yet effective for the fiscal year beginning
January 1, 2015. The company is currently evaluating their impact on its consolidated financial statements:

IFRS Annual Improvements 2012-2014
In September 2014 the IASB issued a limited number of amendments to clarify the requirements of four IFRS
standards. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2016, with retrospective
application.

IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (‘‘IFRS 9’’)
In July 2014 the IASB published the complete version of IFRS 9 which supersedes the 2010 version of IFRS 9 currently
applied by the company. This complete version is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018,
with retrospective application, and includes: requirements for the classification and measurement of financial assets



                                                          22
and liabilities; an expected credit loss model that replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model; and new
hedge accounting guidance.

4.   Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments

In the preparation of the company’s annual consolidated financial statements, management has made a number of
estimates and judgments, the more critical of which are discussed below. Estimates and judgments are continually
evaluated and are based on historical experience, present conditions, and other factors, including expectations of
future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

Where estimates were made, the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses may differ from the
amounts that would otherwise be reflected if the ultimate outcome of all uncertainties and future earnings were
known at the time the consolidated financial statements were prepared.

Determination of investment entity status
An entity that meets the IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements (‘‘IFRS 10’’) definition of an investment entity is
required to measure its subsidiaries at FVTPL rather than consolidate them (other than those subsidiaries that
provide services to the company).
The company has concluded that it continues to meet the definition of an investment entity as its strategic objective
of investing in Indian Investments and providing investment management services to investors for the purpose of
generating returns in the form of long-term capital appreciation remains unchanged. The company has also
determined that FIH Mauritius and FIH Private provide investment related services to the company and should be
consolidated.

The company may from time to time seek to realize on any of its Indian Investments. The circumstances under which
the company may sell some or all of its investments include: (i) where the company believes that the Indian
Investments are fully valued or that the original investment thesis has played out; or (ii) where the company has
identified other investment opportunities which it believes present more attractive risk-adjusted return
opportunities and additional capital is needed to make such alternative investments.

The company would exit its private investments either through initial public offering or private sale. For publicly
traded investments, exit strategies may include selling the investments through private placements or in
public markets.

Income taxes
The company is subject to income taxes in Canada, Mauritius and India, and the company’s determination of its tax
liability or receivable is subject to review by those applicable tax authorities. The company has made a critical
judgment that it is able to control the timing of the repatriation of subsidiaries’ unremitted earnings disclosed in
note 9 and has no plans to repatriate these earnings in the foreseeable future; as a consequence no tax has been
recorded in these financial statements on these unremitted earnings. While the company believes its tax positions to
be reasonable, where the company’s interpretations differ from those of tax authorities or the timing of realization is
not as expected, the provision for income taxes may increase or decrease in future periods to reflect actual
experience. The company has specialist tax personnel responsible for assessing the income tax consequences of
planned transactions and events and undertaking the appropriate tax planning.
Realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of taxable income in those jurisdictions
where the relevant tax losses and temporary differences exist. Tax legislation of each jurisdiction in which the
company operates is interpreted to determine the provision for (recovery of) income taxes and expected timing of
the reversal of deferred income tax assets and liabilities. The company has made a critical judgment that certain
deferred taxes disclosed in note 9 should not be recorded as an asset because it is not presently likely that they will
be realized.

Functional currency
At the time of its incorporation on November 25, 2014, the company had determined the currency of its primary
economic environment was the U.S. dollar as the offerings were denominated in U.S. dollars. The deployment of
proceeds raised was subject to market conditions and the availability of attractive investment opportunities.




                                                          23
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



During the third quarter of 2015, the majority of the proceeds raised through the offerings (a substantial portion of
which had initially been invested in U.S. dollar denominated treasury bills) were reinvested in Indian rupee
denominated Indian Investments with the acquisition of National Collateral Management Services Limited
(‘‘NCML’’) in August and the announcement of the open offer to acquire shares of IIFL Holdings Limited, formerly
known as India Infoline Limited (‘‘IIFL’’). Accordingly, the company reassessed its functional currency and effective
October 1, 2015, adopted Indian rupees as its functional currency on a prospective basis. All balances in the
consolidated financial statements were translated into Indian rupees using the exchange rate prevailing at the date of
the change.

There was no change to the functional currency of the two consolidated subsidiaries, FIH Mauritius and FIH Private,
which is Indian rupees.

Valuation of National Collateral Management Services Limited
The company has determined there are no changes to NCML’s business, its capital structure and its operating
environment since closing of the acquisition on August 19, 2015. Accordingly, the acquisition price paid in Indian
rupees is considered to approximate fair value as at December 31, 2015.

5.   Significant Acquisitions

Acquisition of National Collateral Management Services Limited
On August 19, 2015 the company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, FIH Mauritius, acquired a 73.56%
ownership interest in NCML by purchasing 23,326,335 newly issued shares and 71,050,691 shares from certain
shareholders for 2.0 billion Indian rupees ($30.7 million) and 6.1 billion Indian rupees ($93.5 million) respectively
for an aggregate investment of 8.1 billion Indian rupees ($124.2 million) (collectively, the ‘‘NCML Acquisition’’).

Subsequently, the company, through FIH Mauritius, acquired an additional 14.51% ownership interest in NCML by
purchasing 18,618,420 shares from minority shareholders for 1.6 billion Indian rupees ($24.5 million). As of
December 31, 2015, the company held 88.07% of the outstanding shares of NCML.

NCML is a private-sector agricultural commodities storage company in India that operates in the agriculture value
chain by offering end-to-end solutions in grain procurement, testing, storage and collateral management.

Acquisition of IIFL Holdings Limited
On July 13, 2015, the company announced an offer (the ‘‘IIFL Open Offer’’) to acquire up to approximately
83,128,852 equity shares of IIFL at a price of 195 Indian rupees per share (approximately $3 per share), other than
those shares already owned by Fairfax and its affiliates, in accordance with regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (‘‘SEBI’’) for substantial acquisitions of shares and takeovers.

On December 1, 2015 Fairfax India acquired 68,788,445 shares of IIFL pursuant to the IIFL Open Offer representing a
21.85% ownership interest at a price of 195 Indian rupees per share (approximately $3 per share at exchange rates as
at the date of the announcement) for an aggregate investment of 13.4 billion Indian rupees (approximately
$202 million at exchange rates at close). In accordance with SEBI regulation, the company placed 237.1 million
Indian rupees ($3.6 million) in escrow to fund any contingencies in relation to the IIFL Open Offer. The full amount
of the escrow was released subsequent to December 31, 2015.

Prior to the company’s investment in IIFL, Fairfax, through its subsidiaries, owned 8.88% of the issued and
outstanding IIFL shares, and had an economic interest in another approximately 5.19% of IIFL shares through
derivative instruments (all acquired prior to the establishment of Fairfax India).

FIH Mauritius and certain Fairfax affiliates provided undertakings to SEBI pursuant to which they agreed not to
undertake certain activities so as to avoid acquiring control of IIFL subsequent to completion of the IIFL Open Offer.
In particular, FIH Mauritius and the Fairfax affiliates have undertaken not to exercise voting rights on IIFL
shareholder resolutions for any IIFL shares exceeding 25% of the issued and outstanding IIFL shares at the time of
voting, effectively limiting voting to 25% even in cases where FIH Mauritius and the Fairfax affiliates own more than
25% of the IIFL shares. FIH Mauritius and the Fairfax affiliates have also undertaken not to purchase additional IIFL
shares if the total IIFL shares owned by FIH Mauritius and the Fairfax affiliates would exceed approximately 36% of
the issued and outstanding IIFL shares unless FIH Mauritius and the Fairfax affiliates make an open offer or obtain the
prior consent of SEBI for such acquisition.



                                                          24
IIFL is a publicly traded, diversified financial services holding company in India with subsidiaries in non-banking
finance company (NBFC) business, wealth management, retail broking, institutional equities, investment banking
and financial products distribution.

6.   Cash and Investments
Fixed Income Maturity Profile
Bonds are summarized by their earliest contractual maturity date in the table below. Actual maturities may differ
from maturities shown below due to the existence of put features. At December 31, 2015, bonds containing put
features represented $137.4 million of the total fair value of bonds in the table below.

                                                                                                   December 31, 2015

                                                                                                  Amortized          Fair
                                                                                                       cost         value
Due after 1 year through 5 years                                                                     190,458     190,409
Due after 5 years through 10 years                                                                   237,348     235,867
Due after 10 years                                                                                    87,553      86,513
                                                                                                     515,359     512,789


Fair Value Disclosures
The company’s use of quoted market prices (Level 1), valuation models using observable market information as
inputs (Level 2) and valuation models without observable market information as inputs (Level 3) in the valuation of
securities and derivative contracts by type of issuer was as follows:

                                                                          December 31, 2015

                                                           Significant                                         Total fair
                                                                 other      Significant                          value of
                                               Quoted      observable     unobservable      Total fair          assets in
                                                 prices         inputs           inputs      value of      Indian rupees
                                              (Level 1)       (Level 2)        (Level 3)        assets    (in thousands)
Cash and cash equivalents(1)                    12,464                –                 –      12,464            824,597
Restricted cash(2)                               6,457                –                 –       6,457            427,191
                                                18,921                –                 –      18,921           1,251,788
Investments
  Short term U.S. treasury bills                50,143                –               –        50,143           3,317,267
  Government of India bonds                          –          123,448               –       123,448           8,166,876
  Indian corporate bonds                             –          389,341               –       389,341          25,757,320
  NCML(3)                                            –                –         146,445       146,445           9,688,230
  IIFL(4)                                      220,747                –               –       220,747          14,603,787
  Investment funds(5)                                –           48,445               –        48,445           3,204,956
                                               270,890          561,234         146,445       978,569          64,738,436
                                               289,811          561,234         146,445       997,490          65,990,224
                                                     29%            56%               15%        100.0%             100.0%

(1) Includes a fixed deposit of $4,501 with weekly redemption.
(2) Restricted cash is comprised of cash in escrow at December 31, 2015 arising from the IIFL acquisition ($3.6 million –
    note 5) and the Adi Finechem Limited acquisition ($2.9 million – note 14).
(3) The company has determined the acquisition price of NCML is the most relevant representation of fair value as at
    December 31, 2015 (see note 4).
(4) IIFL is a publicly traded company on the Bombay Stock Exchange (‘‘BSE’’) and the National Stock Exchange of
    India (‘‘NSE’’).
(5) These investment funds are primarily valued based on net asset value statements provided by third party fund managers.
    The units of the funds are redeemable and priced daily.

                                                           25
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Transfers between fair value hierarchy levels are considered effective from the beginning of the reporting period in
which the transfer is identified. During the year, there were no transfers of securities between Level 1 and Level 2 and
in and out of Level 3 as a result of changes in observable or unobservable valuation inputs.

The company had cash and cash equivalents of $235 (14.8 million Indian rupees) and no other assets at
December 31, 2014.

A summary of changes in the fair value of NCML common shares for the year ended December 31, 2015 is as follows:

                                                                                                       2015

                                                                                         U.S. dollars Indian rupees
                                                                                                  (in thousands)
Balance – January 1                                                                                –                  –
Purchases                                                                                    148,716          9,688,230
Loss on translation to the presentation currency(1)                                           (2,271)                 –
Sales                                                                                              –                  –
Balance – December 31                                                                        146,445          9,688,230

(1) Included in other comprehensive income.

7.   Total Equity

Equity attributable to common shareholders

Authorized Capital

The company’s authorized share capital consists of (i) an unlimited number of multiple voting shares that may only
be issued to Fairfax or its affiliates; (ii) an unlimited number of subordinate voting shares; and, (iii) an unlimited
number of preference shares, issuable in series. Except as provided in any special rights or restrictions attaching to
any series of preference shares issued from time to time, the preference shares will not be entitled to vote at any
meeting of the shareholders of the company.

Issued Capital

The number of shares outstanding was as follows:

                                                                                           2015

                                                                     Subordinate           Multiple      Common stock
                                                                    voting shares     voting shares        outstanding
Balance – January 1                                                             –                 1                  1
Issuances                                                              76,678,879        29,999,999        106,678,878
Balance – December 31                                                  76,678,879        30,000,000        106,678,879


8.   Earnings per Share

Net earnings per share is calculated in the following table based upon the weighted average common shares
outstanding:

                                                                                                           2015    2014
Net earnings attributable to common shareholders – basic                                                 40,939        –

Weighted average common shares outstanding – basic                                                    98,019,189       1

Net earnings per common share                                                                     $         0.42   $   –




                                                          26
9.   Income Taxes

The company’s provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2015 is summarized in the following
table:

                                                                                                                2015
Current income tax:
 Current year expenses                                                                                        11,257
Deferred income tax:
 Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                             2,147
Provision for income taxes                                                                                    13,404


A significant portion of the company’s earnings before income taxes is earned or incurred outside of Canada. The
statutory income tax rates for jurisdictions outside of Canada generally differ from the Canadian statutory income
tax rate (and may be significantly higher or lower).

The company’s earnings (loss) before income taxes by jurisdiction and the associated provision for income taxes for
the year ended December 31, 2015 is summarized in the following table:

                                                                                                  2015

                                                                                     Canada      Mauritius     Total
Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                     (858)       55,201    54,343
Provision for income taxes                                                            11,559         1,845    13,404
Net earnings (loss)                                                                   (12,417)      53,356    40,939


Management reviews the recoverability of the deferred income tax asset on an ongoing basis and adjusts, as
necessary, to reflect its anticipated realization. Deferred income taxes at December 31, 2015 were nil as the company
has not recorded deferred tax assets of $8.6 million primarily related to costs of the offerings and foreign accrual
property losses of $0.2 million.

A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes calculated at the Canadian statutory income tax rate to the
provision of income taxes at the effective tax rate in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2015 is summarized in the following table:

                                                                                                                2015
Canadian statutory income tax rate                                                                              26.5%
Provision for income taxes at the Canadian statutory income tax rate                                          14,401
Income earned outside of Canada                                                                                  313
Change in unrecorded tax benefit of losses and temporary differences                                             206
Foreign exchange                                                                                              (1,542)
Other including permanent differences                                                                             26
Provision for income taxes                                                                                    13,404


The tax rate differential on income earned outside of Canada principally reflects the net investment income earned
in India and Mauritius.

The change in unrecorded tax benefit of losses and temporary differences is primarily comprised of deferred tax
assets in Canada of $0.2 million that were not recorded by the company because the related pre-tax losses do not
meet the applicable recognition criteria under IFRS.

Foreign exchange principally reflects the impact of fluctuations in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the
U.S. dollar and the Indian rupee as the company computes its corporate tax liability in Canadian dollars pursuant to
the requirements of Canadian tax authorities whereas the functional currency of the company and its Mauritius
based subsidiaries is Indian rupees.



                                                         27
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Changes in net income taxes payable during the year ended December 31 were as follows:

                                                                                                                  2015
Balance – January 1                                                                                                  –
  Amounts recorded in the consolidated statement of earnings                                                    11,257
  Payments made during the year                                                                                 (1,573)
  Gain on translation to the functional currency                                                                  (298)
Balance – December 31                                                                                             9,386


Deferred income tax has not been recognized for the withholding tax and other taxes that could be payable on the
unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries. The unremitted earnings amounted to approximately $9.3 million and
the tax on unremitted earnings amounted to approximately $2.5 million at December 31, 2015 and are not likely to
be repatriated in the foreseeable future.

10. Financial Risk Management

The company’s activities expose it to certain financial risks during or at the end of the reporting period. These risks,
and the company’s management thereof, are described below.

Market Risk

Foreign Currency Risk

The company’s net assets and net earnings may be significantly affected by foreign currency translation movements
as the majority of assets and income are denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, which is the
company’s presentation currency. The company has not hedged its foreign currency risk.

The company’s foreign currency exposure on transactions and balances denominated in currencies other than the
Indian rupee (expressed in U.S. dollars) is comprised as follows:

                                                                                     December 31, 2015

                                                                                                   Interest
                                                                         Cash    Investments     receivable       Total
Canadian dollars                                                           42               –              –        42
U.S. dollars                                                           12,367          98,588              –   110,955
Mauritius rupees                                                           55               –              –        55
Total                                                                  12,464          98,588              –   111,052


Interest Rate Risk

Interest rate movements in India could significantly affect the company’s net assets and profitability. The Portfolio
Advisor and Fairfax actively monitor interest rates in India and the potential impact changes in interest rates may
have on the company’s investment portfolio.

The table below displays the potential impact of changes in interest rates on the company’s fixed income portfolio
based on parallel 200 basis point shifts up and down, in 100 basis point increments. This analysis was performed on
each individual security, with the hypothetical effect on net earnings calculated on an after-tax basis. The company




                                                          28
is also exposed to indirect interest rate risk through investment funds with a fair value of $48.4 million at
December 31, 2015 to the extent the funds are invested in fixed income securities.

                                                                          December 31, 2015

                                               Fair value of fixed    Hypothetical $ change           Hypothetical %
                                                income portfolio      effect on net earnings      change in fair value
Change in interest rates
200 basis point rise                                       467,293                     (33,439)                   (8.9)%
100 basis point rise                                       490,481                     (16,396)                   (4.4)%
No change                                                  512,789                           –                         –
100 basis point decline                                    546,766                      24,973                      6.6%
200 basis point decline                                    580,625                      49,860                    13.2%

Certain shortcomings are inherent in the method of analysis presented above. Computations of the prospective
effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on numerous assumptions, including the maintenance of the
level and composition of fixed income securities at the indicated date, and should not be relied on as indicative of
future results. Actual values may differ from the projections presented should market conditions vary from
assumptions used in the calculation of the fair value of individual securities; such variations include non-parallel
shifts in the term structure of interest rates and a change in individual issuer credit spreads.

Market Price Fluctuations

Market price fluctuation is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an equity investment will fluctuate
because of changes in market prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those
changes are caused by factors specific to the individual investment or its issuer, or other factors affecting all similar
investments in the market.

The following table illustrates the potential impact of a 10% change in fair value of the company’s publicly traded
equity investment on net earnings.

                                                                                                  December 31, 2015

Change in the company’s publicly traded equity investment                                           +10%          -10%
Publicly traded equity investment                                                                 220,747       220,747
Pre-tax impact on net earnings                                                                      22,075       (22,075)
After-tax impact on net earnings                                                                    19,150       (19,150)


Credit Risk

Credit risk arises on investments and cash balances. Cash balances are held in high credit-quality financial
institutions. As at December 31, 2015 the company had invested in securities rated as investment grade or higher by
a Designated Rating Organization (‘‘DRO’’), being DBRS Limited, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service (‘‘S&P’’),
Fitch Inc. and Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (‘‘Moody’s’’), or subsidiaries or affiliates of a DRO. The company’s
investment portfolio includes short term U.S. treasury bills rated Aaa by Moody’s and AA+ by S&P, Government of
India bonds rated Baa3 by Moody’s and BBB by S&P, and Indian corporate bonds rated AAA by subsidiaries of a DRO.
The company is exposed to indirect credit risk through its holdings in investment funds.




                                                           29
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



The table below sets out the fair value of each of these categories of investments (excluding investments in private
and public company shares):

                                                                                                     December 31, 2015
Cash                                                                                                             12,464
Restricted cash                                                                                                   6,457
Short term U.S. treasury bills                                                                                   50,143
Government of India bonds                                                                                       123,448
Indian corporate bonds                                                                                          389,341
Investment funds                                                                                                 48,445
Total                                                                                                           630,298


Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the company will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial
liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The company manages liquidity risk by
maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents to enable settlement of transactions on the due date. All liabilities
are due in less than three months.

Concentration Risk

The company’s investments are primarily concentrated in India and in Indian businesses or businesses with
customers, suppliers or business primarily conducted in, or dependent on, India. The market value of the company’s
investments, the income generated by the company and the company’s performance will be particularly sensitive to
changes in the economic condition, interest rates, and regulatory environment in India. Adverse changes in the
economic condition, interest rates or regulatory environment in India may have a material adverse effect on the
company’s business, cash flows, financial condition and net earnings.

The company’s investment portfolio composition between Indian and U.S. investments was as follows:

                                                                                               December 31, 2015

                                                                                             India       U.S.      Total
Short term U.S. treasury bills                                                                  –     50,143     50,143
Government of India bonds                                                                 123,448          –    123,448
Indian corporate bonds                                                                    389,341          –    389,341
Investment funds                                                                           48,445          –     48,445
NCML                                                                                      146,445          –    146,445
IIFL                                                                                      220,747          –    220,747
Total                                                                                     928,426     50,143    978,569


Capital Management

The company’s capital is comprised of its shareholders’ equity. The company’s objectives when managing capital are
to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and to maintain an
optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital. The company will seek attractive risk adjusted returns, but will
at all times emphasize downside protection and minimize the loss of capital.




                                                           30
11. Related Party Transactions

Payables to Related Parties

Payables to related parties at December 31, 2015 included $181 for certain expenses paid by Fairfax on behalf of
Fairfax India and $9 due to an affiliate of Fairfax for information technology support services as well as investment
management fees of $1,803 (as discussed below).

Investment Advisory Agreement

On January 30, 2015 the company and its subsidiaries entered into an agreement with Fairfax and the Portfolio
Advisor to provide administration and investment advisory services to the company (the ‘‘Investment Advisory
Agreement’’). As compensation for the provision of these services, the company pays an investment and advisory
fee, and if applicable, a performance fee. Such fees are determined with reference to the company’s net asset value. In
accordance with the Investment Advisory Agreement, on any date, the net asset value is calculated by subtracting the
aggregate carrying value of the liabilities of the company from the aggregate fair value of the assets of the company
on that date.

Investment and Advisory Fee

The per annum investment and advisory fee is calculated as 0.5% of the value of undeployed capital and 1.5% of net
asset value less the value of undeployed capital.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the company has determined that the majority of its assets (with the
exception of its investments in NCML and IIFL, which is considered deployed capital) represent undeployed capital
and that the 0.5% per annum fee is payable on the net asset value for the period from January 30, 2015 (the date of
the offerings) to December 31, 2015, less the fair value of NCML and IIFL. A fee of 1.5% per annum based on the fair
values of NCML and IIFL as at December 31, 2015 is accrued from the closing date of each transaction to
December 31, 2015. The investment and advisory fee for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $5,393.

At December 31, 2015 payables to related parties included $1,803 of investment and advisory fee.

Performance Fee

The performance fee is paid for the period from January 30, 2015 to December 31, 2017 and for each consecutive
three-year period thereafter, and is calculated, on a cumulative basis, as 20% of any increase in net asset value
(including distributions) above a 5% per annum increase. The company has determined that the performance fee is
not applicable for the year ended December 31, 2015.

Management Compensation

Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, Fairfax is required to provide a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief
Financial Officer and a Corporate Secretary to the company. For so long as the Investment Advisory Agreement
remains in effect, all compensation payable to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and Corporate
Secretary of the company will be borne by Fairfax.

Director Compensation

Compensation for the company’s Board of Directors for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was as follows:

                                                                                                          2015    2014
Retainers and fees                                                                                         131       –
Share-based payments                                                                                       301       –
Other                                                                                                       50       –
                                                                                                           482       –


The compensation presented above is determined in accordance with the company’s IFRS accounting policies and
may differ from the compensation presented in the company’s Management Proxy Circular.




                                                          31
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



12. Segment Reporting

A business segment is a group of assets and operations engaged in providing products or services that are subject to
risks and returns that are different from those of other business segments. A geographical segment is engaged in
providing products or services within a particular economic environment that is subject to risks and return that are
different from those of segments operating in other economic environments.

The company has concluded that Fairfax India is engaged in a single business and geographic segment, that of
investing in India.

13. General and Administration Expenses

General and administration expenses for the year ended December 31, 2015 were comprised as follows:

                                                                                                                2015
Brokerage fees                                                                                                   978
Audit, legal and tax professional fees                                                                         2,899
Salaries and employee benefit expenses                                                                           580
Administrative expenses                                                                                          665
Other                                                                                                            393
                                                                                                               5,515


14. Subsequent Events

Acquisition of Adi Finechem Limited

On November 4, 2015, Fairfax India, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, FIH Mauritius, entered into an agreement
with existing shareholders of Adi Finechem Limited (‘‘Adi’’) to acquire approximately 45% of the outstanding shares
of Adi at a price per share of 212 Indian rupees (collectively the ‘‘Adi Shareholder Transaction’’) for total
consideration of approximately 1.3 billion Indian rupees (approximately $20 million at exchange rates on the
announcement date).

Adi’s shares are listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange of India. As a result of such
listings, Fairfax India was also required to make an open offer (the ‘‘Adi Open Offer’’) for an additional 26% of the
shares outstanding of Adi in accordance with applicable regulations of SEBI. The company therefore deposited
approximately 190.1 million Indian rupees ($2.9 million) in escrow to partially fund the Adi Open Offer as required
by SEBI.

On February 8, 2016, the company closed the Adi Shareholder Transaction and the Adi Open Offer. Upon closing, the
company acquired 45% of the outstanding shares of Adi for an aggregate consideration of approximately 1.3 billion
Indian rupees (approximately $19 million based on the exchange rate on the date of close).
Adi is a specialty chemical manufacturer located near Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Adi manufactures oleo chemicals
used in the paints, inks and adhesives industries, as well as intermediate nutraceutical and health products.




                                                         32
Index to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Notes to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . . . . . . .                                      34
Business Developments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       34
Business Objectives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   37
Results of Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     39
Consolidated Balance Sheet Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              40
Liquidity and Capital Resources . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         42
Related Party Transactions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      42
Contractual Obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       42
Accounting and Disclosure Matters
  Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                           42
  Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 42
  Significant Accounting Changes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            43
  Future Accounting Changes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           43
Comparative Quarterly Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          43
Outstanding Share Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        43
Risk Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     43
Compliance with Corporate Governance Rules . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  47
Forward-Looking Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          48




                                                                         33
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(as of March 11, 2016)

(Figures and amounts are in US$ and $ thousands except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated. Figures may not add
due to rounding.)

Notes to Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

    (1) Readers of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
        (‘‘MD&A’’) should review the entire Annual Report for additional commentary and information. Additional
        information relating to the company, including its annual information form, can be found on SEDAR at
        www.sedar.com. Additional information can also be accessed from the company’s website at
        www.fairfaxindia.ca.

    (2) The MD&A contains references to Net Asset Value (‘‘NAV’’) and NAV per share, which are non-IFRS
        measures. On any date, NAV is calculated by subtracting the aggregate carrying value of the liabilities of the
        company from the aggregate fair value of the assets of the company on that date. NAV per share is calculated
        by dividing NAV by the total number of common shares of the company outstanding on that date. The NAV
        per share is equal to book value per share.

         Cautionary Statement Regarding the Valuation of Investments in Private Indian Entities

In the absence of an active market for its investments in private Indian entities, fair values for these investments are
determined by management using the appropriate valuation methodologies after considering the history and nature
of the business, operating results and financial conditions, outlook and prospects, general economic, industry and
market conditions, contractual rights relating to the investment, public market comparables (if available) and, where
applicable, other pertinent considerations. The process of valuing investments for which no active market exists is
inevitably based on inherent uncertainties and the resulting values may differ from values that would have been used
had an active market existed. The amounts at which the company’s investments in private Indian entities could be
disposed of may differ from the fair value assigned and the differences could be material.

         Cautionary Statement Regarding Financial Information of IIFL Holdings Limited,
         formerly known as India Infoline Limited

IIFL Holdings Limited, formerly known as India Infoline Limited (‘‘IIFL’’), prepares its financial statements in
accordance with Indian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (‘‘Indian GAAP’’). Fairfax India, as a
non-controlling shareholder of IIFL, is limited in respect to the amount of independent verification it is able to
perform with respect to IIFL’s financial information. The financial information contained in this MD&A was
prepared by IIFL exclusively for Fairfax India by the management and the board of directors of IIFL. Such statements
are the responsibility of the management of IIFL, have been prepared by them in accordance with IFRS as issued by
the IASB and are presented in Indian rupees.

IIFL’s financial information should be read in conjunction with Fairfax India’s historical financial statements
including the notes thereto and the related MD&A as well as Fairfax India’s other public filings.

Fairfax India has no knowledge that would indicate that any of IIFL’s financial information contained herein
requires material modifications. However, readers are cautioned that IIFL’s financial information contained in the
MD&A may not be appropriate for their purposes.

Business Developments

Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (‘‘Fairfax’’) has taken the initiative in creating the company and is Fairfax India’s
ultimate parent and acts as its administrator. Fairfax is a holding company which, through its subsidiaries, is engaged
in property and casualty insurance and reinsurance and investment management. Fairfax has been listed on the TSX
under the symbol ‘‘FFH’’ for 30 years.

Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel Ltd. (the ‘‘Portfolio Advisor’’), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fairfax and
registered portfolio manager in the province of Ontario, is the portfolio advisor of the company and its consolidated
subsidiaries, responsible to source and advise with respect to all investments for the company and its consolidated
subsidiaries.


                                                          34
During early 2015, the company completed its Initial Public Offering (‘‘IPO’’) of 50,000,000 subordinate voting
shares at a price of $10.00 per share for gross proceeds of $500 million. The company’s subordinate voting shares
began trading on the TSX under the symbol ‘‘FIH.U’’ on January 30, 2015. Concurrent with the IPO, the company
issued to Fairfax and its affiliates 30,000,000 multiple voting shares of the company on a private placement basis, for
gross proceeds of approximately $300 million. Also, concurrent with the closing of the IPO, the company issued
20,578,947 subordinate voting shares, on a private placement basis, for gross proceeds of approximately
$200 million. The combined gross proceeds of the IPO and private placements were approximately $1.0 billion.

On February 10, 2015, a syndicate of underwriters exercised the IPO over-allotment option and the company issued
an additional 6,099,932 subordinate voting shares at a price of $10.00 per share for total gross proceeds of
approximately $61 million. The exercise of the over-allotment option increased the combined total gross proceeds
from the IPO and private placements (‘‘the offerings’’) to approximately $1.06 billion (net proceeds of $1.02 billion
after issuance costs and expenses).

Acquisitions

        National Collateral Management Services Limited (‘‘NCML’’)

On August 19, 2015 the company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, FIH Mauritius, acquired a 73.56%
ownership interest in NCML by purchasing 23,326,335 newly issued shares and 71,050,691 shares from certain
shareholders for 2.0 billion Indian rupees ($30.7 million) and 6.1 billion Indian rupees ($93.5 million) respectively
for an aggregate investment of 8.1 billion Indian rupees ($124.2 million) (collectively, the ‘‘NCML Acquisition’’).

Subsequently, the company, through FIH Mauritius, acquired an additional 14.51% ownership interest in NCML by
purchasing 18,618,420 shares from minority shareholders for 1.6 billion Indian rupees ($24.5 million). As of
December 31, 2015, the company held 88.07% of the outstanding shares of NCML.

NCML is a ten year old company now preparing to expand to take advantage of the significant market potential in
India’s under-developed agricultural storage industry. NCML operates in the agriculture value chain by offering
end-to-end solutions in grain procurement, testing, storage and collateral management. As a result of recently
announced fiscal and non-fiscal changes in agriculture and food policy, private companies like NCML are enhancing
their range of services provided to Indian farmers, traders, food processors, banks, the government and other
businesses connected to the agriculture supply chain. This is expected to significantly improve efficiencies to help
India achieve its stated national objective of greater food security.

The company has determined there are no changes to NCML’s business, its capital structure and its operating
environment since closing of the acquisition on August 19, 2015. Accordingly, the acquisition price paid in Indian
rupees is considered to approximate fair value as at December 31, 2015.

The company’s fiscal year ends on December 31 and NCML’s fiscal year ends on March 31. Summarized below is
NCML’s financial information for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2015 and March 31, 2014 and financial
information for the most recent period available.

Balance Sheet
(in US$ and $ thousands – unaudited)

                                          At September 30, 2015(1)      At March 31, 2015(1)     At March 31, 2014(1)
Current assets                                                 57,390                 43,671                   43,561
Non-current assets                                             49,122                 45,411                   30,697
Current liabilities                                            16,871                 30,091                   22,729
Non-current liabilities                                        13,706                 13,512                    8,726
Shareholders’ equity                                           75,935                 45,479                   42,803




                                                          35
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Income Statement
(in US$ and $ thousands – unaudited)

                                                       Six months ended             Year ended              Year ended
                                                    September 30, 2015(2)      March 31, 2015(2)       March 31, 2014(2)
Sales                                                               26,922                 62,629                53,807
Net earnings before taxes                                            3,321                  4,279                 3,419
Net earnings                                                         2,923                  4,722                 2,637

(1) The net assets of NCML were translated at September 30, 2015 at US$1 = 65.64 Indian rupees, at March 31, 2015 at
    US$1 = 62.58 Indian rupees and at March 31, 2014 at US$1 = 59.72 Indian rupees. The exchange rates used were the spot
    rates prevailing on those respective dates.
(2) Amounts for the six months ended September 30, 2015 and years ended March 31, 2015 and March 31, 2014 were
    translated into US$ using the average exchange rates of US$1 = 64.17 Indian rupees, US$1 = 61.12 Indian rupees and
    US$1 = 60.26 Indian rupees prevailing during those respective periods.

         IIFL Holdings Limited

On December 1, 2015, Fairfax India upon closing of the IIFL open offer, acquired 68,788,445 IIFL shares (representing
21.85% of the issued and outstanding IIFL shares) at a price of 195 Indian rupees per share (approximately $3 per
share at exchange rates as at the date of the announcement) for an aggregate consideration of 13.4 billion Indian
rupees (approximately $202 million at exchange rates at close). In accordance with regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (‘‘SEBI’’), the company has 237.1 million Indian rupees ($3.6 million) in escrow to fund any
contingencies in relation to the IIFL open offer. The full amount of the escrow was released subsequent to
December 31, 2015.

Prior to the company’s investment in IIFL, Fairfax, through its subsidiaries, owned 8.88% of the issued and
outstanding IIFL shares, and had an economic interest in another approximately 5.19% of IIFL shares through
derivative instruments (all acquired prior to the establishment of Fairfax India).

FIH Mauritius and certain Fairfax affiliates provided undertakings to SEBI pursuant to which they agreed not to
undertake certain activities so as to avoid acquiring control of IIFL post completion of the IIFL open offer. In
particular, FIH Mauritius and the Fairfax affiliates have undertaken not to exercise voting rights on IIFL shareholder
resolutions for any IIFL shares exceeding 25% of the issued and outstanding IIFL shares at the time of voting,
effectively limiting voting to 25% even in cases where FIH Mauritius and the Fairfax affiliates own more than 25% of
the IIFL shares. FIH Mauritius and the Fairfax affiliates have also undertaken not to purchase additional IIFL shares if
the total IIFL shares owned by FIH Mauritius and the Fairfax affiliates would exceed approximately 36% of the issued
and outstanding IIFL shares unless FIH Mauritius and the Fairfax affiliates make an open offer or obtain the prior
consent of SEBI for such acquisition.

IIFL is a publicly traded, diversified financial services holding company in India with subsidiaries in non-banking
finance company (NBFC) business, wealth management, retail broking, institutional equities, investment banking
and financial products distribution. IIFL serves over three million customers from 2,500 business locations in
850 cities and towns in India. It also has an international presence, with offices in New York, Singapore, Dubai,
Geneva, Hong Kong, London and Mauritius.

The company’s fiscal year ends on December 31 and IIFL’s fiscal year ends on March 31. Summarized below is IIFL’s
financial information for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2015 and March 31, 2014 and financial information for
the most recent period available.

Balance Sheet
(in US$ and $ thousands – unaudited)

                                          At September 30, 2015(1)       At March 31, 2015(1)       At March 31, 2014(1)
Current assets                                            1,790,683                 2,029,446                 1,582,091
Non-current assets                                        1,284,306                 1,059,447                   856,405
Current liabilities                                       1,214,290                 1,096,818                 1,046,318
Non-current liabilities                                   1,421,046                 1,575,121                 1,030,311
Shareholders’ equity                                        439,653                   416,954                   361,867


                                                           36
Income Statement
(in US$ and $ thousands – unaudited)

                                                        Six months ended              Year ended             Year ended
                                                     September 30, 2015(2)       March 31, 2015(2)      March 31, 2014(2)
Sales                                                               310,129                598,148                470,708
Net earnings before taxes                                            63,422                116,948                 66,788
Net earnings                                                         42,440                 75,514                 46,319

(1) The net assets of IIFL were translated at September 30, 2015 at US$1 = 65.64 Indian rupees, at March 31, 2015 at US$1 =
    62.58 Indian rupees and at March 31, 2014 at US$1 = 59.72 Indian rupees. The exchange rates used were the spot rates
    prevailing on those respective dates.
(2) Amounts for the six months ended September 30, 2015 and years ended March 31, 2015 and March 31, 2014 were
    translated into US$ using the average exchange rates of US$1 = 64.17 Indian rupees, US$1 = 61.12 Indian rupees and
    US$1 = 60.26 Indian rupees prevailing during those respective periods.

         Subsequent to December 31, 2015

Acquisition of Adi Finechem Limited

On February 8, 2016 the company acquired a 45% ownership interest in Adi Finechem Limited (‘‘Adi’’) from existing
shareholders for an aggregate investment of approximately 1.3 billion Indian rupees (approximately $19 million
based on the exchange rate on the date of close) which represented a purchase price of 212 Indian rupees per share
(approximately $3.12 per share based on the exchange rate on the date of close). Pursuant to the requirements of
SEBI, Fairfax India was required to make an open offer for an additional 26% of the shares outstanding of Adi. At
December 31, 2015 the company had deposited 190.1 million Indian rupees ($2.9 million) in escrow to partially
fund this open offer. There were no shares tendered pursuant to the open offer and the funds held in escrow were
subsequently released.

Adi is a specialty chemical manufacturer located near Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Adi manufactures oleo chemicals
used in the paints, inks and adhesives industries, as well as intermediate nutraceutical and health products. It has
developed an in-house technology that uses machinery manufactured by leading European companies to convert
waste generated during the production of soy, sunflower, corn and cotton oil into valuable chemicals. Those
chemicals include acids that go into non-edible products like soap, detergents, personal care products and paints,
and other products that are used in the manufacture of health foods and vitamin E. The company’s customers
include major multinational companies including BASF, Archer Daniels Midland, Cargill, Advanced Organic
Materials, IFFCO Chemicals and Asian Paints.

Business Objectives

         Investment Objective

The company is an investment holding company. Its investment objective is to achieve long term capital
appreciation, while preserving capital, by investing, either directly or through one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
in public and private equities and debt instruments in India and Indian businesses or other businesses with
customers, suppliers or business primarily conducted in, or dependent on, India (‘‘Indian Investments’’).

         Investment Strategy

The company invests in businesses that are expected to benefit from India’s pro business political environment, its
growing middle class and its demographic trends that are expected to underpin strong growth for several years.
Sectors of the Indian economy that the company believes will benefit most from such trends include infrastructure,
consumer services, retail and exports. The company is not limited to investing solely in these sectors and intends to
invest in other sectors as opportunities arise.

The company utilizes, and expects to benefit significantly from, the experience and expertise of Fairfax and the
Portfolio Advisor.

The company employs a conservative, fundamental value-based approach to identifying and investing in high
quality public and private Indian businesses. This approach is designed to compound book value per share over the


                                                            37
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



long term. The company seeks attractive risk adjusted returns, but will at all times emphasize downside protection
and minimize the loss of capital.

The company intends to make Indian Investments with a view to be a strategic partner to grow the business. The
level and nature of this strategic relationship will vary by investment. It may include one or more of the following, as
deemed appropriate by the company: (i) board appointment or nomination rights; (ii) board observer rights;
(iii) input on management selection; (iv) the provision of managerial assistance; and, (v) ongoing monitoring and
cooperation with the board and management of the portfolio business to ensure that its strategy is being
implemented in a manner that is consistent with the investment objectives of the company, and with Fairfax’s
fundamental values (as set forth in Fairfax’s guiding principles which are included in Fairfax’s publicly available
annual reports).

         Investment Selection

To identify potential investments, the company principally relies on the expertise of the Portfolio Advisor and
its affiliates.

The following is an illustrative list of criteria that the company and the Portfolio Advisor believe to be paramount
when identifying and investing in Indian Investments:

Attractive valuation: The company’s conservative fundamental value approach leads it to focus on businesses that
have positive, stable cash flows that can be purchased at discounted multiples. The company does not invest in
start-up businesses or businesses that have speculative business plans.

Experienced and aligned management: The company focuses on businesses with experienced, entrepreneurial
management teams with strong, long-term track records. The company generally requires the portfolio businesses to
have in place, either prior to or immediately following investment by the company, proper incentives to drive the
businesses’ profitability.

Strong competitive position in industry: The company seeks to invest in businesses that hold leading market positions,
possess strong brand power and are well-positioned to capitalize on the growth opportunities in the Indian economy.
The company also seeks to invest in businesses that demonstrate significant competitive advantages as compared to
their peers and that position them to protect their market position and profitability.

Alignment of the management team with the values of the company: The company, Fairfax and the Portfolio Advisor all
seek to adhere to the highest standards of business practices and ethics. The company requires that the management
teams at each of its portfolio businesses adhere to a similar standard of business practices and ethics and adhere to the
company’s fundamental values as described above.

The Portfolio Advisor and its affiliates conduct thorough due diligence investigations when evaluating any Indian
Investments prior to a recommendation to the company and its subsidiaries to make an investment. This generally
includes consultations with Fairfax’s network of current and former management teams, consultants, competitors,
investment bankers and senior executives to assess, among other things, the industry dynamics, the character of the
management team and the viability of the business plan.

More specifically, due diligence in respect of a particular investment opportunity typically includes, among other
items as deemed necessary from time to time: (i) review of historical and projected financial information; (ii) on-site
visits; (iii) interviews with management, employees, customers and vendors; (iv) review of material agreements;
(v) background checks; and, (vi) research relating to the businesses’ management, industry, markets, products and
services, and competitors.

         Investment Restrictions

The company will not make an Indian Investment if, after giving effect to such investment, the total invested
amount of such investment would exceed 20% of the company’s total assets; provided, however, that the company is
nonetheless permitted to complete up to two Indian Investments where, after giving effect to each such investment,
the total invested amount of each such investment would be less than or equal to 25% of the company’s total assets
(the ‘‘Investment Concentration Restriction’’). The company intends to make multiple different investments as part
of its prudent investment strategy, and, accordingly, will invest the net proceeds of the offerings in at least six



                                                           38
different Indian Investments that satisfy the Investment Concentration Restriction. As at December 31, 2015 the
company is in compliance with these investment restrictions.

         Ongoing Monitoring of Indian Investments

The company will take an active role in overseeing its Indian Investments to ensure that its investment thesis is
properly executed and that the fundamental values of the company are being upheld on an ongoing basis. The
company will monitor, among other things, the financial trends of each of its portfolio businesses to determine if it is
meeting its business plan and objectives. The company will also assess, from time to time, the appropriate course of
action for each such portfolio investment.

The company will have several methods of evaluating and assessing the performance and fair value of its Indian
Investments, including:

    • assessment of success in adhering to the portfolio investment’s business plan, objectives and compliance
      with covenants;

    • periodic and regular contact with management of the portfolio business and, if appropriate, the financial or
      strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments;
    • comparisons to other portfolio businesses in the industry in which the company or its affiliates are involved;

    • attendance at, and participation in, board meetings; and

    • review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections for the portfolio businesses.

The company may from time to time seek to realize on any of its portfolio investments. The circumstances under
which the company may sell some or all of its investments include: (i) where the company believes that the
investments are fully valued or that the original investment thesis has played out; or (ii) where the company has
identified other investment opportunities which it believes present more attractive risk-adjusted return
opportunities and additional capital is needed to make such alternative investments. The company would exit its
private investments either through initial public offering or private sale. For publicly traded investments, exit
strategies may include selling the investments through private placements or in public markets.

Results of Operations

For the year ended December 31, 2015

                                                                                         U.S. dollars Indian rupees
                                                                                                  (in thousands)
Interest income                                                                               44,699         2,866,197
Net unrealized gains on investments                                                           17,675         1,133,354
Other gains                                                                                    2,877           184,524
Total expenses                                                                               (10,908)         (699,456)
Earnings before income taxes                                                                  54,343         3,484,619
Provision for income taxes                                                                   (13,404)         (859,477)
Net earnings                                                                                  40,939         2,625,142


The company reported net earnings of $40.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2015. In 2015, the company
earned interest income of $44.7 million on its bond portfolio which is principally denominated in Indian rupees. Net
unrealized gains on investments of $17.7 million in the year were primarily related to a mark-to-market gain on IIFL.
Other gains of $2.9 million in 2015 were primarily related to foreign exchange gains.

Total expenses in 2015 of $10.9 million were primarily comprised of $5.4 million of investment and advisory fees
calculated on the NAV of the company and transaction expenses of $2.7 million.

The provision for income taxes of $13.4 million in 2015 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be
determined by applying the company’s Canadian statutory income tax rate of 26.5% to the company’s earnings
before income taxes primarily due to foreign exchange fluctuations and the unrecorded benefit of losses and
temporary differences.


                                                          39
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



For the three months ended December 31, 2015

                                                                                        U.S. dollars Indian rupees
                                                                                                 (in thousands)
Interest income                                                                              11,983          768,360
Net unrealized gains on investments                                                          16,619        1,065,644
Other gains                                                                                   1,065           68,286
Total expenses                                                                               (2,559)        (164,092)
Earnings before income taxes                                                                 27,108        1,738,198
Provision for income taxes                                                                   (6,317)        (405,088)
Net earnings                                                                                 20,791        1,333,110


The company reported net earnings of $20.8 million for the three months ended December 31, 2015. Income for the
three months ended December 31, 2015 of $29.7 million consisted primarily of interest income earned on
investments in the Indian corporate and government bond portfolio of $11.9 million and a mark-to-market gain of
$18.6 million on IIFL partially offset by an unrealized loss of $2.0 million on the bond portfolio.

Total expenses for the three months ended December 31, 2015 primarily related to investment advisory fees of
$1.9 million.

Consolidated Balance Sheet Summary

                                                                                             December 31, 2015

                                                                                        U.S. dollars Indian rupees
                                                                                                 (in thousands)
Total assets                                                                              1,025,451       67,840,013
Total liabilities                                                                            12,122          801,981
Common shareholders’ equity                                                               1,013,329       67,038,032


         Assets

Cash and cash equivalents of $12.5 million and restricted cash of $6.4 million at December 31, 2015 included a
combination of U.S. dollars and foreign currencies (expressed in U.S. dollars and Indian rupees) as shown below:

                                                                                             December 31, 2015

                                                                                        U.S. dollars Indian rupees
                                                                                                 (in thousands)
Canadian dollars                                                                                 42            2,753
Indian rupees(1)                                                                              6,457          427,191
Mauritius rupees                                                                                 55            3,667
U.S. dollars(2)                                                                              12,367          818,178
Total                                                                                        18,921        1,251,789

(1) In escrow for IIFL and Adi (see the Business Developments section of this MD&A).
(2) Includes a fixed deposit of $4,501 with weekly redemption.

The company’s investments totaled $978.6 million at December 31, 2015, and were comprised of short term
U.S. treasury bills of $50.1 million, Indian corporate bonds of $389.3 million (25.8 billion Indian rupees),
Government of India bonds of $123.4 million (8.2 billion Indian rupees), NCML at fair value of $146.4 million
(9.7 billion Indian rupees), IIFL at fair value of $220.7 million (14.6 billion Indian rupees) and investment funds of
$48.4 million.




                                                         40
Interest receivable of $27.7 million at December 31, 2015 principally related to accrued interest on the company’s
Indian corporate and government bond portfolio.

        Liabilities

Payable to related parties of $2.0 million at December 31, 2015 was primarily comprised of investment and advisory
fees payable to Fairfax.

        Net Asset Value or Book Value Per Share

                                                                                                December 31, 2015
Net assets                                                                                           $   1,013,329
Number of common shares outstanding                                                                    106,678,879
NAV per share                                                                                        $        9.50

        Investments

The company’s investment portfolio composition between Indian and U.S. investments was as follows:

                                                                                          December 31, 2015

                                                                                        India       U.S.     Total
Short term U.S. treasury bills                                                             –     50,143     50,143
Government of India bonds                                                            123,448          –    123,448
Indian corporate bonds                                                               389,341          –    389,341
Investment funds                                                                      48,445          –     48,445
NCML                                                                                 146,445          –    146,445
IIFL                                                                                 220,747          –    220,747
Total                                                                                928,426     50,143    978,569


As at December 31, 2015 the company had invested in securities rated as investment grade or higher by a Designated
Rating Organization (‘‘DRO’’), being DBRS Limited, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service (‘‘S&P’’), Fitch Inc. and
Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (‘‘Moody’s’’), or subsidiaries or affiliates of a DRO. The company’s investment
portfolio includes short term U.S. treasury bills rated Aaa by Moody’s and AA+ by S&P, Government of India bonds
rated Baa3 by Moody’s and BBB by S&P, and Indian corporate bonds rated AAA by subsidiaries of a DRO. The
company is exposed to indirect credit risk through its holdings in investment funds.

The company is actively seeking investment opportunities in India and will continue to re-direct capital from its
bond portfolio into Indian Investments as and when those opportunities are identified. For more information about
recent acquisitions, see the Business Developments section of this MD&A.




                                                       41
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



Liquidity and Capital Resources

In 2015 the company raised gross proceeds of $1.06 billion through the offerings. Issuance costs of $38.8 million
(net of taxes) were primarily comprised of fees paid to underwriters of the subordinate voting shares. For a discussion
of purchases of investments, refer to the Consolidated Balance Sheet Summary section of this MD&A.

                                                                                                                  2015
Operating activities
 Cash used in operating activities before the undernoted                                                       (4,287)
 Net purchases of investments                                                                              (1,011,137)

Financing activities
  Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                       766,788
  Issuance of multiple voting shares                                                                          300,000
  Issuance costs, net of taxes                                                                                (38,816)
  Share-based payments, net                                                                                      (319)
Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                          12,229


The company believes it has adequate working capital to support its operations. The company’s primary uses of cash
are to make investments and to pay related expenses.

Related Party Transactions

The company’s related party transactions are disclosed in note 10 (Related Party Transactions) to the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015.

Contractual Obligations

Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the company and its subsidiaries are contractually obligated
to pay an investment and advisory fee and, if applicable, a performance fee. These fees will vary based on the NAV of
the company.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the company incurred investment and advisory fees of $5,393.
The performance fee is paid for the period from January 30, 2015 to December 31, 2017 and for each consecutive
three-year period thereafter, and is calculated, on a cumulative basis, as 20% of any increase in NAV (including
distributions) above a 5% per annum increase. The company has determined that the performance fee is not
applicable for the year ended December 31, 2015.

Accounting and Disclosure Matters

        Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of the company’s management, including the company’s CEO and
CFO, the company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as of
December 31, 2015, as required by the Canadian securities legislation. Disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by Fairfax India in the reports it files or submits
under securities legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis and that such
information is accumulated and reported to management, including the company’s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to
allow required disclosures to be made in a timely fashion. Based on their evaluation, the CEO and CFO have
concluded that as of December 31, 2015, the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

        Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments

Please refer to note 4 (Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments) to the consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2015.




                                                          42
          Significant Accounting Changes

The company completed its initial public offering on January 30, 2015 and commenced its investment activities
shortly thereafter. Please refer to note 3 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 for a detailed discussion of the company’s accounting policies.

          Future Accounting Changes

Certain IFRS standards are currently undergoing modification or are yet to be issued for the first time. New standards
and amendments that have been issued but are not yet effective are described in note 3 (Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies) to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015.

Comparative Quarterly Data (unaudited)
(in thousands)

                            December 31,       December 31,       September 30,           June 30,          March 31,       December 31,
                                     2015                2015               2015              2015                2015               2014
                              (U.S. dollars)    (Indian rupees)      (U.S. dollars)    (U.S. dollars)      (U.S. dollars)     (U.S. dollars)
Income                              29,667         1,902,290               30,114            1,267                4,203                   –
Expenses                             2,559           164,092                4,418            2,487                1,444                   –
Provision for (recovery of)
  income taxes                       6,317           405,088                7,378              965                (1,256)                 –
Net earnings (loss)                 20,791         1,333,110               18,318           (2,185)                4,015                  –
Net earnings (loss) per share         0.20             12.50                 0.17            (0.02)                 0.06                  –

Income primarily consisted of interest income on the bond portfolio and net realized and unrealized gains on
investments. Expenses primarily related to investment management fees, transaction and related costs and
professional fees.

Outstanding Share Data

At March 11, 2016 the company had 76,678,879 subordinate voting shares and 30,000,000 multiple voting shares
outstanding (an aggregate of 106,678,879 shares effectively outstanding). Each subordinate voting share carries one
(1) vote per share at all meetings of shareholders except for separate meetings of holders of another class of shares.
Each multiple voting share carries fifty (50) votes per share at all meetings of shareholders except for separate
meetings of holders of another class of shares. The multiple voting shares are not publicly traded.

The table that follows presents the Toronto Stock Exchange high, low and closing U.S. dollar prices of the
subordinate voting shares of Fairfax India for each quarter of 2015.

                                                                                        First            Second     Third         Fourth
                                                                                      Quarter           Quarter Quarter          Quarter
                                                                                                              (US$)
2015
  High                                                                                  11.59             12.74         12.10       11.15
  Low                                                                                    9.80             11.19         10.60       10.02
  Close                                                                                 11.50             11.35         11.00       10.10

Risk Management

The risks described below are not the only ones facing the company and its shareholders. Additional risks not
currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. The company,
its consolidated subsidiaries, Fairfax and the Portfolio Advisor monitor these risks on an on-going basis and take
actions as needed to mitigate their impact.

          Geographic Concentration of Investments

The company intends to invest in India and in Indian businesses or other businesses with customers, suppliers or
business primarily conducted in, or dependent on, India. As a result, the company’s performance will be particularly
sensitive to economic changes in India. The market value of the company’s investments, the income generated by


                                                                  43
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



the company and the company’s performance will be particularly sensitive to changes in the economic condition
and regulatory environment in India. Adverse changes in the economic condition or regulatory environment of
India may have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, cash flows, financial condition and net earnings.

         Foreign Currency Fluctuation

All of the company’s investments will be made in India and Indian businesses or other businesses with customers,
suppliers or business primarily conducted in, or dependent on, India, and the financial position and results for these
investments are principally denominated in Indian rupees. The functional currency of the company and its
consolidated subsidiaries (FIH Mauritius and FIH Private) is Indian rupees and the company’s reporting currency is
U.S. dollars.

The company presents its consolidated financial statements in U.S. dollars to accommodate requests from investors
and to make the statements comparable with other North American investment entities.

Accordingly, the revenues and expenses from its investments are translated at the average rates of exchange in effect
during the applicable reporting period. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates in effect at the
balance sheet date. As a result, the company’s consolidated financial position is subject to foreign currency
fluctuation risk, which could materially adversely impact its operating results and cash flows. Although the company
may enter into currency hedging arrangements in respect of its foreign currency cash flows, there can be no
assurance that the company will do so or, if it does, that the full amount of the foreign currency exposure will be
hedged at any time.

         Volatility of the Indian Securities Markets

Stock exchanges in India have, in the past, experienced substantial fluctuations in the prices of listed securities. The
stock exchanges in India have also experienced temporary exchange closures, broker defaults, settlement delays and
strikes by brokerage firm employees. In addition, the governing bodies of the stock exchanges in India have, from
time to time, imposed restrictions on trading in certain securities, limitations on price movements and margin
requirements. Furthermore, from time to time, disputes have occurred between listed businesses and stock
exchanges and other regulatory bodies, which in some cases may have had a negative effect on market sentiment.

         Investments May Be Made In Indian Private Businesses Where Information Is Unreliable
         or Unavailable

In pursuing the company’s investment strategy, the company may seek to make one or more investments in
privately-held businesses. As minimal public information exists about private businesses, the company could be
required to make investment decisions on whether to pursue a potential investment in a private business on the basis
of limited information, which may result in an investment in a business that is not as profitable as the company
initially believed, if at all. Investments in private businesses pose certain incremental risks as compared to
investments in public businesses, including that they:

    • have reduced access to the capital markets, resulting in diminished capital resources and ability to withstand
      financial distress;

    • may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities
      that the company may hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a
      reduction in the likelihood of the company realizing any guarantees that it may have obtained in connection
      with its investment;

    • may have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses,
      which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors’ actions and changing market conditions, as well
      as general economic downturns;

    • are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the
      death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse
      impact on an investment and, as a result, the company; and




                                                          44
    • generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be
      engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may
      require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their
      competitive position.

         Valuation Methodologies Involve Subjective Judgments

For purposes of IFRS-compliant financial reporting, the company’s assets and liabilities are valued in accordance with
IFRS. Accordingly, the company is required to follow a specific framework for measuring the fair value of its assets
and liabilities and, in its audited consolidated financial statements, to provide certain disclosures regarding the use of
fair value measurements.

The fair value measurement accounting guidance establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework that ranks the
observability of market inputs used in measuring financing instruments at fair value. The observability of inputs
depends on a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the
financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions
between market participants. Financial instruments with readily quoted prices, or for which fair value can be
measured from quoted prices in active markets, generally will have a high degree of market price observability and
less judgment applied in determining fair value.

A portion of the company’s portfolio investments may be in the form of securities that are not publicly traded. The
fair value of securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable. The
company will value these securities quarterly at fair value as determined in good faith by the company and in
accordance with the valuation policies and procedures under IFRS. The company may utilize the services of an
independent valuation firm to aid it in determining the fair value of these securities. The types of factors that may be
considered in fair value pricing of the company’s investments include the nature and realizable value of any
collateral, the portfolio business’ ability to make payments and its earnings, the markets in which the portfolio
investment does business, comparisons to publicly traded companies, discounted cash flows and other relevant
factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are
inherently uncertain, such valuations may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, and
the company’s determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a
ready market for these securities existed. The value of the company’s total assets could be materially adversely
affected if the company’s determinations regarding the fair value of its investments were materially higher than the
values that it ultimately realizes upon the disposition of such securities.

The value of the company’s portfolio may also be affected by changes in accounting standards, policies or practices.
From time to time, the company will be required to adopt new or revised accounting standards or guidance. It is
possible that future accounting standards that the company is required to adopt could change the valuation of the
company’s assets and liabilities.

Due to a wide variety of market factors and the nature of certain securities to be held by the company, there is no
guarantee that the value determined by the company or any third-party valuation agents will represent the value
that will be realized by the company on the eventual disposition of the investment or that would, in fact, be realized
upon an immediate disposition of the investment. Moreover, the valuations to be performed by the company or any
third-party valuation agents are inherently different from the valuation of the company’s securities that would be
performed if the company were forced to liquidate all or a significant portion of its securities, as liquidation valuation
could be materially lower.

         Pace of Completing Investments

The company’s business is to identify, with the assistance of the Portfolio Advisor, suitable investment opportunities,
pursuing such opportunities and consummating such investment opportunities. If the company is unable to source
and manage its investments effectively, it would adversely impact the company’s financial position and net earnings.
There can be no assurance as to the pace of finding and implementing investment opportunities. Conversely, there
may only be a limited number of suitable investment opportunities at any given time. This may cause the company,
while it deploys cash proceeds (from the offerings) not yet invested, to hold significant levels of cash, cash
equivalents, bonds or short term treasury bills. A lengthy period prior to which capital is deployed may adversely
affect the company’s overall performance.



                                                           45
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



         Minority Investments

The company may make minority equity investments in businesses in which the company does not participate in
the management or otherwise control the business or affairs of such businesses. The company will monitor the
performance of each investment and maintain an ongoing dialogue with each business’ management team.
However, it will be primarily the responsibility of the management of the business to operate the business on a
day-to-day basis and the company may not have the right to control such business.

         Reliance on Key Personnel and Risks Associated with the Investment Advisory Agreement

The management and governance of the company depends on the services of certain key personnel, including the
Portfolio Advisor, Fairfax, as administrator, and certain executive officers of the company. The loss of the services of
any key personnel, particularly V. Prem Watsa and Chandran Ratnaswami, could have a material adverse effect on
the company and materially adversely affect the company’s financial condition and net earnings.

The company will rely on the Portfolio Advisor and its affiliates, from time to time with respect to the sourcing of its
investments. Consequently, the company’s ability to achieve its investment objectives depends in large part on the
Portfolio Advisor and its ability to identify and advise the company on attractive investment opportunities. This
means that the company’s investments are dependent upon the Portfolio Advisor’s business contacts, its ability to
successfully hire, train, supervise and manage its personnel and its ability to maintain its operating systems. If the
company were to lose the services provided by the Portfolio Advisor or its key personnel or if the Portfolio Advisor
fails to satisfactorily perform its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the company’s investments
and growth prospects may decline.

The company may be unable to duplicate the quality and depth of management from the Portfolio Advisor if the
company were to source and manage its own investments or if it were to hire another investment advisor. If the
Portfolio Advisor should cease for whatever reason to be the investment advisor of the company or Fairfax should
cease to provide investment administration services to the company, the cost of obtaining substitute services may be
greater than the fees the company will pay the Portfolio Advisor and Fairfax under the Investment Advisory
Agreement, and this may adversely affect the company’s ability to meet its objectives and execute its strategy which
could materially and adversely affect the company’s cash flows, net earnings and financial condition.

         Lawsuits

The company operates in Canada, Mauritius and India and may, from time to time, become party to a variety of legal
claims and regulatory proceedings. The existence of such claims against the company and its consolidated
subsidiaries, directors or officers could have adverse effects, including the incurrence of significant legal expenses
defending claims, even those without merit.

The company and its consolidated subsidiaries manage day-to-day regulatory and legal risk primarily by
implementing appropriate policies, procedures and controls. Internal and external counsels also work closely with
the company and its consolidated subsidiaries to identify and mitigate areas of potential regulatory and legal risk.

         Significant Shareholder

Fairfax, through its subsidiaries, owns 30 million multiple voting shares of the company. These shares represent
95.1% of the voting rights and 28.1% of the equity interest in Fairfax India at December 31, 2015. Fairfax has the
ability to substantially influence certain actions requiring shareholder approval, including approving a business
combination or consolidation, liquidation or sale of assets, electing members of the Board of Directors and adopting
amendments to articles of incorporation and by-laws.

         Taxation Risks

The company structures its business to prevailing taxation law and practice in Canada, Mauritius and India. Any
change in tax policy, tax legislation (including in relation to taxation rates), the interpretation of tax policy or
legislation or practice could adversely affect the company’s return earned on investments and on the capital available
to be invested. Further, taxes and other constraints that would apply to the company and its consolidated
subsidiaries in such jurisdictions may not apply to other parties, and such parties may therefore have a significantly
lower effective cost of capital and a corresponding competitive advantage in pursuing acquisitions. A number of
other factors may increase the effective tax rates, which would have a negative impact on net earnings. These

                                                          46
include, but are not limited to, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any
reassessment of taxes by a taxation authority.

The company has specialist tax personnel for assessing the income tax consequences of planned transactions and
events and undertaking the appropriate tax planning. The company also consults with external tax professionals as
needed. Tax legislation of each jurisdiction in which the company operates is interpreted to determine income taxes
and expected timing of the reversal of deferred income tax assets and liabilities. Any amendments to the capital gains
and permanent establishment articles in the India-Mauritius Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement may result in
capital gains derived from the company or its investments in India becoming subject to tax in India, which could
have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition and net earnings.

         Emerging Markets

The company’s investment objective is to achieve long-term capital appreciation, while preserving capital, by
investing in Indian Investments. Foreign investment risk is particularly high given that the company invests in
securities of issuers based in or doing business in an emerging market country.

The economies of emerging market countries have been and may continue to be adversely affected by economic
conditions in the countries with which they trade. The economies of emerging market countries may also be
predominantly based on only a few industries or dependent on revenues from particular commodities.

Also, because publicly traded debt instruments of emerging market issuers represent a relatively recent innovation in
the world debt markets, there is little historical data or related market experience concerning the attributes of such
instruments under all economic, market and political conditions.

Other heightened risks associated with emerging markets investments include without limitation: (i) risks due to less
social, political and economic stability, including the risk of war, terrorism, nationalization, limitations on the
removal of funds or other assets, or diplomatic developments that affect investments in these countries; (ii) the
smaller size of the market for such securities and a lower volume of trading, resulting in a lack of liquidity and in price
volatility; (iii) certain national policies which may restrict the company’s investment opportunities, including
restrictions on investing in issuers or industries deemed sensitive to relevant national interests and requirements that
government approval be obtained prior to investment by foreign persons; (iv) certain national policies that may
restrict the company’s repatriation of investment income, capital or the proceeds of sales of securities, including
temporary restrictions on foreign capital remittances; (v) the lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards
and/or standards that may be significantly different from the standards required in Canada; (vi) less publicly
available financial and other information regarding issuers; (vii) potential difficulties in enforcing contractual
obligations; and (viii) higher rates of inflation, higher interest rates and other economic concerns. The company may
invest to a substantial extent in emerging market securities that are denominated in Indian rupees, subjecting the
company to a greater degree of foreign currency risk.

As reflected in the above discussion, investments in emerging market securities involve a greater degree of risk than,
and special risks in addition to the risks associated with, investments in domestic securities or in securities of foreign
developed countries.

         Economic Risk

The Indian economy has grown rapidly during the past several years and there is no assurance that this growth rate
will be maintained. India may experience substantial (and, in some cases, extremely high) rates of inflation or
economic recessions causing a negative effect on the Indian economy. India may also impose restrictions on the
exchange or export of currency, institute adverse currency exchange rates or experience a lack of available currency
hedging instruments. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Indian economy.

Compliance with Corporate Governance Rules

Fairfax India is a Canadian reporting issuer with securities listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and trading in
U.S. dollars under the symbol FIH.U. It has in place corporate governance practices that comply with all applicable
rules and substantially comply with all applicable guidelines and policies of the Canadian Securities Administrators
and the practices set out therein.




                                                            47
FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION



The company’s Board of Directors has adopted a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines (which include a written
mandate of the Board), established an Audit Committee and Governance, Compensation and Nominating
Committee, approved written charters for all of its committees, approved a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
applicable to all directors, officers and employees of the company and established, in conjunction with the Audit
Committee, a Whistleblower Policy. The company continues to monitor developments in the area of corporate
governance as well as its own procedures.

Forward-Looking Statements

This annual report may contain forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities legislation.
Forward-looking statements may relate to the company’s future outlook and anticipated events or results and may
include statements regarding the financial position, business strategy, growth strategy, budgets, operations, financial
results, taxes, dividends, plans and objectives of the company. Particularly, statements regarding future results,
performance, achievements, prospects or opportunities of the company or the Indian market are forward-looking
statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as ‘‘plans’’, ‘‘expects’’ or ‘‘does not expect’’, ‘‘is expected’’, ‘‘budget’’, ‘‘scheduled’’, ‘‘estimates’’, ‘‘forecasts’’,
‘‘intends’’, ‘‘anticipates’’ or ‘‘does not anticipate’’ or ‘‘believes’’, or variations of such words and phrases or state that
certain actions, events or results ‘‘may’’, ‘‘could’’, ‘‘would’’, ‘‘might’’, ‘‘will’’ or ‘‘will be taken’’, ‘‘occur’’ or
‘‘be achieved’’.

Forward-looking statements are based on the opinions and estimates of the company as of the date of this annual
report, and they are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may
cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the following factors:
taxation of the company and its subsidiaries; substantial loss of capital; long-term nature of investment; limited
number of investments; geographic concentration of investments; potential lack of diversification; financial market
fluctuations; pace of completing investments; control or significant influence position risk; minority investments;
ranking of company investments and structural subordination; follow-on investments; prepayments of debt
investments; risks upon dispositions of investments; bridge financings; reliance on key personnel; effect of fees;
performance fee could induce Fairfax to make speculative investments; operating and financial risks of investments;
allocation of personnel; potential conflicts of interest; employee misconduct at the portfolio advisor could harm the
company; valuation methodologies involve subjective judgments; lawsuits; foreign currency fluctuation; derivative
risks; unknown merits and risks of future investments; resources could be wasted in researching investment
opportunities that are not ultimately completed; investments may be made in foreign private businesses where
information is unreliable or unavailable; illiquidity of investments; competitive market for investment
opportunities; use of leverage; investing in leveraged businesses; regulation; investment and repatriation restrictions;
aggregation restrictions; restrictions relating to debt securities; pricing guidelines; emerging markets; corporate
disclosure, governance and regulatory requirements; legal and regulatory risks; volatility of the Indian securities
markets; political, economic, social and other factors; governance issues risk; Indian tax law; changes in law;
exposure to permanent establishment, etc.; enforcement of rights; smaller company risk; due diligence and conduct
of potential investment entities; Asian economic risk; reliance on trading partners risk; natural disaster risks;
government debt risk; and economic risk. Additional risks and uncertainties are described in the company’s annual
information form which is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the company’s website at
www.fairfaxindia.ca. These factors and assumptions are not intended to represent a complete list of the factors and
assumptions that could affect the company. These factors and assumptions, however, should be considered carefully.

Although the company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as
anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate, as
actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly,
readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to update
any forward-looking statements contained herein, except as required by applicable securities laws.




                                                              48
Directors of the Company                               Officers of the Company

Anthony F. Griffiths                                   Chandran Ratnaswami
Corporate Director                                     Chief Executive Officer

Christopher D. Hodgson                                 John Varnell
President                                              Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
Ontario Mining Association
                                                       V. Prem Watsa
Alan D. Horn                                           Chairman
President and Chief Executive Officer
Rogers Telecommunications Limited                      Head Office
Deepak Parekh                                          95 Wellington Street West
Chairman                                               Suite 800
Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited        Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2N7
                                                       Telephone: (416) 367-4755
Harsha Raghavan
                                                       Website: www.fairfaxindia.ca
Managing Director
Fairbridge Capital Private Limited
                                                       Auditor
Chandran Ratnaswami
Chief Executive Officer of the Company                 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha                                 Transfer Agents and Registrars
Managing Partner
Pacific Paradigm Advisors LLC                          Computershare Trust Company of Canada, Toronto

V. Prem Watsa
                                                       Share Listing
Chairman of the Company
                                                       Toronto Stock Exchange
Operating Management                                   Stock Symbol: FIH.U

  FIH Mauritius Investments Ltd.
                                                       Annual Meeting
Amy Tan
                                                       The annual meeting of the shareholders of
Chief Executive Officer
                                                       Fairfax India Holdings Corporation will be
                                                       held on Thursday, April 14, 2016 at 2:00 p.m.
                                                       (Toronto time) at Roy Thomson Hall,
                                                       60 Simcoe Street, Toronto, Canada




                                                  49
