     ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014



                                  7JAN201517471891


                 March 30, 2015



       Fairfax India Holdings Corporation
       95 Wellington Street West, Suite 800
        Toronto, Ontario Canada M5J 2N7
           FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION — 2014 ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM
                                                      TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                                           Page Reference

CERTAIN REFERENCES AND FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS . . . . . . . . . .                                                              3
CORPORATE STRUCTURE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                          4
GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                            4
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                              5
MI CO AND MI SUB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   8
THE PORTFOLIO ADVISOR AND FAIRBRIDGE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                          13
THE PORTFOLIO ADMINISTRATOR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                 17
CALCULATION OF TOTAL ASSETS AND NET ASSET VALUE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                     17
THE CUSTODIANS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  18
SUMMARY OF FEES AND EXPENSES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                  18
RISK FACTORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              21
DIVIDEND POLICY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 40
DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                              40
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDER . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                         45
MARKET FOR SECURITIES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                         48
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                   49
INDEBTEDNESS OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                            58
PROMOTER . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            59
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND REGULATORY ACTIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                  59
INTEREST OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS .                                                                      59
AUDITOR, TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                             59
MATERIAL CONTRACTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      60
INTERESTS OF EXPERTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      60
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                            60
GLOSSARY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          61
APPENDIX A — BOARD MANDATE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                              A-1
APPENDIX B — AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                        B-1

     Copies of this annual information form may be obtained from the Company’s Corporate Secretary at
95 Wellington Street West, Suite 800, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2N7. This annual information form may also be
found on the Company’s website at www.fairfaxindia.ca or on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. See ‘‘Additional
Information’’.




                                                                    -2-
CERTAIN REFERENCES AND FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
     Except as otherwise noted, all information given is at, or for the fiscal year ended, December 31, 2014.
     Certain capitalized terms and phrases used in this annual information form are defined in the ‘‘Glossary’’.
     Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, ‘‘Fairfax India’’ or the ‘‘Company’’ refers to
Fairfax India Holdings Corporation together with one or more of its subsidiaries.
     The Company reports its consolidated financial statements in U.S. dollars. All financial information,
financial data and other monetary data in this annual information form are reported in U.S. dollars unless
otherwise noted. All references to ‘‘US$’’ or ‘‘$’’ are to United States dollars.
     This annual information form contains ‘‘forward-looking statements’’ within the meaning of applicable
securities laws. Forward-looking statements may relate to the Company’s future outlook and anticipated events
or results and may include statements regarding the financial position, business strategy, growth strategy,
budgets, operations, financial results, taxes, dividends, plans and objectives of the Company. Particularly,
statements regarding future results, performance, achievements, prospects or opportunities of the Company or
the Indian market are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified
by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ‘‘plans’’, ‘‘expects’’ or ‘‘does not expect’’, ‘‘is expected’’,
‘‘budget’’, ‘‘scheduled’’, ‘‘estimates’’, ‘‘forecasts’’, ‘‘intends’’, ‘‘anticipates’’ or ‘‘does not anticipate’’ or ‘‘believes’’,
or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions, events or results ‘‘may’’, ‘‘could’’, ‘‘would’’,
‘‘might’’, ‘‘will’’ or ‘‘will be taken’’, ‘‘occur’’ or ‘‘be achieved’’.
     Forward-looking statements are based on the opinions and estimates of the Company as of the date of this
annual information form, and they are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and
other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the
following factors described in greater detail in ‘‘Risk Factors’’: taxation of the Company; taxation of MI Co and
MI Sub; newly-formed company with no operating history or revenues; substantial loss of capital; shareholders
are not entitled to vote on the Company’s proposed investments; long-term nature of investment; limited
number of investments; geographic concentration of investments; potential lack of diversification; financial
market fluctuations; pace of completing investments; control or significant influence position risk; minority
investments; ranking of Company investments and structural subordination; follow-on investments; prepayments
of debt investments; risks upon dispositions of investments; bridge financings; reliance on key personnel and
risks associated with the Investment Advisory Agreement; effect of fees; Performance Fee could induce Fairfax
to make speculative investments; operating and financial risks of investments; allocation of personnel; potential
conflicts of interest; the liability of the Portfolio Advisor is limited and the Company and the Portfolio Advisor
have not been represented by separate legal counsel; employee misconduct at the Portfolio Advisor could harm
the Company; valuation methodologies involve subjective judgments; lawsuits; foreign currency fluctuation;
derivative risks; unknown merits and risks of future investments; opinions from independent investment banks
or accounting firms are not contemplated; resources could be wasted in researching investment opportunities
that are not ultimately completed; investments may be made in foreign private businesses where information is
unreliable or unavailable; material, non-public information; illiquidity of investments; competitive market for
investment opportunities; use of leverage; investing in leveraged businesses; regulation; the Company is not
subject to the TSX’s SPAC rules; investment and repatriation restrictions; aggregation restrictions; restrictions
relating to debt securities; pricing guidelines; emerging markets; corporate disclosure, governance and
regulatory requirements; legal and regulatory risks; volatility of the Indian securities markets; political,
economic, social and other factors; governance issues risk; Indian tax law; changes in law; GAAR; exposure to
permanent establishment, etc.; enforcement of rights; smaller company risk; due diligence and conduct of
potential investment entities; Asian economic risk; reliance on trading partners risk; natural disaster risks;
government debt risk; and economic risk. These factors and assumptions are not intended to represent a
complete list of the factors and assumptions that could affect the Company. These factors and assumptions,
however, should be considered carefully.
     Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results not
to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be
accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements.
Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company does not
undertake to update any forward-looking statements contained herein, except as required by applicable
securities laws.


                                                              -3-
CORPORATE STRUCTURE
Name, Address and Incorporation
     Fairfax India Holdings Corporation (‘‘Fairfax India’’ or the ‘‘Company’’) was incorporated under the
Canada Business Corporations Act (the ‘‘CBCA’’) on November 25, 2014. The Company’s registered and head
office is located at 95 Wellington Street West, Suite 800, Toronto, Ontario M5J 2N7.

Intercorporate Relationships
    The Company currently has two subsidiaries, FIH Mauritius Investments Ltd (‘‘MI Co’’) and FIH Private
Investments Ltd (‘‘MI Sub’’). The following organizational chart illustrates the inter-corporate relationships
among the Company and its subsidiaries, together with the applicable jurisdiction of incorporation.

                                                     The Company


                                                  Fairfax India
                                                    Holdings
                                                  Corporation
                                                   (Canada)



                                                100%
                                                             MI Co


                                                  FIH Mauritius
                                                 Investments Ltd
                                                   (Mauritius)



                                                100%

                                                             MI Sub


                                                    FIH Private
                                                 Investments Ltd
                                                   (Mauritius)

                                                       26MAR201521181790
GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS
     On January 30, 2015, the Company completed its initial public offering (‘‘Offering’’) of
50,000,000 subordinate voting shares (‘‘Subordinate Voting Shares’’) at a price of US$10.00 per share for gross
proceeds of US$500 million. Concurrent with the completion of the Offering, the Company issued to Fairfax
Financial Holdings Limited (‘‘Fairfax’’) or its affiliates, 30,000,000 multiple voting shares of the Company
(‘‘Multiple Voting Shares’’), on a private placement basis, for an aggregate purchase price of US$300 million
(the ‘‘Substantial Equity Investment’’). Also, concurrent with the completion of the Offering, the Company
issued to certain cornerstone investors (the ‘‘Cornerstone Investment’’) 20,578,947 Subordinate Voting Shares,
on a private placement basis, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately US$200 million. The combined
gross proceeds of the Offering and the private placements was approximately US$1 billion.
     On February 10, 2015, the Company issued an additional 6,099,932 Subordinate Voting Shares pursuant to
the exercise of the over-allotment option granted to a syndicate of underwriters in connection with the Offering.
Pursuant to the over-allotment option, the underwriters purchased an additional 6,099,932 Subordinate Voting
Shares at a price of US$10.00 per share for total gross proceeds of US$61 million. The exercise of the




                                                       -4-
over-allotment option increased the total gross proceeds of the Offering and the private placements to
approximately US$1.06 billion (net proceeds of US$1.02 billion).

DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS
Investment Objective
     Fairfax India is an investment holding company. Its investment objective is to achieve long-term capital
appreciation, while preserving capital, by investing in public and private equity securities and debt instruments in
India and Indian businesses or other businesses with customers, suppliers or business primarily conducted in, or
dependent on, India (‘‘Indian Investments’’). Generally, subject to compliance with applicable law, Indian
Investments will be made with a view to acquiring control or significant influence positions. The Company will
make all or substantially all of its investments either directly or through one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
which currently include MI Co and MI Sub.

Investment Strategy
     The Company will invest in businesses that are expected to benefit from India’s current pro-business
political environment, its growing middle class and its demographic trends that are expected to underpin strong
growth for several years. Sectors of the Indian economy that the Company believes will benefit most from such
trends include infrastructure, the consumer services and retail sectors and the export sector. The Company is not
limited to investing solely in these sectors and intends to invest in other sectors as opportunities arise.
     The Company will utilize, and expects to benefit significantly from, the experience and expertise of Fairfax,
Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel Ltd. (the ‘‘Portfolio Advisor’’), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fairfax and
registered portfolio manager in the Province of Ontario, who has been appointed portfolio advisor to the
Company and its subsidiaries, Fairbridge Capital Private Limited (‘‘Fairbridge’’), who has been retained by the
Portfolio Advisor to act as a sub-advisor to the Portfolio Advisor with respect to investments of the Company
and its subsidiaries (see ‘‘The Portfolio Advisor and Fairbridge’’) and their extensive affiliate network in India, to
source, evaluate and successfully invest in Indian Investments.
     The Company employs a conservative, fundamental value based approach to identifying and investing in
high quality Indian businesses, including both public and private businesses, as well as infrastructure
investments. The Company’s strategy is designed to compound book value per share over the long term. The
Company seeks attractive risk adjusted returns, but seeks at all times to emphasize downside protection and to
minimize the loss of capital. The Company anticipates that its portfolio will be concentrated, provided that the
Net Proceeds of the Offerings will be invested in at least six different Indian Investments, such that no single
investment is expected to have an overly undue impact on the performance of the Company. The Company
anticipates, subject to market conditions and the availability of attractive investment opportunities, that a
majority of the Indian Investments, by value, will be in publicly-listed securities.
     The Company intends to make Indian Investments with a view to acquiring control or significant influence
positions. The level and nature of control or significant influence will vary by investment. Such a position may
include one or more of the following, as deemed appropriate by the Company: (i) board appointment or
nomination rights, (ii) board observer rights, (iii) input on management selection, (iv) the provision of
managerial assistance, and (v) ongoing monitoring and cooperation with the board and management of the
portfolio business to ensure that its strategy is being implemented in a manner that is consistent with the
investment objectives of the Company, and with Fairfax’s fundamental values (as set forth in Fairfax’s guiding
principles which are included in Fairfax’s publicly available annual reports).
     Notwithstanding the Company’s expected long-term investment horizon, the Company may, from time to
time, seek to realize on any of its Indian Investments. The circumstances under which the Company may sell
some or all of an investment include: (i) where the Company believes that the Indian Investment is fully valued
or that the original investment thesis has played out; or (ii) where the Company has identified other investment
opportunities which it believes present more attractive risk-adjusted return opportunities and additional capital
is needed to make such alternative investments.




                                                         -5-
    In addition, the Company may in the future establish one or more infrastructure or private equity funds
focused on investments in India, and may invest a portion of the Net Proceeds of the Offerings therein. In such
an event, the Company would, directly or indirectly, manage such infrastructure and private equity funds in
order to generate fee revenue for the Company.

Investment Selection
      To identify potential investments, the Company principally relies on the expertise of the Portfolio Advisor
and Fairbridge. As a result of Fairbridge’s proximity to the investment opportunities in India and its immersion
in the Indian marketplace, the Fairbridge team, along with its extensive network in India, is expected to identify
many of the investment opportunities for the Company and conducts, together with the Portfolio Advisor, the
initial suitability screen when evaluating potential Indian Investments for the Company.
     Fairbridge works closely with the Portfolio Advisor in respect of the review and evaluation of potential
investment opportunities for the Company. The following is an illustrative list of criteria that the Company, the
Portfolio Advisor and Fairbridge believe to be paramount when identifying and investing in Indian Investments:
    Attractive valuation: The Company’s conservative fundamental value approach will lead it to focus on
    businesses that have positive, stable cash flows that can be purchased at discounted multiples. The Company
    does not intend to invest in start-up businesses or businesses that have speculative business plans.
    Experienced and aligned management: The Company will focus on businesses with experienced,
    entrepreneurial management teams with strong, long-term track records. The Company will generally
    require the portfolio businesses to have in place, either prior to or immediately following investment by the
    Company, proper incentives to drive the businesses’ profitability.
    Strong competitive position in industry: The Company will seek to invest in businesses that hold leading
    market positions, possess strong brand power and are well-positioned to capitalize on the growth
    opportunities which the Portfolio Advisor expects are facing the Indian economy. The Company will also
    seek to invest in businesses that demonstrate significant competitive advantages as compared to their peers
    and that position them to protect their market position and profitability.
    Alignment of the management team with the values of the Company: The Company, Fairfax and the
    Portfolio Advisor all seek to adhere to the highest standards of business practices and ethics. The Company
    will require that the management teams at each of its portfolio businesses adhere to a similar standard of
    business practices and ethics and adhere to the Company’s fundamental values as described above.
     The Portfolio Advisor, Fairbridge and the Company and their respective affiliates conduct thorough due
diligence investigations when evaluating any Indian Investments prior to a recommendation from the Portfolio
Advisor to make an investment. This generally includes consultations with Fairfax’s network of current and
former management teams, consultants, competitors, investment bankers and senior executives to assess, among
other things, the industry dynamics, the character of the management team and the viability of the business plan.
    More specifically, due diligence in respect of a particular investment opportunity typically includes, among
other items as deemed necessary from time to time:
    • review of historical and projected financial information;
    • on-site visits;
    • interviews with management, employees, customers and vendors;
    • review of material agreements;
    • background checks; and
    • research relating to the businesses’ management, industry, markets, products and services, and
      competitors.

Ongoing Monitoring of Portfolio Investments
    The Company takes an active role in overseeing its Indian Investments to ensure that its investment thesis is
properly executed and that the fundamental values of the Company are being upheld on an ongoing basis. The
Company will monitor, among other things, the financial trends of each of its portfolio businesses to determine



                                                       -6-
if it is meeting its business plan and objectives. The Company will also assess, from time to time, the appropriate
course of action for each such portfolio investment.
     The Company has several methods of evaluating and assessing the performance and fair value of its
portfolio investments, including:
    • assessment of success in adhering to the portfolio investment’s business plan, objectives and compliance
      with covenants;
    • periodic and regular contact with management of the portfolio business and, if appropriate, the financial
      or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments;
    • comparisons to other portfolio businesses in the industry in which the Company or its affiliates
      are involved;
    • attendance at, and participation in, board meetings; and
    • review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections for the portfolio
      businesses.

Indian Regulatory Framework
     Please refer to ‘‘MI Co and MI Sub’’ for details relating to the Indian regulatory framework and restrictions
relating to foreign investments in India and Indian businesses.

Investment Restrictions
     The Company will not make an Indian Investment if, after giving effect to such investment, the total
invested amount of such investment would exceed 20% of the Company’s Total Assets; provided, however, that
the Company will nonetheless be permitted to complete up to two Indian Investments where, after giving effect
to each such investment, the total invested amount of each such investment would be less than or equal to 25%
of the Company’s Total Assets (the ‘‘Investment Concentration Restriction’’). The Company intends to make
multiple different investments as part of its prudent investment strategy, and, accordingly, will invest the Net
Proceeds of the Offerings in at least six different Indian Investments (the ‘‘Minimum Investment Requirement’’)
that satisfy the above-described Investment Concentration Restriction.
     The Company will at all times utilize one or more custodians to hold its assets (both cash and securities, as
applicable). RBC Investor Services Trust and Deutsche Bank AG, Mumbai Branch (each, a ‘‘Custodian’’), at
their respective principal offices in Toronto, Ontario, and Mumbai, India, have been appointed as the custodians
of the Company’s, MI Co’s and MI Sub’s assets.

Use of Leverage and Hedging
     The Company may utilize various forms of leverage, including borrowings under loan facilities and the
issuance of preference shares. The Company may also enter into transactions that may give rise to a form of
leverage, including, among others, debt instruments, futures and forward contracts (including foreign currency
exchange contracts), credit default swaps, total return swaps and other derivative transactions, loans of portfolio
securities, short sales and when-issued, delayed delivery and forward commitment transactions. The maximum
amount of leverage that the Company will employ at any time will not exceed 50% of its Total Assets (or 100%
of the Net Asset Value of the Company).
     In addition, the Company may, but is not obligated to, enter into derivative transactions or short individual
securities to hedge or reduce the Company’s long exposures. In order to mitigate market-related downside risk,
the Company may also acquire put options, short market indices, acquire baskets of securities and/or purchase
credit-default swaps, but the Company is not committed to maintaining market hedges at any time.
    The Company has not made use of leverage or hedging as of the date of this annual information form.

Competition
    The Company competes with a large number of other investors focused on India, such as private equity
funds, mezzanine funds, investment banks and other equity and non-equity based public and private investment




                                                        -7-
funds, and other sources of financing, including traditional financial services companies, such as commercial
banks.

Employees
     In addition to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company (who are paid by
Fairfax), the Company will directly employ certain non-management employees to assist in the day-to-day
operations of the Company. Additionally, in addition to the Chief Executive Officer of MI Co and MI Sub, MI
Co and MI Sub will directly employ certain non-management employees to assist in respect of the operation of
the local office in Mauritius. Such employees will be employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, as applicable,
and all compensation payable to such employees (other than the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company) will be borne by the Company or its subsidiaries, as applicable.

MI CO AND MI SUB
     Each of MI Co and MI Sub has been established as a private company under the laws of the Republic of
Mauritius pursuant to the Companies Act 2001 (the ‘‘Companies Act’’). MI Co and MI Sub each hold a
Category 1 Global Business Licence issued by the Financial Services Commission of Mauritius (‘‘FSC’’). The
registered offices of MI Co and MI Sub are located at IFS Court, Twenty-Eight, Cybercity, Ebene, Mauritius. All
of the issued and outstanding shares of MI Co are owned by the Company and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of MI Sub are owned by MI Co. Each of MI Co and MI Sub has adopted an investment objective, strategy
and investment restrictions consistent with that of the Company.
      In accordance with Indian law, MI Co will make foreign direct investments (‘‘FDI’’) in India. Under Indian
law, FDI investors are permitted to acquire up to 100% of an Indian company, subject to foreign ownership or
other restrictions set out with respect to a particular sector as prescribed by Indian law, subject to pricing
guidelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India (‘‘RBI’’) from time to time for acquisition and sale of shares
of an Indian company by foreign investors. In sectors where an ownership restriction is prescribed, foreign
investors are only permitted to invest up to the specific sectoral cap (e.g., foreign investment in the construction
and development sector is permitted up to 100%, but only 51% in respect of the multi-brand retail trading
sector). There is no registration requirement in order to make FDI investments so long as the investment
complies with the sectoral conditions, including in relation to minimum capitalization, approval requirements,
sectoral caps and lock-in requirements. FDI investors are not permitted to acquire securities through the
facilities of a recognized stock exchange in India (except in certain limited circumstances) and certain
restrictions are imposed on FDI investors with respect to investments in debt securities (such as restrictions
relating to eligible borrowers, recognized lenders, amount, maturity and permitted end-uses of the debt
proceeds). It is intended that MI Co will make investments in unlisted Indian portfolio businesses, or listed
securities acquired by means other than through the facilities of a recognized stock exchange in India
(e.g., through private agreements). It is intended that Indian Investments made through the facilities of a
recognized stock exchange in India and, subject to certain exceptions, investments in debt securities will be made
by MI Sub, which will be a registered foreign portfolio investor (‘‘FPI’’).
     MI Sub will make investments in India as a registered FPI under the portfolio investment scheme (‘‘PIS’’)
created by the RBI that enables foreign investors to purchase and sell shares or non-convertible debentures of
Indian companies listed (or to-be-listed) on a recognized stock exchange in India, subject to equity investments
being restricted to holding less than 10% beneficial ownership position in a company. A FPI is only permitted to
purchase or sell shares on the facilities of a recognized stock exchange in India, is not permitted to acquire
shares of unlisted companies and is generally prohibited from participating in off-market transactions. A FPI
may invest in shares, debentures, warrants of companies listed (or to-be listed) on a recognized stock exchange
in India, government securities, perpetual debt instruments and debt capital instruments, as specified by the RBI
from time to time, non-convertible debentures or bonds issued by non-banking financial companies categorized
by RBI as ‘‘infrastructure finance companies’’, Indian depository receipts, derivatives traded on a recognized
stock exchange and listed and unlisted non-convertible debentures and bonds in the infrastructure sector.
     Under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (‘‘SEBI’’) (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, Fairfax and its affiliates would be deemed to be persons acting in concert
(‘‘PACs’’) with the Company. Although the deeming provision is a rebuttable presumption based on facts, if it is



                                                        -8-
determined in accordance with Indian law that Fairfax and its affiliates are PACs with the Company or its
subsidiaries, and their aggregate holding exceeds 25% or more of a listed Indian company, the Company may be
required to make an open offer for all of the issued and outstanding securities of the Indian company. In
addition, Fairfax and certain of its affiliates have, are in the process of obtaining, or may obtain in the future,
FPI registrations. If it is determined in accordance with Indian law that MI Sub, on the one hand, and Fairfax
and its affiliates, on the other hand, have more than 50% direct or indirect common shareholding, beneficial
ownership or beneficial interest, then equity investments made by Fairfax and its affiliates and MI Sub in Indian-
listed companies may be aggregated for purposes of calculating the permissible quantum of investment (i.e., less
than 10% of such portfolio business’ shareholding) by each of MI Sub and Fairfax and its affiliates, to ensure
compliance with Regulation 5(2) and Schedule 2 of the FEMA Regulations and the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investor) Regulations, 2014 (the ‘‘FPI Regulations’’). See ‘‘Risk Factors —
Risk Factors Related to Investments in India’’.
     In addition to the Indian Investments made by MI Co and MI Sub, the Company may make other Indian
Investments, being primarily investments in non-Indian domiciled businesses that have customers, suppliers or
operations primarily conducted in, or dependent on, India. Subject to compliance with applicable law, the
Company is also permitted to incorporate one or more additional wholly-owned subsidiary entities to make
Indian Investments as the Company deems necessary from time to time.
     Following the Portfolio Advisor’s identification of a potential investment in a portfolio business, the
Portfolio Advisor first determines which entity, as between the Company, MI Co or MI Sub, is best-suited to
make such an investment, which will depend, in large part on the type of investment, as described above. In the
event that the Portfolio Advisor determines that the Company is best-suited to make the investment, the
Portfolio Advisor has discretionary authority to negotiate and complete the investment on behalf of the
Company. If the Portfolio Advisor determines that MI Co or MI Sub is best-suited to make the investment, the
Portfolio Advisor provides advice and recommendations relating to such investment to the board of directors of
MI Co (the ‘‘MI Co Board’’) or the board of directors of MI Sub (the ‘‘MI Sub Board’’), as the case may be, at
which point the ultimate investment decision is made by the MI Co Board or the MI Sub Board, as the case
may be.
     In the case of a sale of an Indian Investment held by the Company, the Portfolio Advisor has discretionary
authority to dispose of such investment on behalf of the Company. If the Indian Investment is held by MI Co or
MI Sub, the Portfolio Advisor provides advice and recommendations relating to the disposition of such
investment to the MI Co Board or the MI Sub Board, as the case may be, at which point the ultimate decision
will be made by the MI Co Board or the MI Sub Board, as the case may be, as to whether or not to dispose of
the investment.
    MI Co and MI Sub have been incorporated in the Republic of Mauritius for, among others, the following
reasons:
    • Fairfax, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, HWIC Asia Fund, has been operating in the Republic of
      Mauritius for over 14 years and has built an experienced local team that will provide certain
      administrative services to MI Co and MI Sub (see ‘‘Local Office’’ below).
    • Other existing Indian investment entities have historically utilized the Republic of Mauritius. The
      Company believes that this is the most suitable structure for its investments and is a common structure
      with which professional money managers are familiar and comfortable.
    • India and the Republic of Mauritius share strong commercial and historical relations. A large portion of
      the population of the Republic of Mauritius shares deep social and historical links with India and India
      remains one of Mauritius’ largest trading partners.
    • The Republic of Mauritius is politically and socially stable and is well-developed in terms of
      infrastructure, technological development and logistics. It also has a developed banking and financial
      sector and is continually working toward enhancing its financial product offering, moving toward the
      provision of higher-end and value-added services.
    • The Republic of Mauritius has a strong network of local service providers, advisors and professionals
      including in the audit, accounting, legal and tax sectors, each having links to their Indian counterparts to
      provide investors with cross-jurisdictional professional services where necessary.



                                                        -9-
Share Capital
     The capital of MI Co is comprised of non-redeemable ordinary shares, each having a par value of US$1.00
(the ‘‘MI Co Shares’’). The MI Co Shares have been issued solely to the Company. All voting rights related to
the management and the election of the MI Co Board are vested solely in the holder of the MI Co Shares.
     The capital of MI Sub is comprised of non-redeemable ordinary shares, each having a par value of US$1.00
(the ‘‘MI Sub Shares’’). The MI Sub Shares have been issued solely to MI Co. All voting rights related to the
management and the election of the MI Sub Board are vested solely in the holder of the MI Sub Shares.

Management
     The MI Co Board and the MI Sub Board are identical and are comprised of five directors, three of whom
are residents of the Republic of Mauritius. As a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, the
board of directors of the Company (the ‘‘Board’’) will appoint the MI Co Board and the MI Sub Board from
time to time. For a description of the MI Co Board and the MI Sub Board, see ‘‘Directors and Executive
Officers of MI Co and MI Sub’’ below.
     As part of the MI Co Board’s and the MI Sub Board’s fulfillment of their respective fiduciary obligations,
the directors of each of MI Co and MI Sub (the ‘‘MI Directors’’) will meet regularly with the Portfolio Advisor
and its sub-advisors. In addition, at the initial board meeting for each of MI Co and MI Sub, a memorandum
containing specific details with respect to the policies, procedures and controls to be put in place for the
approval, monitoring, risk management and disposition of Indian Investments implemented by MI Co or MI
Sub, as applicable, was approved.

Mauritius Administrator
     In accordance with requirements of Mauritius law, International Financial Services Limited, having its
registered office at, Twenty-Eight, Cybercity, Ebene, Mauritius was retained as the administrator
(the ‘‘Mauritius Administrator’’) of each of MI Co and MI Sub and provides corporate secretarial and registrar
services to each of MI Co and MI Sub. The Mauritius Administrator is a licensed management company based
in the Republic of Mauritius and regulated by the FSC.
    MI Co and MI Sub pay a monthly fee to the Mauritius Administrator in respect of the services that it
provides, such fee amount to be determined by MI Co and MI Sub, from time to time, in negotiation with the
Mauritius Administrator. Such fee is estimated to be approximately US$100,000 per year payable separately by
each of MI Co and MI Sub for all of the services that the Mauritius Administrator will provide to each of MI Co
and MI Sub.

Local Office
      The local office of MI Co and MI Sub, comprised of qualified and experienced professionals with significant
expertise with similar investment entities, is responsible for the day-to-day administration of MI Co and MI Sub,
including: (i) daily processing of securities; (ii) portfolio accounting functions, including posting of all trades,
corporate actions, monitoring of investment income, open payables and receivables; (iii) reconciliation of
portfolio investments; (iv) monitoring of cash flows; (v) assisting the MI Co Board and the MI Sub Board in the
appraisal of investment recommendations from the Portfolio Advisor; (vi) custodial relationships;
(vii) placement of foreign exchange contracts, where appropriate; (viii) discussions with regulators to ensure
compliance with regulatory requirements; (ix) authorising the payment of all expenses; and (x) preparation of
annual financial statements, regular management reports, income tax returns and other reports. The local office
is assisted by the Mauritius Administrator with respect to certain regulatory and reporting services.
     Each of MI Co and MI Sub maintain its minute books, corporate seal and corporate records at its local
office in the Republic of Mauritius. In certain circumstances (e.g., transaction record books), copies will also be
maintained at the Company’s head office in Toronto, Ontario.




                                                       -10-
Directors and Executive Officers of MI Co and MI Sub
   The MI Co Board and the MI Sub Board each consists of five directors, three of which are residents of the
Republic of Mauritius. The MI Directors will be appointed from time to time on the instructions of the Board.
     The following table sets forth information regarding the MI Directors and executive officers that will serve
in such capacities:

Name, Province or State
and Country of Residence                             Position/Title                 Independent            Principal Occupation
                         (1)
Chandran Ratnaswami                            Director and Chairman                    No          Chief Executive Officer of the
  Toronto, Ontario, Canada . . .                                                                    Company and Managing
                                                                                                    Director of the Portfolio
                                                                                                    Advisor
Amy Tan(2)                                       Director and Chief                     No          Chief Financial Officer of
 Republic of Mauritius . . . . .                 Executive Officer                                  HWIC Asia Fund
S. Gopalakrishnan                                      Director                         Yes         Chief Investment Officer of
   Mumbai, India . . . . . . . . . .                                                                ICICI Lombard
Couldip Lala                                           Director                         Yes         Executive Director of
  Republic of Mauritius . . . . .                                                                   International Financial Services
                                                                                                    Limited
Dev Joory                                              Director                         Yes         Executive Director of
 Republic of Mauritius . . . . .                                                                    International Financial Services
                                                                                                    Limited

Notes:
(1)   Mr. Ratnaswami is considered a non-Independent Director as he is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Managing
      Director of the Portfolio Advisor.
(2)   Ms. Tan is considered a non-Independent Director as she is the Chief Executive Officer of MI Co and MI Sub and the Chief Financial
      Officer of HWIC Asia Fund, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fairfax.


Biographical Information Regarding the Directors and Executive Officers of MI Co and MI Sub
Chandran Ratnaswami (65) — Mr. Ratnaswami is currently the Managing Director of the Portfolio Advisor. At
the Portfolio Advisor, Mr. Ratnaswami is responsible for portfolio investments in Asia. Mr. Ratnaswami joined
the Portfolio Advisor in 1993 as director of International Investments. Mr. Ratnaswami has been a non-executive
director of Thomas Cook India since August 22, 2012, and a director of India Infoline Limited since May 15,
2012. He serves as a director of First Capital Insurance Limited, a director of Fairbridge, and has been a director
of ZoomerMedia Ltd. since November 4, 2010. He has been a director of Ridley Inc. since December 15, 2008.
He serves as a non-executive director of ICICI Lombard and has been a director of Thai Reinsurance Public
Company Limited since February 2012. Mr. Ratnaswami is a resident of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Amy Tan (40) — Ms. Tan joined HWIC Asia Fund in January 2013 as Chief Financial Officer and was appointed
as a director in March 2014. Prior to that, Ms. Tan worked with PricewaterhouseCoopers Mauritius as a Senior
Manager in the assurance and business advisory division. She was involved in various audit, compliance and
advisory assignments of local conglomerates and global business entities (investment funds, investment holding
entities and entities with significant offshore operations). Ms. Tan is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants and is a resident of the Republic of Mauritius.
S. Gopalakrishnan (52) — Mr. Gopalakrishnan is the Chief Investment Officer of ICICI Lombard, the largest
private sector property and casualty insurance company in India. Mr. Gopalakrishnan has held the position of
head of investments at ICICI Lombard since 2001 and is a member of the investment committee.
Mr. Gopalakrishnan serves on the board of directors of Primary Real Estate Investment Fund.
Mr. Gopalakrishnan has a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Madras, is a graduate of the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and is a Qualified Chartered Financial Analyst and Member of the
CFA Institute in the United States. Mr. Gopalakrishnan is a resident of Mumbai, India.




                                                                  -11-
Couldip Lala (64) — Mr. Lala is a co-founder and Executive Director of International Financial Services
Limited, a leading management company specializing in international tax, business and corporate advisory
services in Mauritius. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and was
previously a partner at one of the ‘‘big four’’ accounting firms. During Mr. Lala’s time in audit practice, he led
audit assignments of world bank financed projects in countries in East and West Africa. Throughout his career,
Mr. Lala has been a corporate affairs consultant and adviser, focusing primarily in the structuring of
international private equity and hedge funds. Mr. Lala has been appointed to numerous boards of companies in
Mauritius, with diverse interests, ranging from financial institutions, private equity and hedge funds, tourism,
and general trade business. Mr. Lala is a resident of the Republic of Mauritius.
Dev Joory (63) — Mr. Joory is a co-founder and Executive Director of International Financial Services Limited,
a leading management company specializing in international tax, business and corporate advisory services in
Mauritius. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and associate member
of the Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners. After qualifying as a Chartered Accountant in 1974, Mr. Joory
joined Price Waterhouse, Paris, working primarily on audit of multinational corporations operating in Northern
and Western African countries. Mr. Joory subsequently specialized in international tax at Touche Ross, London
in 1975 and then at Arthur Young in 1983. Mr. Joory was a Senior Tax Executive at Ernst & Young, London
office until 1993. Mr. Joory has over 20 years of experience in international tax planning and business
structuring, with areas of specialization covering international banking and financial services, including Islamic
banking, offshore fund structuring and administration, intellectual and real property planning, aircraft and ship
leasing, franchising and retail operations. Mr. Joory also serves as a director of numerous offshore funds and
companies. Mr. Joory is a resident of the Republic of Mauritius.

Duties of MI Directors
     The duties of directors of entities incorporated in the Republic of Mauritius have been extensively codified
in the Companies Act such that every director of a company incorporated under the Companies Act, in
exercising his or her powers and discharging his or her duties, is required to, inter alia:
    • exercise his/her powers in accordance with the Companies Act and within the limits and subject to the
      conditions and restrictions established by the company’s constitution;
    • obtain the authorization of a meeting of shareholders before doing any act or entering into any
      transaction for which the authorization or consent of a meeting of shareholders as required by the
      Companies Act or by the company’s constitution;
    • not agree to the company incurring any obligation unless the director believes at that time, on reasonable
      grounds that the company will be able to perform the obligation when it is required to do so;
    • account to the company for any monetary gain, or the value of any other gain or advantage, obtained by
      him/her in connection with the exercise of his/her powers, or by reason of his/her position as directors of
      the company, except remuneration, pensions provisions and compensation for loss of office in respect of
      his/her directorships of any company;
    • not make use of or disclose any confidential information received by his/her on behalf of the company as
      directors otherwise than as permitted under the Companies Act;
    • not compete with the company or become a director or officer of a competing company, unless approved
      by the company pursuant to the Companies Act;
    • where directors are interested in a transaction to which the company is a party, disclose such interest
      pursuant to the Companies Act;
    • not use any assets of the company for any illegal purpose or purpose in breach of items (i) and (iii) above,
      and not do, or knowingly allow to be done, anything by which the company’s assets may be damaged or
      lost, otherwise than in the ordinary course of carrying on its business;
    • transfer forthwith to the company all cash or assets acquired on its behalf, whether before or after its
      incorporation, or as the result of employing its cash or assets, and until such transfer is effected to hold
      such cash or assets on behalf of the company and to use it only for the purposes of the company;



                                                      -12-
    • attend meetings of the directors of the company with reasonable regularity, unless prevented from so
      doing by illness or other reasonable excuse; and
    • keep proper accounting records in accordance with the Companies Act and make such records available
      for inspection in accordance with the Companies Act.
     These duties are coupled with the overriding requirement that every officer (which includes director or
secretary) must exercise the powers and discharge the duties of his office honestly, in good faith and in the best
interests of the company; and exercise the degree of care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent person
would exercise in comparable circumstances.

THE PORTFOLIO ADVISOR AND FAIRBRIDGE
     The Company, MI Co and MI Sub have appointed the Portfolio Advisor to source and advise with respect
to all investments for the Company and its subsidiaries.
    The head office of the Portfolio Advisor is located at 95 Wellington Street West, Suite 802, Toronto,
Ontario, M5J 2N7, Canada.
     The Portfolio Advisor may, from time to time, retain the services of one or more sub-advisors to assist the
Portfolio Advisor in sourcing and advising with respect to the investments of the Company, MI Co and MI Sub.
The Portfolio Advisor has retained Fairbridge to act as a sub-advisor to the Portfolio Advisor with respect to
investments of the Company and its subsidiaries. See ‘‘Fairbridge’’. Fees payable to any sub-advisors from time
to time (including Fairbridge) will be borne by the Portfolio Advisor and no additional amount will be payable by
the Company, MI Co or MI Sub in connection therewith.

Investment Advisory Agreement
     Pursuant to an administration and investment advisory services agreement entered into (the ‘‘Investment
Advisory Agreement’’) between the Portfolio Advisor, Fairfax, the Company, MI Co, MI Sub and such other
subsidiaries of the Company as may be added from time to time, the Portfolio Advisor provides investment
advisory services to the Company and its subsidiaries, pursuant to which the Portfolio Advisor provides advice
and recommendations relating to potential investment opportunities to the Company and its subsidiaries. In
providing such advice and recommendations, the Portfolio Advisor first determines which entity, as between the
Company and its subsidiaries, is best-suited to make such an investment. In the event that the Portfolio Advisor
determines that the Company is best-suited to make an investment, the Portfolio Advisor will have discretionary
authority to negotiate and complete the investment on behalf of the Company. If the Portfolio Advisor
determines that MI Co or MI Sub is best-suited to make the investment, the Portfolio Advisor will provide
advice and recommendations relating to such investment to the MI Co Board or the MI Sub Board, as the case
may be, at which point the ultimate investment analysis and decision will be made by the MI Co Board or the MI
Sub Board, as the case may be. In connection with the Portfolio Advisor’s advice and recommendations to the
MI Co Board or the MI Sub Board with respect to a particular investment, the Portfolio Advisor will also
provide advice relating to appropriate levels of leverage in respect of such investments.
     The Portfolio Advisor, and any agent to whom the Portfolio Advisor has validly delegated any of its duties,
is required to exercise its powers and discharge the duties of its office honestly and in good faith and to exercise
the care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent investment advisor would exercise in comparable
circumstances. The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that the Portfolio Advisor will not be liable in any
way for any losses suffered by the Company or its subsidiaries as a result of an error in implementing investment
advice unless caused by the gross negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud of the Portfolio Advisor or its agents.
     The Portfolio Advisor provides investment advice to the Company and its subsidiaries in accordance with
the Company’s investment objective. The services performed by the Portfolio Advisor are conducted only by
officers and employees who have appropriate experience and qualifications.
     Any of the Portfolio Advisor, Fairfax, the Company or its subsidiaries may terminate the Investment
Advisory Agreement, provided that the terminating party has given the other parties at least 90 days’ prior
written notice of its intention to do so. The Company or its subsidiaries may terminate the Investment Advisory
Agreement immediately if (i) the Portfolio Advisor is in material breach or default of the provisions of the



                                                       -13-
Investment Advisory Agreement and, if capable of being cured, such material breach or default is not cured
within 60 days following receipt of a written notice of such material breach or default, (ii) the Portfolio Advisor
becomes bankrupt, insolvent, makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or otherwise
acknowledges its insolvency, or (iii) the Portfolio Advisor’s assets have become subject to seizure or confiscation
by any public or governmental authority. In the event that the day on which the Investment Advisory Agreement
is terminated is a day other than the first day of a calendar quarter, the Administration and Advisory Fees
payable for such quarter will be pro-rated and determined having regard to the market value of the Company’s
investment portfolio based on the Company’s most recent financial report. In addition, in the event that the day
on which the Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated is a day other than the first day of a Calculation
Period, the Performance Fee payable to Fairfax for such Calculation Period will be determined as of the date of
termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement using values determined as described under ‘‘Calculation of
Total Assets and Net Asset Value’’ and, if payable in cash, will be paid to Fairfax as soon as commercially
reasonable.
     Other than the payment of any outstanding fees payable to Fairfax and the reimbursement of Fairfax’s and
the Portfolio Advisor’s reasonable expenses pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement up to and including
the date of termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, no additional payments will be required to be
made by the Company to Fairfax or the Portfolio Advisor as a result of any termination of the Investment
Advisory Agreement.
     As compensation for the provision of portfolio administration and investment advisory services to be
provided by Fairfax and the Portfolio Advisor, the Company pays the Administration and Advisory Fee and, if
applicable, the Performance Fee, in each case, together with any applicable sales taxes thereon to Fairfax. Any
portion of such fees to which the Portfolio Advisor is entitled are paid by Fairfax to the Portfolio Advisor. See
‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’.
    Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, Fairfax has also agreed to provide certain investment
administration services to the Company and its subsidiaries. See ‘‘The Portfolio Administrator’’.

Fair Allocation
     The investment advisory and portfolio administration services of the Portfolio Advisor and Fairfax are not
exclusive and nothing in the Investment Advisory Agreement prevents the Portfolio Advisor, Fairfax or any of
their affiliates from providing similar investment advisory or portfolio administration services to other clients,
including Fairfax and its affiliates or other investment entities (whether or not their investment objective,
strategies and policies are similar to those of the Company) or from engaging in other activities.
     It is the general policy of the Portfolio Advisor that all of its client portfolios that have investment objectives
and restrictions that are compatible with a particular investment opportunity will be treated fairly and equitably
with respect to distribution of investment opportunities and that no client portfolio will receive preferential
treatment over another. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company agreed that any investment opportunities
with respect to Indian insurance and reinsurance businesses will be first offered to Fairfax. If Fairfax passes on
the opportunity to invest in any such insurance or reinsurance business, the opportunity may be recommended to
the Company if it satisfies the Company’s investment objective.
     In determining the suitability of an investment opportunity for a particular client, the Portfolio Advisor
considers, among other factors, the size of the client and its capital requirements, regulatory and client
investment guidelines and objectives, existing portfolio composition, tax considerations and cash availability. An
assessment of the relative importance of an investment opportunity to the fulfillment of a client’s investment
objective is dependent upon a number of factors that include the availability of the resources that are required to
complete the investment, alternative investment opportunities, the composition of the client’s portfolio at the
time and the liquidity of the portfolio. As a result of this fair allocation policy, the Company, MI Co, MI Sub or
any other subsidiary through which the Company invests in Indian Investments may, from time to time, be
precluded from participating in an investment opportunity available to the Portfolio Advisor that would
otherwise be compatible with the Company’s investment objective and restrictions. See ‘‘Risk Factors’’.




                                                         -14-
Directors and Officers of the Portfolio Advisor
    The board of directors of the Portfolio Advisor consists of two members: V. Prem Watsa and Roger D. Lace.
Directors are appointed to serve on the board of directors until such time as they retire or are removed and their
successors are appointed.
    The following table sets forth information regarding the directors and executive officers of the Portfolio
Advisor.

Name, Province or State
and Country of Residence                           Position/Title                        Principal Occupation

V. Prem Watsa Toronto,            Director and Vice President                      Chairman and Chief
  Ontario, Canada . . . . . .                                                      Executive Officer of
                                                                                   Fairfax; Vice President of
                                                                                   the Portfolio Advisor
Roger D. Lace Toronto,            Director and President                           President and Managing
 Ontario, Canada . . . . . .                                                       Director, North American
                                                                                   Equities, of the Portfolio
                                                                                   Advisor
David Bonham Toronto,             Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer            Vice President and Chief
 Ontario, Canada . . . . . .                                                       Financial Officer of
                                                                                   Fairfax; Treasurer and
                                                                                   Chief Financial Officer of
                                                                                   the Portfolio Advisor
Paul Rivett Toronto,              Vice President and Chief Operating Officer       President of Fairfax; Vice
  Ontario, Canada . . . . . .                                                      President and Chief
                                                                                   Operating Officer of the
                                                                                   Portfolio Advisor

     The individuals at the Portfolio Advisor who will be primarily responsible for providing advisory services to
the Company and its subsidiaries consist of V. Prem Watsa and Chandran Ratnaswami, both experienced
investment professionals.
   The following individuals will comprise the investment committee of the Portfolio Advisor in respect of the
Company’s investments:
V. Prem Watsa (64) — Mr. Watsa has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Fairfax since 1985 and
has a 40-year track record in investment management. He has served as Vice President of the Portfolio Advisor
since 1985. Mr. Watsa is also a director of BlackBerry Limited. Mr. Watsa is a resident of Toronto, Ontario,
Canada.
Roger D. Lace (64) — Mr. Lace is the President and a director of the Portfolio Advisor, and a member of the
investment committee. Mr. Lace joined the Portfolio Advisor in 1986. Mr. Lace has a 39-year track record in
investment management, specializing in equity investments. Prior to joining the Portfolio Advisor, Mr. Lace was
Vice-President at McLeod, Young, Weir Ltd. Mr. Lace holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a Masters of Business Administration degree from the Richard Ivey
School of Business and received a Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 1979. Mr. Lace is a resident of
Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Paul C. Rivett (47) — Mr. Rivett has been the President of Fairfax since July 19, 2013. Mr. Rivett also serves as
the Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Portfolio Advisor. Mr. Rivett served as Vice President of
Operations at Fairfax from August 1, 2012 to July 19, 2013. Prior to that, he served as Chief Legal Officer of
Fairfax from January 2007 to August 2012 and as Vice President from April 2004. Prior to joining Fairfax,
Mr. Rivett was an attorney of Shearman & Sterling LLP. Mr. Rivett currently serves as a director of Zenith
National Insurance Corp., Odyssey Re Holdings Corp. and Northbridge Financial Corporation and previously



                                                       -15-
served as a director of MEGA Brands Inc., Resolute Forest Products Inc., The Brick Ltd. and Resolute FP
US Inc. (formerly Bowater Inc.). Mr. Rivett is a resident of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Chandran Ratnaswami (65) — Please see above under ‘‘MI Co and MI Sub — Biographical Information
Regarding the Directors and Executive Officers of MI Co and MI Sub’’.
Brian Bradstreet (67) — Mr. Bradstreet is a Managing Director and member of the investment committee of the
Portfolio Advisor. Mr. Bradstreet joined the Portfolio Advisor in 1987. Mr. Bradstreet has a 40-year track record
in investment management, specializing in fixed income investments. Prior to joining the Portfolio Advisor,
Mr. Bradstreet was an Investment Analyst, an Investment Manager and then became the Assistant Vice
President, Investment at Confederation Life. Mr. Bradstreet holds a Bachelor of Arts (Economics) degree from
Wilfrid Laurier University, a Masters of Arts (Economics) degree from York University and received a
Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 1978. Mr. Bradstreet is a resident of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Wade Burton (43) — Mr. Burton is a Managing Director and a member of the investment committee of the
Portfolio Advisor. Mr. Burton joined the Portfolio Advisor in 2008. Mr. Burton has over 18 years’ of experience
in investment management. Prior to joining the Portfolio Advisor in 2008, Mr. Burton was a partner and fund
manager at Peter Cundill and Associates, later acquired by Mackenzie Financial. Mr. Burton serves as Vice
Chairman and Non-Executive Director at Grivalia Properties REIC and Mytilineos Holdings S.A. He also serves
as Non-Executive Director of Eurobank Ergasias S.A. Mr. Burton holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the
University of Western Ontario and received a Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 1999. Mr. Burton is a
resident of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Fairbridge
     The Portfolio Advisor has retained the services of Fairbridge, as a sub-advisor, to assist the Portfolio
Advisor in sourcing and advising with respect to investments for the Company, MI Co, MI Sub and any other
subsidiary through which the Company invests in India from time to time. Fairbridge is an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of Fairfax that was formed in 2011 and which acts as its India-based investment advisor whose
mandate is to identify, review, recommend, advise on and facilitate the implementation of a wide range of
investment opportunities for Fairfax. Fairbridge consists of a five person team led by Mr. Harsha Raghavan.
     Fairbridge, in its capacity as a sub-advisor to the Portfolio Advisor, assists the Portfolio Advisor in
researching, identifying and providing recommendations and advisory services with respect to investment
opportunities for the Company, MI Co, MI Sub and any other subsidiary through which the Company invests in
India from time to time. Any fees charged by Fairbridge for such services will be borne by the Portfolio Advisor
and no additional amount will be payable by the Company.
   The head office of Fairbridge is located at ICICI Lombard House, 414 Veer Savarkar Marg, Prabhadevi,
Maharashtra, Mumbai, India, 400025.
    The senior management of Fairbridge is comprised of two highly experienced investment professionals:
Harsha Raghavan (43) — Mr. Raghavan has been the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of
Fairbridge since its inception in 2011. Mr. Raghavan has been involved with the Indian private equity industry
since 1996 and previously served as Head of India for Candover Investments, co-Head of India for Goldman
Sachs PIA and Vice President of Indocean Chase Capital. In these roles, Mr. Raghavan executed more than two
dozen transactions totaling more than $1.5 billion. At Fairbridge, Mr. Raghavan has sourced and advised with
respect to several transactions for Fairfax and its affiliates and currently serves on the board of directors of
Thomas Cook India, Thomas Cook Lanka (Private) Limited, Thomas Cook (Mauritius) Holding Company
Limited, IKYA, Avon Facility Management Services Ltd., Magna Infotech Ltd., and Sterling Resorts.
Mr. Raghavan is also a director of Nations Trust Bank, a financial institution listed on the Colombo Stock
Exchange in Sri Lanka. Mr. Raghavan holds a Masters of Business Administration degree and Masters of
Science degree in industrial engineering from Stanford University and a Bachelor of Arts degree from the
University of California at Berkeley, where he double majored in computer science and economics.
Sumit Maheshwari (32) — Mr. Maheshwari has been an Investment Associate at Fairbridge since July 2011. Prior
to joining Fairbridge, Mr. Maheshwari worked with KPMG in India for 5 years in their audit and accounting
advisory functions. Mr. Maheshwari is a recognized accounting expert, with particular strength in translating



                                                      -16-
between Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS accounting standards. At Fairbridge, Mr. Maheshwari actively
participates in financial due diligence, portfolio company reporting and overall transaction and investment
advisory services. Mr. Maheshwari has been a director of Hofincons Infotech and Industrial Services Private
Limited since July 2014. He is a qualified Chartered Accountant, holds a Masters of Business Administration
degree from the Indian School of Business, Hyderabad, and a Bachelors of Commerce degree from the
University of Mumbai.

THE PORTFOLIO ADMINISTRATOR
      Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, Fairfax is responsible for providing or arranging for the
provision of certain portfolio administration services required by the Company and its subsidiaries relating to the
investment advisory activity of the Portfolio Advisor, including: (i) analysis of portfolios; (ii) yield review;
(iii) computation of market decline tests; (iv) computation of liquidity analysis; (v) analysis of book values
(e.g., bond amortizations and investment provisions); (vi) analysis of gross gain and loss positions; (vii) cash flow
obligations; (viii) broker relationships; (ix) investment review meetings; (x) review and analysis of foreign
exchange positions; (xi) performance reporting of the Company; (xii) software provider functioning and testing;
and (xiii) assistance with complex accounting issues.
     In addition, Fairfax is required to provide a Chief Executive Officer and a Chief Financial Officer and
Corporate Secretary to the Company. For so long as the Investment Advisory Agreement remains in effect, all
compensation payable to the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
of the Company will be borne by Fairfax.
   Fairfax will be entitled to the payment by the Company for the performance of the above services to the
Company as part of the Administration and Advisory Fee described under ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’.

CALCULATION OF TOTAL ASSETS AND NET ASSET VALUE
     The total assets of the Company on a particular date are equal to the aggregate fair value of the
consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries (including MI Co and MI Sub) on such date, without
deduction of liabilities, expressed in US dollars (the ‘‘Total Assets’’). The net asset value of the Company on a
particular date is equal to the aggregate fair value of the consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries
(including MI Co and MI Sub) on such date, less the aggregate carrying value of the consolidated liabilities of
the Company and its subsidiaries (including MI Co and MI Sub), and the carrying value of any issued and
outstanding preference shares, expressed in US dollars (the ‘‘Net Asset Value’’). The fair value of the
consolidated assets and the carrying value of the consolidated liabilities and outstanding preference shares of the
Company is determined in accordance with IFRS.
     The assets of the Company, MI Co, MI Sub and any other subsidiary through which the Company invests in
India from time to time are valued by the Company in accordance with the procedures described below, subject
to the control of the Board, the MI Co Board, the MI Sub Board and the board of directors of such subsidiary,
as the case may be. Foreign currency-denominated investments are valued using foreign currency exchange rates
provided by independent sources. Assets are valued at market prices provided by independent pricing sources,
except to the extent that market prices are not readily available or do not reflect the fair value of such assets. If
market prices are not readily available or if it is determined, following procedures approved by the Board, that
market prices may not reflect the fair value of such assets, the Company, in consultation with the Portfolio
Advisor, values such assets in accordance with policies and procedures approved by the Board, the MI Co Board,
the MI Sub Board and the board of directors of another subsidiary, as the case may be. Assets that may be
valued using fair value pricing include, but are not limited to: (i) an unlisted security (other than unlisted equity
securities); (ii) a restricted security; (iii) a security whose trading has been suspended or which has been de-listed
from its primary trading exchange; (iv) a security that is thinly traded; (v) a security whose issuer is in default or
bankruptcy proceedings for which there is no current market quotation; (vi) a security affected by extreme
market conditions; (vii) a security affected by currency controls or restrictions; and (viii) a security affected by a
significant event (e.g., an event that occurs after the close of the markets on which the security is traded).




                                                        -17-
THE CUSTODIANS
     The Custodians, at their respective principal offices in Toronto, Ontario, and Mumbai, India, were
appointed the custodians of the Company’s, MI Co’s and MI Sub’s assets pursuant to the custodian agreements
entered into between the relevant Custodian and the Company or its subsidiaries, as applicable. The Custodians
may employ sub-custodians as considered appropriate in the circumstances in accordance with the terms of the
applicable custodian agreement. Any sub-custodians appointed from time to time must satisfy the requirements
of section 6.2 or 6.3 of National Instrument 81-102 — Investment Funds (‘‘NI 81-102’’), as applicable.
     Any replacement custodian that is retained by the Company will be an entity that would be qualified to act
as (i) a custodian or sub-custodian for assets held in Canada, or (ii) a custodian or sub-custodian for assets held
outside Canada, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with Part 6 of NI 81-102. Each of the Custodians
is qualified to act as a custodian or sub-custodian for assets held in Canada, or a custodian or sub-custodian for
assets held outside Canada, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with Part 6 of NI 81-102.

SUMMARY OF FEES AND EXPENSES
    The following table contains a summary of the fees and expenses payable or incurred by the Company,
which will therefore reduce the value of a purchaser’s investment in the Company.
Administration and Advisory          As compensation for the provision of portfolio administration and
Fee and Performance Fee:             investment advisory services to be provided by Fairfax and the Portfolio
                                     Advisor, the Company will pay the administration and advisory fee
                                     (the ‘‘Administration and Advisory Fee’’) and, if applicable, the
                                     Performance Fee, in each case, together with any applicable sales taxes
                                     thereon to Fairfax.
                                     The Administration and Advisory Fee will be an amount equal to the sum
                                     of: (i) 1.5% of the Net Asset Value of the Company less the aggregate fair
                                     value of any Undeployed Capital; and (ii) 0.5% of the aggregate fair value
                                     of any Undeployed Capital. The Administration and Advisory Fee will be
                                     calculated and payable quarterly as of the last business day of each quarter
                                     and allocated proportionately, once determined, based on the consolidated
                                     assets of the Company, MI Co, MI Sub and any other subsidiary through
                                     which the Company invests from time to time, unless otherwise agreed.
                                     The performance fee (the ‘‘Performance Fee’’) will be calculated and
                                     accrued quarterly and paid for the period from the Closing Date to
                                     December 31, 2017 and for each consecutive three year period thereafter
                                     (each a ‘‘Calculation Period’’). The amount of the Performance Fee shall
                                     be determined as of the end of the last day of each Calculation Period with
                                     respect to the Multiple Voting Shares and the Subordinate Voting Shares of
                                     the Company then outstanding. All calculations with respect to the
                                     Performance Fee will be made to four decimal places.
                                     The Performance Fee for a Calculation Period, if any, will be paid within
                                     30 days after the Company issues its year-end audited financial statements
                                     for the last calendar year of such Calculation Period. The Performance Fee
                                     will be allocated proportionately, once determined, based on the
                                     consolidated assets of the Company, MI Co, MI Sub and any other
                                     subsidiary through which the Company invests from time to time, and paid
                                     by the Company to Fairfax, unless otherwise agreed.
                                     The Performance Fee will be payable in cash, or at the option of Fairfax, in
                                     Subordinate Voting Shares. If Fairfax elects to have the Performance Fee
                                     paid in Subordinate Voting Shares, such election must be made no later
                                     than December 15 of the last year of the applicable Calculation Period in



                                                       -18-
                             respect of which the Performance Fee is to be paid. The number of
                             Subordinate Voting Shares to be issued will be calculated based on market
                             price (the ‘‘Market Price’’), being the volume-weighted average trading
                             price of the Subordinate Voting Shares on a recognized stock exchange for
                             the 10 trading days prior to and including the last day of the Calculation
                             Period in respect of which the Performance Fee is to be paid regardless of
                             the actual date of issuance thereof and for purposes of calculating the
                             Performance Fee in respect of subsequent Calculation Periods thereafter
                             will be deemed to be outstanding as of the first day of such Calculation
                             Period regardless of the date of actual issuance. Notwithstanding the
                             foregoing, in respect of the first two Calculation Periods following Closing,
                             in the event that the Subordinate Voting Shares are trading at a Market
                             Price per Subordinate Voting Share that is less than 2 times the NAV per
                             Share as of the last day of the applicable Calculation Period, Fairfax shall
                             receive the Performance Fee, if any, in the form of Subordinate Voting
                             Shares, to the extent permitted under applicable law, stock exchange rules
                             and the immediately following sentence. In no instance will Subordinate
                             Voting Shares be issued to satisfy the Performance Fee if, after such
                             issuance, Fairfax and its affiliates would own more than 49% of the
                             outstanding equity capital of the Company on the date of issuance.
                             The Administration and Advisory Fee and the Performance Fee, if any, will
                             be paid to Fairfax. Any portion of such fees to which the Portfolio Advisor
                             is entitled will be paid by Fairfax to the Portfolio Advisor.
                             The Performance Fee for a Calculation Period will be equal to the product
                             of:
                             (a) the number of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares
                             outstanding as of the end of the last day of each Calculation Period (each a
                             ‘‘Determination Date’’) for such Calculation Period (calculated before
                             taking into account any Subordinate Voting Shares issuable in payment of a
                             Performance Fee for such Calculation Period), and
                             (b) 20% of the amount by which the sum of:
                                 (i) the NAV per Share of the Company at the end of such
                             Calculation Period (calculated before taking into account the Performance
                             Fee payable for the period ending on the Determination Date for such
                             Calculation Period), plus
                                  (ii) the total amount of distributions paid on the Multiple Voting
                             Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares during such Calculation Period and
                             all consecutive immediately preceding Calculation Periods, if any, in
                             respect of which no Performance Fee was paid divided by the weighted
                             average number of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares
                             outstanding during such Calculation Periods,
                             exceeds the greater of:
                                 (i)    the High Water Mark, and
                                 (ii)   the Hurdle per Share.
Ongoing Fees and Expenses:   The Portfolio Advisor and Fairfax will each be responsible for their own
                             day-to-day operating expenses, including in connection with the provision
                             of investment advisory (including discovery and evaluation of investment
                             opportunities) and portfolio administration services for the Company and



                                              -19-
its subsidiaries, compensation of their professional staff and the cost of
office space, office supplies, communications, telephone, news, quotation
and computer equipment, utilities and other normal overhead expenses.
The Portfolio Advisor will also bear fees and expenses payable to any
sub-advisor.
Each of the Company and its subsidiaries will be responsible for its own
operating expenses including: (i) all expenses incurred in connection with
trading and the acquisition, holding or disposition of investments following
recommendation by the Portfolio Advisor, including taxes, brokerage fees
and commissions, underwriting commissions and discounts, expenses
related to indemnification obligations, and legal, accounting, investment
banking, consulting, information services and other professional fees;
(ii) all costs and expenses relating to investment transactions that are not
consummated after recommendation by the Portfolio Advisor, and legal,
accounting, investment banking, consulting, information services and other
professional fees related thereto; (iii) entity-level taxes; (iv) all costs and
fees relating to the preparation of financial statements, audits, financial and
tax reports, portfolio valuations, tax returns and other reports and
continuous disclosure materials, including fees and out-of-pocket expenses
of any service company retained to provide accounting and bookkeeping
services; (v) all ongoing legal and compliance costs and the costs of
prosecuting or defending any legal action for or against any of the
Company, MI Co, MI Sub, the Board, the MI Co Board, the MI Sub
Board, any other subsidiary through which the Company invests in Indian
Investments from time to time and its board of directors, the Portfolio
Advisor, Fairfax or any of their respective affiliates relating to the affairs of
the Company; (vi) compensation of officers and employees (excluding the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and Corporate
Secretary of the Company); (vii) all fees, costs and expenses related to all
governmental filings of the Company or its subsidiaries; (viii) expenses of
the directors, including directors’ fees and travel expenses; (ix) expenses
related to maintenance of corporate records and books of account,
including, without limitation, accounting and auditing fees, disbursements
and company secretarial expenses; and (x) expenses related to organization
and conduct of directors’ and shareholders’ meetings and the preparation
and distribution of all reports to, and other communications with,
shareholders, expenses related to issuing and transferring shares and
paying dividends or making other distributions thereon, extraordinary
expenses and other similar expenses.
The total amount of compensation to be paid by the Company and its
subsidiaries in respect of directors, officers and employees is expected to be
less than US$1.5 million per annum, in the aggregate.
Any arrangements for additional services to be provided to the Company or
its subsidiaries by the Portfolio Advisor, Fairfax or any affiliates thereof
that have not been described in this annual information form will be on
terms that are no less favourable to the Company or its subsidiaries than
those available from arm’s length persons (within the meaning of the
Tax Act) for comparable services, and the Company or such subsidiary, as
the case may be, will pay all expenses associated with any such additional
services.




                  -20-
     The ‘‘High Water Mark’’ will be (a) in respect of the initial Calculation Period, the Net Proceeds of the
Offerings on the Closing Date, divided by the aggregate number of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate
Voting Shares outstanding on the Closing Date, and (b) in respect of any Calculation Period thereafter, (x) the
highest NAV per Share on any preceding Determination Date for a Calculation Period in respect of which a
Performance Fee was paid (calculated after taking into account the Performance Fee, if any, in respect of such
Calculation Period, including any Performance Fee which is paid through the issuance of Subordinate Voting
Shares) or (y) if no Performance Fee has yet been paid, the High Water Mark in respect of the initial Calculation
Period.
    The ‘‘Hurdle per Share’’ for a Calculation Period will be equal to the quotient of:
    (a) the sum of:
         (x) the product of (1) the weighted average of the Adjusted Capital for the period from the Closing
             Date to the Determination Date for such Calculation Period, (2) 5%, and (3) the number of years
             (which need not be an integer) since the Closing Date, and
         (y) the Adjusted Capital on the Determination Date for such Calculation Period,
         divided by
    (b) the number of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding on the
        Determination Date for such Calculation Period (calculated before taking into account any
        Subordinate Voting Shares issued in payment of a Performance Fee for such Calculation Period).
     The ‘‘Adjusted Capital’’ on any date is equal to the net proceeds from the issuance of Multiple Voting
Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares on the Closing Date, plus the net proceeds from, or consideration for, all
issuances of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares (other than on a share conversion) after the
Closing Date but on or before such date, less all amounts paid by the Company in connection with any purchase
for cancellation of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares after the Closing Date but on or
before such date.

RISK FACTORS
     An investment in the Company and the Subordinate Voting Shares carries a number of risks, many of which
are inherent in the business to be conducted by the Company, including the risk that the entire investment may
be lost. In addition to all other information set out in this annual information form, the following specific factors
could materially adversely affect the Company. Other risks and uncertainties that the Company does not
presently consider to be material, or of which the Company is not presently aware, may become important
factors that affect the Company’s future financial condition and results of operations. The occurrence of any of
the risks discussed below could materially adversely affect the business, prospects, financial condition, results of
operations or cash flow of the Company.

Canadian Tax-Related Risk Factors
Taxation of the Company
     The Company is subject to tax in each taxation year under Part I of the Tax Act on the amount of its income
for the year including income that is deemed to accrue to it in respect of the FAPI of any of its CFAs or Indirect
CFAs. To the extent that any CFA of the Company, including MI Co and MI Sub or any Indirect CFA, including
MI Sub, earns income that is characterized as FAPI in a particular taxation year of the CFA or Indirect CFA, the
FAPI of the CFA allocable to the Company must be included in computing the income of the Company for
Canadian federal income tax purposes for the fiscal year of the Company in which the taxation year of the CFA
or the Indirect CFA ends, whether or not the Company actually receives a distribution of that FAPI. The
Company, MI Co and MI Sub are anticipated to earn FAPI in respect of certain interest, dividends and capital
gains received from its investments including, in certain circumstances, FAPI which arises from deemed income
under section 94.1 of the Tax Act. As a consequence, the Company is expected to be subject to Canadian tax
even though it may not be distributing its income as dividends to Holders.




                                                        -21-
    As the Company and its subsidiaries will invest in investment securities issued by foreign issuers, the
Company and its subsidiaries may be subject to foreign withholding taxes in respect of payments received or
deemed to be received from such investments for which they may be unable to obtain relief in the form of
deductions or credits from taxes otherwise payable.
     The tax laws of India as they apply to direct and indirect investors in Indian investments including
shareholders of the Company are uncertain and evolving and it is not clear as a practical matter how they might
be applied to foreign nationals transacting in shares of a public company on a foreign stock exchange.
Accordingly, there is a risk that a Canadian resident shareholder of the Company may be subject to Indian
income or withholding tax on gains realized by the shareholder on a disposition of shares of the Company and
that dividend payments made by the Company to its shareholders may also be subject to withholding tax in India
if the shares of the Company derive, directly or indirectly, their value substantially from assets located in India.
The Tax Act contains comprehensive rules that provide Canadian residents with foreign tax credits or deductions
in respect of income and withholding taxes paid by (or on behalf of) such residents to a government other than
Canada. However such rules are complex and subject to various exceptions and limitations and, as a result, there
is a risk that a Canadian resident shareholder of the Company may not be able to obtain a foreign tax credit
and/or deduction that would fully offset the amount of Indian tax paid by such shareholder. See: ‘‘Risk Factors
Related to Investments in India — Indian Tax Law’’ below.

Taxation of MI Co and MI Sub
     It is assumed that MI Co and MI Sub will, at all times, be non-residents of Canada for purposes of the
Tax Act. MI Co and MI Sub, however, have directors who are resident in Canada. A corporation that has its
‘‘mind and management’’ in Canada will be considered to be resident in Canada for Canadian federal income
tax purposes. The Company intends to operate MI Co and MI Sub to ensure that its ‘‘mind and management’’
does not reside in Canada and that it does not carry on business in Canada. However, no assurances with respect
to factual determinations such as this can be given by the Company’s legal counsel. If MI Co or MI Sub were
found to be resident in Canada, MI Co or MI Sub, as the case may be, would be subject to tax in Canada on its
worldwide income. If MI Co or MI Sub were found to carry on business in Canada, it would be subject to tax in
Canada on its income in respect of its business carried on in Canada.
    If MI Co and MI Sub are non-residents of Canada under the Tax Act and they do not carry on business in
Canada, they should not be subject to tax in Canada.

Risk Factors Related to the Business of the Company
Substantial Loss of Capital
     The investments to be made by the Company are speculative in nature and purchasers of Subordinate
Voting Shares could experience a loss of all or substantially all of their investment in the Company. There can be
no assurance that the Company will be able to make and realize investments or generate positive returns. There
can also be no assurance that the returns generated, if any, will be commensurate with the risks of investing in
the types of investments contemplated by the Company’s investment objectives. As such, an investment in the
Company should only be considered by persons who can afford a loss of their entire investment.

Shareholders Are Not Entitled to Vote on the Company’s Proposed Investments
     In determining how best to invest the Net Proceeds of the Offering, the Company will be relying on the
Portfolio Advisor to source and identify suitable investments. Accordingly, holders of Subordinate Voting Shares
will not be afforded the opportunity to either approve or oppose an investment opportunity of the Company.
Thus, the Company may consummate any such investment even if a majority of the holders of its outstanding
equity securities do not favour the particular investment.

Long-Term Nature of Investment
     An investment in Subordinate Voting Shares requires a long-term commitment with no certainty of return.
Most investments to be made by the Company are not expected to generate current income. Therefore, the
return of capital to the Company and the realization of gains, if any, from the Company’s investments will


                                                       -22-
generally occur only upon the partial or complete realization or disposition of such investment. While an
investment of the Company may be realized or disposed of at any time, it is generally expected that the ultimate
realization or disposition of most of the Company’s investments will not occur for a number of years after each
such investment is made.

Limited Number of Investments
     Subject to the Investment Concentration Restrictions, the Company may own relatively few investments.
Consequently, the Company’s aggregate returns may be significantly adversely affected if one or more significant
investments perform poorly or if the Company needs to write-down the value of any one significant investment.

Geographic Concentration of Investments
     The Company intends to invest all of the Net Proceeds of the Offerings in various investment opportunities
in India and in Indian businesses or other businesses with customers, suppliers or business primarily conducted
in, or dependent on, India. As a result, the Company’s performance will be particularly sensitive to economic
changes in India. The market value of the Company’s investments, the income generated by the Company and
the Company’s performance will be particularly sensitive to changes in the economic condition and regulatory
environment in India. Adverse changes in the economic condition or regulatory environment of India may have
a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

Potential Lack of Diversification
    Although the Company’s investments are required to be in India and Indian businesses or other businesses
with customers, suppliers or business primarily conducted in, or dependent on, India, the Company does not
have any specific limits on investments in businesses in any one industry or size of business. Accordingly, the
Company’s investments may be more susceptible to fluctuations in value resulting from adverse economic
conditions affecting a particular industry or segment of business in India than would be the case if the Company
were required to satisfy certain investment guidelines relating to business diversification.

Financial Market Fluctuations
    The Company intends to invest in both private businesses and publicly traded businesses. With respect to
publicly traded businesses, fluctuations in the market prices of such securities may negatively affect the value of
such investments. In addition, general instability in the public debt market and other securities markets may
impede the ability of businesses to refinance their debt through selling new securities, thereby limiting the
Company’s investment options with regard to a particular portfolio investment.
     Global capital markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption in recent years as evidenced by
the failure of major financial institutions, significant write-offs suffered by the financial services sector, the
re-pricing of credit risk, the unavailability of credit or the downgrading and the possibility of default by sovereign
issuers, forced exit or voluntary withdrawal of countries from a common currency and/or devaluation. Despite
actions of government authorities, these events have contributed to a worsening of general economic conditions,
high levels of unemployment in Western economies and the introduction of austerity measures by governments.
     Such worsening of financial market and economic conditions may have a negative effect on the valuations
of, and the ability of the Company to exit or partially divest from, investment positions. Adverse economic
conditions may also decrease the value of collateral securing some of its positions, and require the Company to
contribute additional collateral.
     Depending on market conditions, the Company may incur substantial realized and unrealized losses in
future periods, all of which may materially adversely affect its results of operations and the value of any
investment in the Company.

Pace of Completing Investments
    The Company’s business is to identify, with the assistance of the Portfolio Advisor, suitable investment
opportunities, pursuing such opportunities and consummating such investment opportunities. If the Company is



                                                        -23-
unable to source and manage its investments effectively, it would adversely impact the Company’s financial
position and results of operations. There can be no assurance as to the pace of finding and implementing
investment opportunities.
     Conversely, there may only be a limited number of suitable investment opportunities at any given time. This
may cause the Company, while it deploys cash proceeds (from the Net Proceeds of the Offering, from future
inflows of capital, or otherwise) not yet invested, to hold significant levels of cash, cash equivalents or Permitted
Investments. A lengthy period prior to which capital is deployed may adversely affect the Company’s overall
performance.

Control or Significant Influence Position Risk
     Although non-control investments may also be made, the Company generally intends, subject to compliance
with applicable law, to make investments that allow the Company to acquire control or exercise significant
influence over management and the strategic direction of a business. The exercise of control over a business
imposes additional risks of liability for environmental damage, product defects, failure to supervise management
and other types of liability in which the limited liability characteristic of business operations may be ignored. The
exercise of control over an investment could expose the assets of the Company to claims by such businesses, its
shareholders and its creditors. While the Company intends to manage its investments in a manner that will
minimize the exposure to these risks, the possibility of successful claims cannot be precluded.

Minority Investments
     The Company may make minority equity investments in businesses in which the Company does not
participate in the management or otherwise control the business or affairs of such businesses. The Company will
monitor the performance of each investment and maintain an ongoing dialogue with each businesses’
management team. However, it will be primarily the responsibility of the management of the business to operate
the business on a day-to-day basis and the Company may not have the right to control such business.

Ranking of Company Investments and Structural Subordination
     The Company will invest in public and private equity securities and debt instruments. Portfolio investments
may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt in which the
Company invests. By their terms, such debt instruments may entitle the holders to receive payment of interest or
principal on or before the dates on which the Company is entitled to receive payments with respect to the debt
instruments in which the Company invests. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution,
reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio business, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to the
Company’s investment in that portfolio business would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before the
Company receives any distribution. After repaying such senior creditors, such portfolio business may not have
any remaining assets to use to repay its obligation to the Company. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt
instruments in which the Company invests, the Company would have to share on an equal basis any distributions
with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or
bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio business.

Follow-On Investments
     Following the initial investment in a business, the Company may be called upon to provide additional funds
or have the opportunity to increase its investment in such business through the exercise of a warrant or other
right to purchase securities or to fund additional investments through such business. There is no assurance that
the Company will make follow-on investments or that the Company will have sufficient funds to make any such
investment. Even if the Company has sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, the Company
may elect not to make such investment, as the Company may not want to increase its level of risk, the Company
may prefer other opportunities or the Company may be restricted from doing so under its investment guidelines.
Any decision by the Company not to make follow-on investments or its inability to make such follow-on
investments may have a negative impact on the portfolio business in need of such investment, may result in a




                                                        -24-
missed opportunity for the Company to increase its participation in a successful operation or may reduce the
expected return on the investment.

Prepayments of Debt Investments
     Debt investments made by the Company may be repaid or prepaid by portfolio businesses prior to maturity.
When this occurs, the Company will generally reinvest these proceeds in temporary investments, pending their
future investment in new portfolio businesses. These temporary investments will typically have substantially
lower yields than the debt being prepaid and the Company could experience significant delays in reinvesting
these amounts. Any future investment in a new portfolio business may also be at lower yields than the debt that
was repaid. As a result, the Company’s results of operations could be materially adversely affected if one or
more portfolio businesses elect to prepay amounts owed to the Company. Changes in interest rates may cause
prepayments to occur at a faster than expected rate, thereby effectively shortening the maturity of the security
and making the security less likely to be an income-producing instrument. Additionally, prepayments, net of
prepayment fees (if any), could negatively impact the Company’s return on equity.

Risks upon Dispositions of Investments
     In connection with the disposition of an investment in a business, the Company may be required to make
representations about the business and financial affairs of the business, or may be responsible as a selling
stockholder for the contents of disclosure documents under applicable securities laws. The Company may also
be required to indemnify the borrowers, investors or purchasers of such investment or underwriters to the extent
that any such representation turns out to be incorrect, inaccurate or misleading.

Bridge Financings
     From time to time, the Company may lend to businesses on a short-term, unsecured basis in anticipation of
a future issuance of equity or long-term securities. Such bridge loans will typically be convertible into a more
permanent, long-term security. It is possible, however, for reasons not always in the Company’s control, that
such long-term securities may not be issued and such bridge loans may remain outstanding. In such event, the
interest rate on such loans may not adequately reflect the risk associated with the unsecured position taken by
the Company.

Reliance on Key Personnel and Risks Associated with the Investment Advisory Agreement
     The management and governance of the Company depends on the services of certain key personnel,
including the Portfolio Advisor, Fairfax, as Portfolio Administrator, and certain executive officers of the
Company. The loss of the services of any key personnel, particularly V. Prem Watsa and Chandran Ratnaswami,
could have a material adverse effect on the Company and materially adversely affect the Company’s financial
condition and results of operations.
     The Company will rely on the Portfolio Advisor and any of its sub-advisors, from time to time, including
Fairbridge, with respect to the sourcing and advising with respect to their investments. Consequently, the
Company’s ability to achieve its investment objectives depends in large part on the Portfolio Advisor and its
ability to identify and advise the Company on attractive investment opportunities. This means that the
Company’s investments are dependent upon the Portfolio Advisor’s business contacts, its ability to successfully
hire, train, supervise and manage its personnel and its ability to maintain its operating systems. If the Company
were to lose the services provided by the Portfolio Advisor or its key personnel or if the Portfolio Advisor fails to
satisfactorily perform its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company’s investments and
growth prospects may decline.
     The Company may be unable to duplicate the quality and depth of management from the Portfolio Advisor
if the Company were to source and manage its own investments or if it were to hire another investment advisor.
Prospective investors should not purchase any securities of the Company unless they are prepared to rely on the
Directors, the MI Directors, each of their respective executive officers and the Portfolio Advisor. The
Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated in certain circumstances and is only renewable on certain
conditions. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Company will continue to have the benefit of the



                                                        -25-
Portfolio Advisor’s services, or Fairfax’s services, including their respective executive officers, that the Portfolio
Advisor will continue to be the Company’s investment advisor or that Fairfax will continue to provide investment
administration services. If the Portfolio Advisor should cease for whatever reason to be the investment advisor of
the Company or Fairfax should cease to provide investment administration services to the Company, the cost of
obtaining substitute services may be greater than the fees the Company will pay the Portfolio Advisor and
Fairfax under the Investment Advisory Agreement, and this may adversely affect the Company’s ability to meet
its objectives and execute its strategy which could materially and adversely effect the Company’s cash flows,
operating results and financial condition.

Effect of Fees
    The Company will be required to pay the Administration and Advisory Fee (which includes the
Performance Fee, if any) to Fairfax. From time to time, the payment of such fees will reduce the actual returns to
holders of Subordinate Voting Shares. A portion of these fees will be payable to Fairfax regardless of whether
the Company produces positive investment returns.

Performance Fee could induce Fairfax to make Speculative Investments
     The Performance Fee that may be payable to Fairfax may create an incentive for the Portfolio Advisor to
make or recommend investments that are more speculative or involve more risk than would be the case in the
absence of such a compensation arrangement. The way in which the Performance Fee payable is determined
(calculated as a percentage of the return above a certain amount on invested capital) may encourage the
Portfolio Advisor to use or recommend the use of leverage to increase the return on the Company’s investments.
Increased use of leverage and the corresponding increased risk of replacement of that leverage at maturity could
increase the likelihood of default, which could materially and adversely affect the Company’s cash flows,
operating results and financial condition.

Operating and Financial Risks of Investments
     Businesses in which the Company invests could deteriorate as a result of, among other factors, adverse
developments in their business operations, a change in the competitive environment or an economic downturn.
As a result, businesses which the Company expects to be stable may operate, or expect to operate, at a loss or
have significant variations in operating results, may require substantial additional capital to support their
operations or to maintain their competitive position, or may otherwise have a weak financial condition or be
experiencing financial distress. In some cases, the success of the Company’s investment strategy will depend, in
part, on the ability of the Company to restructure and effect improvements in the operations of a business in
which they have invested. The activity of identifying and implementing restructuring programs and operating
improvements at businesses entails a high degree of uncertainty. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to successfully identify and implement such restructuring programs and improvements.
     Although the Company’s investment strategy includes a focus on tight control of risk, there can be no
assurance that the various risks of an investment will be successfully controlled or that losses can be completely
avoided.

Allocation of Personnel
     The Portfolio Advisor’s officers and employees will not be able to devote all of their business time and
attention to the Company as they will continue to be involved in the operations of the Portfolio Advisor’s other
lines of business. The Portfolio Advisor’s officers and employees will devote such time and attention to the
business of the Company as they reasonably consider necessary to effectively carry out the operations of the
Company and satisfactorily perform its obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement.

Potential Conflicts of Interest
     The Company will rely on the Portfolio Advisor’s expertise in identifying and advising on investment
opportunities, transaction execution and asset management capabilities. The Portfolio Advisor also provides
similar services to other subsidiaries of Fairfax. The advisory services to be provided by the Portfolio Advisor



                                                        -26-
under the Investment Advisory Agreement are to be provided on a non-exclusive basis to the Company and its
subsidiaries, and accordingly, there are no restrictions on the Portfolio Advisor from providing similar services to
other entities, including Fairfax and its subsidiaries, or from engaging in other activities in the future (whether or
not their investment objectives, strategies and policies are similar to those of the Company). The Company
acknowledges that the Portfolio Advisor will allocate investment opportunities among the Company and its
subsidiaries and the Portfolio Advisor’s other portfolio clients in accordance with the Portfolio Advisor’s fair
allocation policy. As a result of this fair allocation policy, the Company may, from time to time, be precluded
from participating in an investment opportunity available to the Portfolio Advisor that would otherwise be
compatible with the Company’s investment objectives and restrictions. In addition, although allocation of
investment opportunities will be made in accordance with the Portfolio Advisor’s fair allocation policy, the
Portfolio Advisor may encounter conflicts of interest when allocating investment opportunities among the
Company and the Portfolio Advisor’s other portfolio clients.
     The Portfolio Advisor is not restricted from forming additional investment funds, entering into other
investment advisory relationships, exercising investment responsibility, engaging in other business
(or non-business) activities or directly or indirectly purchasing, selling, holding or otherwise dealing with any
securities for the account of any such other business or for other portfolio clients (including, without limitation,
for or on behalf of clients that invest or may invest in the Company). These activities may be in competition with
the Company or involve substantial time and resources of the Portfolio Advisor. These activities, including the
establishment of other investment funds which may be more, similarly or less concentrated than the Company,
may give rise to additional conflicts of interest.
     Furthermore, certain Indian indirect subsidiaries of Fairfax, each of which are comprised of their own
management teams, will continue to operate their existing businesses as they see fit and pursue additional Indian
investment opportunities for themselves as they may desire. Such competition may increase the cost of
investment opportunities that are of interest to the Company, increase competition for those investment
opportunities generally or inhibit their consummation altogether.
    In addition, the MI Directors will, from time to time, in their individual capacities, deal with parties with
whom the Company or its subsidiaries may be dealing, or may be seeking investments similar to those desired by
the Company or its subsidiaries. It is possible that the interests of these persons could conflict with those of the
Company or its subsidiaries. Applicable corporate law contains conflict of interest provisions requiring the
Directors to disclose their interests in certain contracts and transactions and to refrain from voting on
those matters.
      Conflicts may also exist due to the fact that certain Directors will be affiliated with the Portfolio Advisor.
While the Company and the Portfolio Advisor will enter into certain arrangements, the Portfolio Advisor and its
affiliates are engaged in a wide variety of business activities, and the Company may, consequently, become
involved in transactions that conflict with the interests of the Portfolio Advisor and/or its affiliates.

The Liability of the Portfolio Advisor is Limited and the Company and the Portfolio Advisor have not been
Represented by Separate Legal Counsel
     Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Portfolio Advisor does not assume any responsibility other
than to perform the obligations, duties and responsibilities described in the Investment Advisory Agreement. As
a result, the right of the Company to recover against the Portfolio Advisor may be limited to damages arising out
of the performance or non-performance of the responsibilities explicitly set forth in the Investment Advisory
Agreement. In addition, the Investment Advisory Agreement contains provisions exonerating the Portfolio
Advisor and related persons from liability in connection with the performance of obligations under the
Investment Advisory Agreement or indemnifying the Portfolio Advisor or related persons under certain
circumstances, even if the Portfolio Advisor has been negligent. These protections from liability may result in the
Portfolio Advisor tolerating greater risks when making investment-related decisions or providing investment-
related advice than would otherwise be the case, including when determining whether to use or advise with
respect to leverage in connection with investments.




                                                        -27-
     The Company and the Portfolio Advisor have not been represented by separate legal counsel in connection
with the structuring of the Company, its operations, contractual relationships and the Offering, and such terms
have not been negotiated at arm’s length.

Employee Misconduct at the Portfolio Advisor Could Harm the Company
     There is a risk that employees of the Portfolio Advisor could engage in misconduct that adversely affects its
reputation, business and ability to successfully execute its investment strategy and which, in turn, may harm the
operations and financial condition of the Company. The Portfolio Advisor’s business often requires that it deal
with confidential matters relating to companies on which it may provide advice or invest. It is not always possible
to detect or deter employee misconduct, and the precautions the Portfolio Advisor takes to detect and prevent
these types of activities may not be effective in all cases. If any of the Portfolio Advisor’s employees were to
engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, whether or not substantiated, the Portfolio
Advisor’s business and reputation could be adversely affected and a loss of investor confidence could result,
which could materially adversely affect the Company.

Valuation Methodologies Involve Subjective Judgments
     For purposes of IFRS-compliant financial reporting, the Company’s assets and liabilities will be valued in
accordance with IFRS. Accordingly, the Company is required to follow a specific framework for measuring the
fair value of its assets and liabilities and, in its audited financial statements, to provide certain disclosures
regarding the use of fair value measurements.
     The fair value measurement accounting guidance establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework that ranks
the observability of market inputs used in measuring financing instruments at fair value. The observability of
inputs depends on a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to
the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of
transactions between market participants. Financial instruments with readily quoted prices, or for which fair
value can be measured from quoted prices in active markets, generally will have a high degree of market price
observability and less judgment applied in determining fair value.
      A portion of the Company’s portfolio investments may be in the form of securities that are not publicly
traded. The fair value of securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily
determinable. The Company will value these securities quarterly at fair value as determined in good faith by the
Company and in accordance with the valuation policies and procedures described under ‘‘Calculation of Total
Assets and Net Asset Value’’. However, the Company may be required to value its securities at fair value as
determined in good faith by the Board to the extent necessary to reflect significant events affecting the value of
its securities. The Company may utilize the services of an independent valuation firm to aid it in determining the
fair value of these securities. The types of factors that may be considered in fair value pricing of the Company’s
investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio business’ ability to make
payments and its earnings, the markets in which the portfolio investment does business, comparison to publicly
traded companies, discounted cash flow and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly
valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, such valuations may fluctuate
over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, and the Company’s determinations of fair value may
differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. The
value of the Company’s Total Assets could be materially adversely affected if the Company’s determinations
regarding the fair value of its investments were materially higher than the values that it ultimately realizes upon
the disposition of such securities.
    The value of the Company’s portfolio may also be affected by changes in accounting standards, policies or
practices. From time to time, the Company will be required to adopt new or revised accounting standards or
guidance. It is possible that future accounting standards that the Company is required to adopt could change the
valuation of the Company’s assets and liabilities.
     Due to a wide variety of market factors and the nature of certain securities to be held by the Company,
there is no guarantee that the value determined by the Company or any third-party valuation agents will
represent the value that will be realized by the Company on the eventual disposition of the investment or that



                                                       -28-
would, in fact, be realized upon an immediate disposition of the investment. Moreover, the valuations to be
performed by the Company or any third-party valuation agents are inherently different from the valuation of the
Company’s securities that would be performed if the Company were forced to liquidate all or a significant
portion of its securities, which liquidation valuation could be materially lower.

Lawsuits
     The Company may, from time to time, become party to a variety of legal claims and regulatory proceedings
in Canada, India, Mauritius or elsewhere. The existence of such claims against the Company or its affiliates,
directors or officers could have various adverse effects, including the incurrence of significant legal expenses
defending such claims, even those claims without merit. The Company intends to manage day-to-day regulatory
and legal risk primarily by implementing appropriate policies, procedures and controls. Internal and external
legal counsel are also expected to work closely with the Company to identify and mitigate areas of potential
regulatory and legal risk.

Foreign Currency Fluctuation
     All of the Company’s portfolio investments, once completed, will be made in India and in Indian businesses
or other businesses with customers, suppliers or business primarily conducted in, or dependent on, India, or in
Permitted Investments, and the financial position and results for these investments are expected to be principally
denominated in Indian Rupees (‘‘INR’’). The Company’s reporting currency is the United States dollar.
Accordingly, the revenues and expenses of such Indian Investments will be translated at average rates of
exchange in effect during the applicable reporting period. Assets and liabilities will be translated at the exchange
rates in effect at the balance sheet date. As a result, the Company’s consolidated financial position is subject to
foreign currency fluctuation risk, which could materially adversely impact its operating results and cash flows.
Although the Company may enter into currency hedging arrangements in respect of its foreign currency cash
flows, there can be no assurance that the Company will do so or, if they do, that the full amount of the foreign
currency exposure will be hedged at any time.

Derivative Risks
     The Company may employ hedging techniques to minimize certain investment risks, such as fluctuations in
interest and currency exchange rates, but the Company can offer no assurance that such strategies will be
effective. If the Company engages in hedging transactions, it may expose itself to risks associated with such
transactions. The Company may utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate
swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of the Company’s
portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Hedging against a decline
in the value of the Company’s portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values
of such positions or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish
other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of
such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of the
portfolio positions should increase. Moreover, it may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or
interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that the Company is not able to enter into a hedging
transaction at an acceptable price.
     The degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price
movements in the portfolio positions being hedged may vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, the Company
may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings
being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent the Company from achieving the intended hedge and
expose the Company to risk of loss. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against
currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies. While the Company
has no current intention of engaging in any of the hedging transactions described above, it nonetheless reserves
the right to do so in the future.




                                                       -29-
Unknown Merits and Risks of Future Investments
     Although the Company’s officers, directors and the Portfolio Advisor will endeavour to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular investment, there can be no assurance that the Company or the Portfolio Advisor will
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risks or that the Company or the Portfolio Advisor will have
adequate time to complete appropriate due diligence investigations. Furthermore, some of these risks may be
outside of the Company’s control and leave the Company with no ability to control or reduce the chances that
those risks will adversely impact a target business.

Opinions From Independent Investment Banks or Accounting Firms Are Not Contemplated
     The Company is not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting
firm that the price the Company is paying for a particular investment is fair to the Company from a financial
point of view. If no opinion is obtained, holders of Subordinate Voting Shares will be relying on the judgment of
the Board, its executive officers and the Portfolio Advisor, who will determine fair market value based on
standards generally accepted by the financial community. Except as required by law, the Company has no
intention of obtaining an opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting firm prior to making
each of its investments.

Resources Could Be Wasted In Researching Investment Opportunities That Are Not Ultimately Completed
     The Company anticipates that the investigation of each specific investment opportunity that has been
recommended by the Portfolio Advisor and the negotiation, drafting and execution of the relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and
substantial costs for accountants, lawyers and others. In the event that the Company elects not to complete a
specific investment, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction are not likely to be
recoverable by the Company. Furthermore, in the event that the Company reaches an agreement relating to a
specific investment, it may fail to complete such an investment for any number of reasons, including those
beyond the Company’s control. Any such occurrence will similarly likely result in a loss to the Company of the
related costs incurred for accountants, lawyers and others.

Investments May Be Made In Foreign Private Businesses Where Information Is Unreliable or Unavailable
     In pursuing the Company’s investment strategy, the Company may seek to make one or more investments in
privately-held businesses. As minimal public information exists about private businesses, the Company could be
required to make investment decisions on whether to pursue a potential investment in a private business on the
basis of limited information, which may result in an investment in a business that is not as profitable as the
Company initially suspected, if at all.
    Investments in private businesses pose certain incremental risks as compared to investments in public
businesses, including that they:
    • have reduced access to the capital markets, resulting in diminished capital resources and ability to
      withstand financial distress;
    • may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt
      securities that the Company may hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any
      collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of the Company realizing any guarantees that it may have
      obtained in connection with its investment;
    • may have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger
      businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors’ actions and changing market
      conditions, as well as general economic downturns;
    • are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore,
      the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material
      adverse impact on a portfolio investment and, as a result, the Company; and
    • generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be
      engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and


                                                      -30-
       may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their
       competitive position.

Material, Non-Public Information
     The Company may substantially participate in or influence the conduct, affairs or management of portfolio
businesses in which it invests. Directors, officers, employees, designees, associates or affiliates of the Company
may, from time to time, serve as directors of, or in a similar capacity with, businesses in which the Company
invests. By reason of their responsibilities in connection with these and other activities, certain Company,
Portfolio Advisor personnel or advisors may acquire confidential or material non-public information or be
restricted from initiating transactions in certain securities. The Company will not be free to act upon any such
information. In addition, these individuals may become subject to trading restrictions pursuant to the internal
trading policies of such businesses. Due to these restrictions, the Company may not be able to initiate a
transaction that it otherwise might have initiated and may not be able to sell an investment that it otherwise
might have sold. Conversely, the Company may not have access to material non-public information in the
possession of the Portfolio Advisor which might be relevant to an investment decision to be made by the
Company and the Company may initiate a transaction or sell an investment which, if such information had been
known to it, may not have been undertaken.

Illiquidity of Investments
     Some of the investments of the Company in India or in Indian businesses or other businesses with
customers, suppliers or business primarily conducted in, or dependent on, India, are expected to be in private
businesses and, in turn, highly illiquid. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to
realize on its investments in a timely manner or at all, which may also make the Company difficult to accurately
value. Illiquidity may result from the absence of an established market for the investments as well as legal or
contractual restrictions on their resale. In addition, private equity investments by their nature are often difficult
and time consuming to liquidate. If the Company is required to liquidate all or a portion of its portfolio
investments quickly, it may realize significantly less than the value at which the Company previously recorded
such investments.
     Furthermore, it is possible that unlisted portfolio businesses in which the Company invests will consider
having their securities listed with an Indian or overseas stock exchange, as a means of creating liquidity for its
investors. However, there can be no assurance that the listing of these securities will provide a viable exit
mechanism, as these securities may experience low trading volumes and a low market capitalization at the time
of intended disposal. Also, SEBI regulations generally impose a lock-in period on promoters’ holdings in
businesses seeking listing through initial public offerings, which would reduce secondary market liquidity.
Although the Company would generally endeavour to avoid or minimize such lock-in restrictions on its
shareholdings in its portfolio investments, there can be no assurance that it will be able to do so.

Competitive Market for Investment Opportunities
     The Company will compete with a large number of other investors focused on India, such as private equity
funds, mezzanine funds, investment banks and other equity and non-equity based public and private investment
funds, and other sources of financing, including traditional financial services companies, such as commercial
banks. Competitors may have a lower cost of funds and may have access to funding sources that are not available
to the Company. In addition, certain competitors of the Company may have higher risk tolerances or different
risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more
relationships and build their respective market shares. There can be no assurance that the competitive pressures
faced by the Company will not have a material adverse effect on its activities, financial condition and results of
operations. In addition, as a result of this competition, the Company may not be able to take advantage of
attractive investment opportunities from time to time and there can be no assurance that it will be able to
identify and make investments.
     The success of the Company will depend on the availability of appropriate investment opportunities and the
ability of the Portfolio Advisor to identify, source and make recommendations in respect of those investments.



                                                        -31-
There can be no assurance that there will be a sufficient number of suitable investment opportunities to enable
the Company to invest all of the Net Proceeds of the Offerings or that such investment opportunities will lead to
completed investments by the Company. As noted above, the Company will be competing with private equity
funds, as well as mezzanine funds, institutional investors and, potentially, strategic investors, for prospective
investments. As a result of this competition, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to locate
suitable investment opportunities, acquire such investments on acceptable terms, achieve its targeted rate of
return or fully invest the Net Proceeds of the Offering.

Use of Leverage
     The Company may rely on the use of leverage when making its investments. As such, the ability to achieve
attractive rates of return on such investments will significantly depend on the Company’s continued ability to
access sources of debt financing on attractive terms. An increase in either market interest rates or in the risk
spreads demanded by lenders would make it more expensive for the Company to finance its investments and, in
turn, would reduce net returns therein. Higher interest rates could also make it more difficult for the Company
to locate and consummate investments because other potential buyers, including operating companies acting as
strategic buyers, may be able to bid for an asset at a higher price due to a lower overall cost of capital.
Availability of capital from debt capital markets is subject to significant volatility and the Company may not be
able to access those markets on attractive terms, or at all, when completing an investment. Any of the foregoing
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company.

Investing in Leveraged Businesses
     The Company may invest in highly leveraged businesses which involves a high degree of risk and will
increase the exposure of the Company to adverse economic factors, such as downturns in the economy or
deteriorations in the condition of the business in which the Company invests or its industry. In the event that any
such business in which the Company invests cannot generate adequate cash flow to meet its debt service
obligations, the Company may suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in such business. Such an
occurrence may materially adversely affect the Company’s return on its investment.

Regulation
     The Company is subject to various laws and regulations governing its business, employment standards, taxes
and other matters. It is possible that future changes in applicable federal, provincial or common laws or
regulations or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could result in changes in the legal
requirements affecting the Company (including with retroactive effect). Any changes in the laws to which the
Company is subject could materially adversely affect the Company’s investments and its overall business. It is
impossible to predict whether there will be any future changes in the regulatory regimes to which the Company
will be subject or the effect of any such change on its investments. Similarly, the businesses in which the
Company expects to invest are expected to be principally subject to the laws of India. Any changes to the existing
laws of India could have a material adverse effect on the businesses in which the Company invests, which may in
turn have a material adverse effect on the Company.

The Company is Not Subject to the TSX’s SPAC Rules
     For the avoidance of doubt, the Company is not subject to the TSX’s SPAC rules. As a result, investors
participating in the Offering will not be afforded certain of the investor protection features that are required of
SPACs under the SPAC rules, including: (i) purchasers of Subordinate Voting Shares will not have the right to
pre-approve any Indian Investments; and (ii) there will be no mechanism to return funds to purchasers of
Subordinate Voting Shares in the event that any proceeds of the Offering are not deployed.




                                                       -32-
Risk Factors Related to Investments in India
Investment and Repatriation Restrictions
     Foreign investment in the securities of Indian businesses is restricted or controlled to varying degrees.
These restrictions or controls may limit or preclude foreign investment in certain sectors and increase the costs
and expenses of the Company. Although these restrictions have been progressively eased in favour of permitting
and attracting foreign investments, there can be no guarantee that this policy of liberalization will continue.
Reversals in such policy decisions could be retrospective and therefore affect realization of value from existing
investments and could impact the Company’s ability to enforce negotiated rights.
     In order for the Company to acquire Indian-listed securities on stock exchanges in India or acquire Indian
debt securities, the Company or one of its subsidiaries will be required to be registered as a FPI in India under
the FPI Regulations. The Company intends to make its investments in India pursuant to a FPI registration
granted by SEBI to MI Sub, which registration has been obtained by MI Sub. Under the FPI Regulations, a
FPI’s individual holding must be below 10% of the total paid up share capital of an Indian-listed company. The
total FPI holding must be below 24% of the total paid up share capital of such business (or such higher
percentage approved by the business subject to the sectoral cap). To the extent that the maximum FPI limits
have been reached in that business, further investment by a FPI would not be permitted. Therefore, under the
FPI registration, MI Sub may be limited in the amount that it may invest in a particular business, and investment
opportunities in certain issuers or industries may be restricted or prohibited altogether.
     Following receipt of the necessary registrations, it is also possible that the licence granted to MI Sub may be
revoked or suspended. If registration as a FPI is not granted or continued at any time, MI Sub and the Company
would not be permitted to acquire Indian-listed securities on stock exchanges in India or several types of debt
securities of Indian businesses. MI Co may, in such a situation, make certain investments as a FDI investor,
subject to the provisions of the Government of India’s foreign direct investment policy and regulations, however
in such case the Company, together with its subsidiaries, would not be permitted to acquire securities through
the facilities of a recognized stock exchange in India (which means that it will become less attractive, from a
taxation perspective, for existing Indian shareholders to sell shares to the Company).
     The ability of the Company to invest in certain businesses may be restricted, and there can be no assurance
that additional restrictions on investments permissible for a FPI will not be imposed in the future or that the FPI
Regulations will not be amended, clarified, interpreted by judicial or administrative ruling or superseded in the
future in such a way that may adversely affect the Company. Accordingly, the revocation or suspension of such
FPI registration may result in a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, operations and financial
results.
     The ability to invest in Indian securities, exchange INR into United States dollars and repatriate investment
income, capital and proceeds of sales realized from its investments in Indian securities is subject to the (Indian)
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (‘‘FEMA’’) and the rules, regulations and notifications issued
thereunder, and the Government of India foreign investment policy and regulations. Under certain
circumstances, such as a change in law or regulation or loss of FPI authorization, governmental registration or
approval for the repatriation of investment income, capital or the proceeds of sales of securities by foreign
investors may be required. In addition, if there is a deterioration in India’s balance of payments or for other
reasons, India may impose temporary restrictions on foreign capital remittances abroad. The Company could be
adversely affected by delays in, or a refusal to grant, any required governmental approval for repatriation of
capital, as well as by the application to the Company of any restrictions on investments. The Company will be
subject to withholding and capital gains taxes, as applicable.
     The Company and MI Co intend to make investments in equity securities of listed and unlisted Indian
companies as FDIs. While there are no shareholding caps on a FDI investor, there are sectoral limits, minimum
lock-in of investments, minimum capitalization requirements, pricing guidelines and reporting requirements.
Further, FDI investors are not permitted to invest in debt instruments, other than foreign currency convertible
bonds, which will be subject to all-in-cost ceilings, restrictions on eligible borrowers, restrictions on recognized
lenders, minimum maturity requirements and restrictions on end-uses of the debt proceeds. A FDI investor is
also not permitted to acquire shares on a recognized stock exchange in India, except in certain limited
circumstances.



                                                       -33-
Aggregation Restrictions
      Under the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, Fairfax and its
affiliates would be deemed to be PACs with the Company. Although the deeming provision is a rebuttable
presumption based on facts, if it is determined in accordance with Indian law that Fairfax and its affiliates are
PACs with the Company or its subsidiaries, and their aggregate holding exceeds 25% or more of a listed Indian
company, the Company may be required to make an open offer for all of the issued and outstanding securities of
the Indian company. Consequently, any listed Indian Investments acquired by Fairfax or its affiliates may reduce
the permissible quantum that the Company will be permitted to acquire in respect of the same Indian
Investment without triggering open offer requirements.
      In addition, Fairfax and certain of its affiliates have, or are in the process of obtaining, or may obtain in the
future, FPI registrations. If it is determined in accordance with Indian law that MI Sub, on the one hand, and
Fairfax and its affiliates, on the other hand, have more than a 50% direct or indirect common shareholding,
beneficial ownership or beneficial interest, then equity investments made by Fairfax and its affiliates and MI Sub
in Indian listed companies will be aggregated for purposes of calculating the permissible quantum of investment
(i.e., less than 10% of such portfolio business’ shareholding) by each of MI Sub and Fairfax and its affiliates, to
ensure compliance with the FPI Regulations. Consequently, any Indian Investments acquired by Fairfax or its
affiliates who are registered as FPIs, may reduce the permissible quantum that MI Sub will be permitted to
acquire in respect of the same Indian Investment on the facilities of a stock exchange in India, such that the
percentage held by MI Sub, Fairfax and its affiliates equals, in the aggregate, less than 10% of such portfolio
business’ share capital.

Restrictions Relating to Debt Securities
     The Indian corporate bond market is still in its nascent stages of development and does not have the same
liquidity as developed bond markets. Investments in debt securities are subject to certain restrictions imposed
from time to time by the SEBI and the RBI (for instance, aggregate investments by all FPIs as a whole in Indian
government securities is capped at US$25 billion). Stamp duty payable on the transfer of corporate bonds held
in physical form is higher in comparison to international standards and is not uniform across all states in India.
Investment in Indian corporate bonds could be considered risky as the legal framework for recovering the
investment is lengthy and enforcement of contracts could be time consuming and expensive.

Pricing Guidelines
     Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the RBI under FEMA and the regulations issued thereunder,
foreign direct investment in Indian businesses is subject to certain minimum valuation and pricing guidelines.
Such minimum valuation and pricing guidelines may restrict the ability of the Company to make investments in
Indian businesses at attractive prices. The RBI has also prescribed certain maximum valuation and pricing
guidelines for persons and corporations resident outside of India that sell shares of Indian businesses to resident
Indian persons and corporations. Such maximum valuation and pricing guidelines may restrict the ability of the
Company to sell its investments in Indian businesses at a higher valuation than may be available in the absence
of the aforesaid restrictions prescribed by the RBI.

Emerging Markets
     The Company’s investment objective is to achieve long-term capital appreciation, while preserving capital,
by investing in Indian Investments. Foreign investment risk is particularly high given that the Company invests in
securities of issuers based in or doing business in an emerging market country.
     The economies of emerging market countries have been and may continue to be adversely affected by
economic conditions in the countries with which they trade. The economies of emerging market countries may
also be predominantly based on only a few industries or dependent on revenues from particular commodities. In
addition, custodial services and other investment-related costs may be more expensive in emerging markets than
in many developed markets, which could reduce the Company’s income from securities or debt instruments of
emerging market country issuers.




                                                         -34-
     There is a heightened possibility of imposition of withholding taxes on interest or dividend income
generated from emerging market securities. Governments of emerging market countries may engage in
confiscatory taxation or expropriation of income and/or assets to raise revenues or to pursue a domestic political
agenda. In the past, emerging market countries have nationalized assets, companies and even entire sectors,
including the assets of foreign investors, with inadequate or no compensation to the prior owners. There can be
no assurance that the Company will not suffer a loss of any or all of its investments or, interest or dividends
thereon, due to adverse fiscal or other policy changes in emerging market countries.
     Governments of many emerging market countries have exercised and continue to exercise substantial
influence over many aspects of the private sector. In some cases, the government owns or controls many
companies, including some of the largest in the country. Accordingly, government actions could have a
significant effect on economic conditions in an emerging country and on market conditions, prices and yields of
securities in the Company’s portfolio.
    Bankruptcy law and creditor reorganization processes may differ substantially from those in Canada and the
United States, resulting in greater uncertainty as to the rights of creditors, the enforceability of such rights,
reorganization timing and the classification, seniority and treatment of claims. In certain emerging market
countries, although bankruptcy laws have been enacted, the process for reorganization remains highly uncertain.
In addition, it may be impossible to seek legal redress against an issuer that is a sovereign state.
     Also, because publicly traded debt instruments of emerging market issuers represent a relatively recent
innovation in the world debt markets, there is little historical data or related market experience concerning the
attributes of such instruments under all economic, market and political conditions.
      Other heightened risks associated with emerging markets investments include without limitation: (i) risks
due to less social, political and economic stability, including the risk of war, terrorism, nationalization,
limitations on the removal of funds or other assets, or diplomatic developments that affect investments in these
countries; (ii) the smaller size of the market for such securities and a lower volume of trading, resulting in a lack
of liquidity and in price volatility; (iii) certain national policies which may restrict the Company’s investment
opportunities, including restrictions on investing in issuers or industries deemed sensitive to relevant national
interests and requirements that government approval be obtained prior to investment by foreign persons;
(iv) certain national policies that may restrict the Company’s repatriation of investment income, capital or the
proceeds of sales of securities, including temporary restrictions on foreign capital remittances; (v) the lack of
uniform accounting and auditing standards and/or standards that may be significantly different from the
standards required in Canada; (vi) less publicly available financial and other information regarding issuers;
(vii) potential difficulties in enforcing contractual obligations; and (viii) higher rates of inflation, higher interest
rates and other economic concerns. The Company may invest to a substantial extent in emerging market
securities that are denominated in INR, subjecting the Company to a greater degree of foreign currency risk.
Also, investing in emerging market countries may entail purchases of securities of issuers that are insolvent,
bankrupt or otherwise of questionable ability to satisfy their payment obligations as they become due, subjecting
the Company to a greater amount of credit risk and/or high yield risk.
     As reflected in the above discussion, investments in emerging market securities involve a greater degree of
risk than, and special risks in addition to the risks associated with, investments in domestic securities or in
securities of foreign developed countries.

Corporate Disclosure, Governance and Regulatory Requirements
     In addition to their smaller size, reduced liquidity and greater volatility, Indian securities markets are less
developed than Canadian securities markets and may differ in fundamental ways. Disclosure and regulatory
standards are in many respects less stringent than Canadian standards. Issuers in India are subject to accounting,
auditing and financial standards and requirements that differ, in some cases significantly, from those applicable
to Canadian reporting issuers. In particular, the assets and profits appearing on the financial statements of an
Indian issuer may not reflect its financial position or results of operations in the way they would be reflected had
such financial statements been prepared in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles.
Accordingly, information available to the Company, including both general economic and commercial




                                                         -35-
information concerning specific enterprises or assets, may be less reliable and less detailed than information
available in Canada or the United States.
    There is less regulation and monitoring of Indian securities markets and the activities of investors, brokers
and other participants than in Canada. Moreover, issuers of securities in India are not subject to the same
degree of regulation as are Canadian reporting issuers with respect to such matters as insider trading rules,
tender offer regulation, shareholder proxy requirements and the timely disclosure of information. There is also
generally less publicly available information about Indian issuers than Canadian reporting issuers.

Legal and Regulatory Risks
     Legal, tax and regulatory changes in the Indian investment environment could have a material adverse
effect on the Company and the Indian Investments.
     Many of the laws that govern private and foreign investment, equity securities transactions and other
contractual relationships in India are untested. As a result, the Company may be subject to a number of risks,
including: inadequate investor protection; contradictory legislation; incomplete, unclear and changing laws;
ignorance or breaches of regulations on the part of other market participants; lack of established or effective
avenues for legal redress; lack of standard practices; confidentiality customs characteristic of developed markets;
and lack of enforcement of existing regulations. There can be no assurance that this difficulty in protecting and
enforcing rights will not have a material adverse effect on the Company and its operations. Existing regulatory
controls and corporate governance of businesses in India occasionally confer less protections for minority
shareholders. The concept of fiduciary duty to investors by officers and directors in some Indian companies is
also limited when compared to such concepts in western markets. In certain instances, the Company may take
significant actions without the consent of investors and anti-dilution protection may also be limited.
     Further, it is possible that there will be tax and regulatory changes in the Indian investment environment
that may have a material adverse impact on the Company and the Indian Investments.
     India recently enacted legislation that came into force on December 1, 2014 that had the effect of requiring
Fairbridge to be registered with SEBI as a ‘‘research analyst’’ in order to continue to act as a sub-advisor to the
Portfolio Advisor with respect to investments of the Company and its subsidiaries in securities which are listed or
to be listed on stock exchanges in India. Fairbridge will be required to apply for such registration by June 30,
2015. Fairbridge will apply for, and expects to receive, such registration in due course. There can be no
assurance, however, that the registration will be accepted. In the event that the registration is not accepted,
Fairbridge will no longer be permitted to act as sub-advisor to the Portfolio Advisor with respect to such
investments of the Company and its subsidiaries.

Volatility of the Indian Securities Markets
     Stock exchanges in India have, in the past, experienced substantial fluctuations in the prices of listed
securities. The stock exchanges in India have also experienced temporary exchange closures, broker defaults,
settlement delays and strikes by brokerage firm employees. In addition, the governing bodies of the stock
exchanges in India have, from time to time, imposed restrictions on trading in certain securities, limitations on
price movements and margin requirements. Furthermore, from time to time, disputes have occurred between
listed businesses and stock exchanges and other regulatory bodies, which in some cases may have had a negative
effect on market sentiment.

Political, Economic, Social and Other Factors
     The value of the Company’s assets may be adversely affected by political, economic, social and other
factors, changes in Indian law or regulations and the status of India’s relations with other countries. In addition,
the economy of India may differ favourably or unfavourably from the Canadian economy in such respects as the
rate of GDP growth, the rate of inflation, capital reinvestment, resource self-sufficiency and balance of payments
position. Agriculture occupies a prominent position in the Indian economy and the Indian economy therefore is
more susceptible to adverse changes in weather. The Indian government has exercised and continues to exercise
significant influence over many aspects of the economy, and the number of public sector enterprises in India is
substantial. Accordingly, Indian government actions in the future could have a significant effect on the Indian


                                                       -36-
economy, which could affect market conditions, and prices and yields of the Company’s investments. Further,
certain developments (such as the possibility of nationalization, expropriation or punitive taxation) could
adversely affect the value of the Indian Investments.
     Since mid-1991, the Indian government has committed itself to implementing an economic structural
reform program with the goal of liberalizing India’s exchange and trade policies, reducing the fiscal deficit,
controlling inflation, promoting a sound monetary policy, reforming the financial sector and relying more heavily
on market mechanisms to direct economic activity. A significant component of the program is the promotion of
foreign investment in key areas of the economy and the further development of, and the relaxation of
restrictions in, the private sector. These policies have been coupled with a plan to redirect the government’s
central planning function away from the allocation of resources and closer to the issuance of indicative
guidelines. While the government’s policies have resulted in improved economic performance, there can be no
assurance that the economic recovery will be sustained. Moreover, there can be no assurance that these
economic reforms will persist. Uncertainties with respect to potential changes in Indian economic policies, in
light of a new government, may cause significant volatility in the value of Indian businesses.
     The Indian population is comprised of diverse religious, linguistic and ethnic groups and religious and
border disputes continue to be a problem in India. In recent years, there have been incidents of communal
violence between Hindus and Muslims. Moreover, India has, from time to time, experienced civil unrest and
hostility with neighbouring countries such as Pakistan. If the Indian government is unable to control the violence
and disruption associated with these tensions, the results could have a negative effect on India’s economy and,
consequently, materially adversely affect the Company’s investments. Additionally, since early 2003, there have
been military hostilities and civil unrest in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and other Asian countries. These
events could adversely influence the Indian economy and, as a result, materially adversely affect the Company’s
investments.

Governance Issues Risk
    Recent instances of governance issues in India have the potential to discourage investors and derail the
growth prospects of the Indian economy. Governance issues create economic and regulatory uncertainty and
could have an adverse effect on the returns on investment.

Indian Tax Law
     There is a risk that upon application of Indian tax law, including the imposition of tax on income and gains
of the Company, certain holders of Subordinate Voting Shares may not receive a full foreign tax credit. Holders
of Subordinate Voting Shares who are unable to fully utilize foreign tax credits designated to them will indirectly
bear a portion of such Indian tax liabilities.
    Further, gains arising on transfer of shares of the Company could be taxable in India under the ITA if the
shares of the Company derive, directly or indirectly, their value substantially from assets located in India.
Additionally, any dividend payments by the Company could also be subject to withholding tax in India if the
shares of the Company derive, directly or indirectly, their value substantially from assets located in India.
However, this should be subject to benefits available, if any, under an applicable Avoidance of Double Taxation
and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion (‘‘DTAA’’).

Changes in Law
     The Republic of Mauritius legal framework under which MI Co and MI Sub will invest in India may
undergo changes in the future, which could impose additional costs or burdens on the Company’s operations.
Future changes to Mauritian or Indian law, or the Indo-Mauritius DTAA, or the interpretations given to them by
regulatory authorities, could impose additional costs or obligations on MI Co’s and MI Sub’s activities in
Mauritius or India. Significant adverse tax consequences could result if MI Co or MI Sub do not qualify for
benefits under the Indo-Mauritius DTAA. There can be no assurance that MI Co or MI Sub will continue to
qualify for or receive the benefits of the Indo-Mauritius DTAA or that the terms of the Indo-Mauritius DTAA
will not be modified. It is possible that provisions of the Indo-Mauritius DTAA will be overridden by Indian
legislation in a way that materially adversely affects the Company, MI Co and MI Sub. Further, there can be no



                                                       -37-
assurance that changes in the law or government policies of Mauritius that may limit or eliminate a
non-Mauritian investor’s ability to make investments into India via Mauritius will not occur.
    An amendment to the capital gains articles in the Indo-Mauritius DTAA may result in capital gains derived
from MI Co’s or MI Sub’s investments in India becoming subject to capital gains tax in India, which could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s business and financial conditions and results of operations.

GAAR
     Under the General Anti-Avoidance Rule (‘‘GAAR’’) which will come into force effective April 2017, the
Indian tax authorities have been given the power to re-characterize or disregard any arrangement which qualifies
as an ‘impermissible avoidance arrangement’ (‘‘IAA’’). IAA means an arrangement whose main purpose is to
obtain a ‘tax benefit’ (e.g., a reduction or avoidance of tax that would be payable under the ITA), and, among
other things, such arrangement ‘lacks’ or is ‘deemed to lack’ commercial substance in whole or in part. Further,
where GAAR is invoked, the taxpayer would not have the option of being governed by the relevant DTAA
provisions. GAAR would apply on income arising on or after April 2017. However, GAAR would not apply to:
(i) arrangements where tax benefits in a relevant tax year, in aggregate, to all the parties involved does not
exceed INR 30 million; (ii) any income or gains on transfer, accruing, arising or deemed to accrue or arise to any
person from investments made prior to March 31, 2017; (iii) FPIs who are assessed under the ITA and, who do
not avail itself of the benefits under the applicable DTAA and have invested in listed or unlisted securities in
accordance with the SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995 and/or any other applicable
regulations; and (iv) non-residents in relation to investments made by such non-resident by way of offshore
derivative instruments or otherwise, directly or indirectly, in a foreign institutional investor. If any arrangement
is determined by the Indian tax authorities to be an IAA, any benefits from a tax perspective available under the
ITA read with the DTAA with respect to such arrangement would be eliminated, which would have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s business and financial conditions and results of operations.

Exposure to Permanent Establishment, etc.
     While the Company believes that the activities of the Company and its subsidiaries do not and will not
create a permanent establishment for the Company in India, there may be a risk that the Indian tax authorities
nonetheless assert that these activities result in such a permanent establishment. If for any reason any of the
above activities are held to create such a permanent establishment, the profits of the Company and/or its
subsidiaries, as the case may be, to the extent attributable to the permanent establishment, could be subject to
tax in India.

Enforcement of Rights
     The Company’s assets may be held in accounts by custodians, or pledged to creditors of the Company as per
applicable law, in jurisdictions outside of Canada. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that judgments
obtained in Canadian courts will be enforceable in any of those jurisdictions. It is possible that events such as the
expropriation, confiscatory taxation or nationalization of foreign bank deposits or other assets may occur, which
may result in the Company being unable to enforce its legal rights or protect its investments.
      Legal principles relating to corporate affairs and the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary
duties and liabilities and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that may apply in other jurisdictions.
Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive as those that exist under the laws of Canada. The
Company may therefore have more difficulty asserting its rights as a shareholder of an Indian company in which
it invests than it would as a shareholder of a comparable Canadian company. Further, the (Indian) Companies
Act, 2013, which recently replaced in its entirety the (Indian) Companies Act, 1956, contains certain additional
compliance requirements coupled with interpretational challenges that could impact the Company’s rights as a
corporation. Provisions of Indian law relating to the enforcement of foreign judgments and arbitral awards
provide for broad exceptions. In addition, approval from the RBI is required to repatriate certain amounts
outside of India, such as indemnity payments by Indian companies or resident individuals.




                                                        -38-
Smaller Company Risk
      The Company may invest in less seasoned and smaller and mid-capitalization Indian businesses.
Investments in such businesses may present greater opportunities for growth, but also involve greater risks than
are customarily associated with investments in more established and larger capitalized businesses. It is more
difficult to obtain information about less seasoned and smaller capitalization businesses as they tend to be less
well-known and have shorter operating histories and because they tend not to have significant ownership by
large investors or be followed by many securities analysts. Investments in larger and more established businesses
present certain advantages in that such businesses generally have greater financial resources, more extensive
research and development, manufacturing, marketing and service capabilities, more stability and greater depth
of management and technical personnel.

Due Diligence and Conduct of Potential Investment Entities
     Before making investments, the Portfolio Advisor and the Company will typically conduct due diligence that
it deems reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each investment. Due
diligence may entail evaluation of important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting, environmental and
legal issues. Outside consultants, legal advisors, accountants, investment banks and other third parties may be
involved in the due diligence process to varying degrees depending on the type of investment. Such involvement
of third party advisers or consultants may present a number of risks primarily relating to the Company’s or the
Portfolio Advisor’s reduced control of the functions that are outsourced. In addition, if the Company or the
Portfolio Advisor are unable to timely engage third-party providers, their ability to evaluate and acquire more
complex targets could be adversely affected. When conducting due diligence and making an assessment
regarding an investment, the Company or the Portfolio Advisor will rely on the resources available to it,
including publicly available information, information provided by the target of the investment and, in some
circumstances, third-party investigations. The due diligence investigation that the Company or the Portfolio
Advisor carries out with respect to any investment opportunity may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts that
may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. Moreover, such an investigation will not
necessarily result in the investment being successful. There can be no assurance that attempts to provide
downside protection with respect to investments will achieve their desired effect and potential investors should
regard an investment in the Company as being speculative and having a high degree of risk.
     In addition, when assessing an investment opportunity for the Company, investment analyses and decisions
by the Company or the Portfolio Advisor may be undertaken on an expedited basis in order to take advantage of
what it perceives to be short-lived investment opportunities. In such cases, the available information at the time
of an investment may be limited, inaccurate or incomplete.
     There can be no assurance that the Company or the Portfolio Advisor will be able to detect or prevent
irregular accounting, employee misconduct or other fraudulent practices during the due diligence phase or
during its efforts to monitor the investment on an ongoing basis. In the event of fraud by any portfolio business
or any of its affiliates, the Company may suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in that business. An
additional concern is the possibility of material misrepresentation or omission on the part of the portfolio
business or the seller. Such inaccuracy or incompleteness may adversely affect the value of the Company’s
securities and/or instruments in such business. The Company and the Portfolio Advisor will rely upon the
accuracy and completeness of representations made by the portfolio business and/or their former owners in the
due diligence process to the extent reasonable when it makes its investments, but cannot guarantee such
accuracy or completeness. As a result, there can be no assurance that the due diligence investigations carried out
by the Portfolio Advisor or the Company will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or
helpful in evaluating investment opportunities. Any failure to identify relevant facts may result in inappropriate
investment decisions, which may have a material adverse effect on the value of any investment in the Company.
Under certain circumstances, payments to the Company may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is
later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance or a preferential payment.




                                                      -39-
Asian Economic Risk
    Certain Asian economies have experienced over-extension of credit, currency devaluations and restrictions,
high unemployment, high inflation, decreased exports and economic recessions. Economic events in any one
country can have a significant economic effect on the entire Asian region and any adverse events in the Asian
markets may have a significant adverse effect on Indian businesses and, in turn, the Company.

Reliance on Trading Partners Risk
     The Indian economy is dependent on commodity prices and the economies of Asia (mainly Japan and
China) and the United States as key trading partners. Reduction in spending on Indian products and services by
any of these trading partners or a slowdown or recession in any of these economies could materially adversely
affect the Indian economy and, in turn, the Company.

Natural Disaster Risks
    The occurrence of natural disasters, including hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires, explosions and
pandemic diseases, could adversely affect returns from Indian Investments and, in turn, the Company.

Government Debt Risk
    The government of India has experienced chronic structural public sector deficits. High amounts of debt
and public spending may stifle Indian economic growth, cause prolonged periods of recession, or lower India’s
sovereign debt rating.

Economic Risk
     The Indian economy has grown rapidly during the past several years and there is no assurance that this
growth rate will be maintained. India may experience substantial (and, in some cases, extremely high) rates of
inflation or economic recessions causing a negative effect on the Indian economy. India may also impose
restrictions on the exchange or export of currency, institute adverse currency exchange rates or experience a lack
of available currency hedging instruments. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the
Indian economy.

DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Company has not declared or paid any dividends since its incorporation and does not currently
anticipate paying any dividends in the near future. The Company currently intends to use its future earnings and
other cash resources for the operation and development of its business, but may declare and pay dividends in the
future as the Board may determine. Any future determination to pay dividends on the Multiple Voting Shares
and the Subordinate Voting Shares will be at the sole discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other
things, the Company’s earnings, investment opportunities in India, financial requirements for the Company’s
operations, the satisfaction of solvency tests imposed by applicable laws and regulations, corporate law
requirements and other factors that the Board may deem relevant.

DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL
     The following briefly summarizes the provisions of the Company’s articles of incorporation, including a
description of the Company’s share capital. The following description may not be complete and is subject to, and
qualified in its entirety by reference to, the terms and provisions of the Company’s articles of incorporation. As
at the date of this annual information form, there were 30,000,000 Multiple Voting Shares,
76,678,879 Subordinate Voting Shares and no preference shares issued and outstanding.

Authorized Share Capital
    The Company’s authorized share capital consists of (i) an unlimited number of Multiple Voting Shares that
may only be issued to Fairfax or its affiliates, (ii) an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares and (iii) an
unlimited number of preference shares, issuable in series. Except as provided in any special rights or restrictions



                                                       -40-
attaching to any series of preference shares issued from time to time, the preference shares are not entitled to
vote at any meeting of the Shareholders of the Company.

Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares
Dividend Rights
     Holders of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares are entitled to receive dividends out of
the assets of the Company legally available for the payment of dividends at such times and in such amount and
form as the Board may from time to time determine and the Company will pay dividends thereon on a pari passu
basis, if, as and when declared by the Board. The Company has not declared or paid any dividends since its
incorporation and does not currently anticipate paying any dividends in the near future.

Voting Rights
    The Multiple Voting Shares are entitled to fifty (50) votes per Multiple Voting Share, and the Subordinate
Voting Shares are entitled to one (1) vote per Subordinate Voting Share. The outstanding Subordinate Voting
Shares currently represent 4.86% of the total votes attached to all classes of the Company’s outstanding shares.
    The following matters require the approval by 662⁄3% of the votes attached to the Multiple Voting Shares
and the Subordinate Voting Shares, each voting separately as a class, at a duly convened meeting of holders of
Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares:
    1.   An amendment to the Company’s articles of incorporation or by-laws to:
          (i) increase or decrease any maximum number of authorized shares of the Multiple Voting Shares or
              the Subordinate Voting Shares, or increase any maximum number of authorized shares of a class
              having rights or privileges equal or superior to the Multiple Voting Shares or the Subordinate
              Voting Shares, except for the issuance of preference shares;
         (ii) effect an exchange, reclassification or cancellation of all or part of the Multiple Voting Shares or
              Subordinate Voting Shares;
         (iii) add, change or remove the rights, privileges, restrictions or conditions attached to the Multiple
               Voting Shares or Subordinate Voting Shares, including:
                (a) remove or change prejudicially rights to accrued dividends or rights to cumulative dividends,
                (b) add, remove or prejudicially change redemption rights,
                (c) reduce or remove a dividend preference or a liquidation preference, or
                (d) add, remove or change prejudicially conversion privileges, options, voting, transfer or
                    pre-emptive rights, or rights to acquire securities of a corporation, or sinking fund provisions;
         (iv) increase the rights or privileges of any class of shares having rights or privileges equal or superior
              to the Multiple Voting Shares or the Subordinate Voting Shares;
         (v) create a new class of shares equal or superior to the Multiple Voting Shares or Subordinate Voting
             Shares, except for the issuance of preference shares;
         (vi) make any class of shares having rights or privileges inferior to the Multiple Voting Shares or
              Subordinate Voting Shares equal or superior to the shares of either the Multiple Voting Shares or
              Subordinate Voting Shares;
         (vii) effect an exchange or create a right of exchange of all or part of the shares of another class into
               the shares of a class; or
         (viii)constrain the issue, transfer or ownership of the shares of a class or change or remove such
               constraint;
    2.   Any change to the Company’s investment objective or investment restrictions;
    3.   A transfer by Fairfax or the Portfolio Advisor of the Investment Advisory Agreement to a non-affiliate
         of Fairfax; or



                                                         -41-
    4.   A change to the basis of the calculation of a fee that is charged to the Company by the Portfolio
         Advisor or Fairfax in a way that could result in an increase in charges to the Company.
     The Company has included in its by-laws express provisions setting forth: (i) its investment objective
(including the Investment Concentration Restriction and Minimum Investment Requirement); (ii) the
requirement for one or more custodians to hold its assets, where each such custodian must be an entity that
would be qualified to act as a custodian or sub-custodian for assets held in Canada or a custodian or
sub-custodian for assets held outside Canada, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with Part 6 of
NI 81-102; and (iii) the requirement for the Company to utilize at least one portfolio manager that is registered
as a portfolio manager in a province or territory of Canada (collectively the ‘‘Mandatory By-Law Provisions’’).
Any amendments to the Mandatory By-Law Provisions will require the approval of both the holders of the
Multiple Voting Shares and the Subordinate Voting Shares, each voting separately as a class. Each such approval
shall be evidenced by an ‘‘ordinary resolution’’, as such term is defined under the CBCA, except for amendments
to the Company’s investment objective which approval shall be evidenced by a ‘‘special resolution’’, as such term
is defined under the CBCA.
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Multiple Voting Share will convert, without any further action on the part
of the Company or the holder of such shares, automatically into a Subordinate Voting Share on a one-for-one
basis in the event that: (i) such Multiple Voting Share is transferred to, or held by, a non-affiliate of Fairfax
(including by virtue of a change of control of the applicable Fairfax entity that holds such Multiple Voting Share
where Fairfax no longer beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, a majority of the votes attached to such entity’s
shares entitled to vote for the election of such entity’s board of directors, but excluding any assignment or other
transfer for purposes of providing security; (ii) such Multiple Voting Share is subject an Equity Monetization
Arrangement; (iii) if Fairfax or its affiliates sell any Multiple Voting Shares and, as a result of such sale, Fairfax
and its affiliates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, Multiple Voting Shares having an aggregate market value
of less than US$150 million such market value to be determined by utilizing the 20-day volume weighted average
trading price of the Subordinate Voting Shares on any stock exchange on which the Subordinate Voting Shares
then trade as of the trading day prior to the sale by Fairfax or its affiliates (where the market value of a
Subordinate Voting Share shall be deemed to be equal to the market value of a Multiple Voting Share for the
purposes of such market value calculation); (iv) the Portfolio Advisor ceases to act as a portfolio advisor to the
Company, MI Co or MI Sub for any reason and the obligation to act as a portfolio advisor is not assumed by an
affiliate of Fairfax that is duly registered as an advisor in the category of portfolio manager in a province or
territory of Canada in accordance with the Company’s by-laws; unless (a) the Portfolio Advisor ceases to so act
as a result of employees of the Company, MI Co or MI Sub, as applicable, assuming the obligation to provide
such portfolio advisory services, subject to compliance with applicable law or (b) the holders of the Subordinate
Voting Shares, by special resolution, determine that the Multiple Voting Shares should not convert to
Subordinate Voting Shares as a result thereof; (v) the assignment by the Portfolio Advisor or Fairfax of the
Investment Advisory Agreement to a non-affiliate of Fairfax; or (vi) a change of control occurs in respect of the
Portfolio Advisor such that Fairfax no longer beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, a majority of the votes
attached to the Portfolio Advisor’s shares entitled to vote for the election of the Portfolio Advisor’s board of
directors or (B) Fairfax approves any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Portfolio Advisor
unless the Investment Advisory Agreement has been transferred by the Portfolio Advisor to an affiliate of
Fairfax or the obligation to provide portfolio advisory services performed by the Portfolio Advisor have been
assumed by employees of the Company, MI Co or MI Sub, as applicable, subject to compliance with
applicable law.
    Holders of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares are entitled to receive notice of any
meeting of Shareholders and may attend and vote at such meetings, except those meetings where only the
holders of shares of another class or of a particular series are entitled to vote. A quorum for the transaction of
business at a meeting of shareholders shall be two persons present and each entitled to vote at the meeting who,
together, hold or represent by proxy not less than 15% of the votes attaching to the outstanding voting shares of
the Company entitled to vote at the meeting.




                                                        -42-
Preemptive, Subscription, Redemption and Conversion Rights
     Other than as described under ‘‘Principal Shareholder’’, holders of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate
Voting Shares will have no pre-emptive or subscription rights. Holders of Subordinate Voting Shares will have no
redemption or conversion rights. Multiple Voting Shares, however, are convertible at any time at the option of
the holder into fully-paid, non-assessable Subordinate Voting Shares on a one-for-one basis. In accordance with
the Company’s articles of incorporation, Multiple Voting Shares may only be issued to Fairfax or its affiliates.

Liquidation Rights
     Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the
holders of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares, without preference or distinction, are entitled
to receive rateably all of the Company’s assets remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities, subject
to the prior rights of the holders of any other prior ranking shares that may be outstanding at such time.

Modifications
     Modifications to the provisions attaching to the Multiple Voting Shares as a class, or to the Subordinate
Voting Shares as a class, require the separate affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast at a meeting
of the holders of the shares of each such class (or by written resolution of holders of at least two-thirds of the
votes attached to the Multiple Voting Shares and the Subordinate Voting Shares, separately as a class).
    No subdivision or consolidation of the Multiple Voting Shares or Subordinate Voting Shares may occur
unless the shares of both classes are concurrently subdivided or consolidated and in the same manner
and proportion.
    Other than as described in this annual information form, no new rights to acquire additional shares or other
securities or property of the Company will be issued to holders of Multiple Voting Shares or Subordinate Voting
Shares unless the same rights are concurrently issued to the holders of shares of both classes.

Nomination of Directors
     The Company has included certain advance notice provisions in its by-laws (the ‘‘Advance Notice
Provisions’’). The Advance Notice Provisions are intended to: (i) facilitate orderly and efficient annual general
or, where the need arises, special meetings; (ii) ensure that all shareholders receive adequate notice of Board
nominations and sufficient information with respect to all nominees; and (iii) allow shareholders to register an
informed vote. Once in effect, only persons who are nominated by shareholders in accordance with the Advance
Notice Provisions will be eligible for election as Directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may
be made for any annual meeting of shareholders, or for any special meeting of shareholders if one of the
purposes for which the special meeting was called was the election of Directors: (a) by or at the direction of the
Directors, including pursuant to a notice of meeting; (b) by or at the direction or request of one or more
shareholders pursuant to a requisition of the shareholders made in accordance with applicable law; or (c) by any
person (a ‘‘Nominating Shareholder’’): (A) who, at the close of business on the date of the giving of the notice
provided for below and on the record date for notice of such meeting, is entered in the Company’s register as a
holder of one or more shares carrying the right to vote at such meeting or who beneficially owns shares that are
entitled to be voted at such meeting; and (B) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in the Advance
Notice Provisions.
     In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a Nominating
Shareholder, the Nominating Shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the
Directors. To be timely, a Nominating Shareholder’s notice to the Directors must be made: (a) in the case of an
annual meeting of Shareholders, not less than 30 nor more than 65 days prior to the date of the annual meeting
of Shareholders; provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting of Shareholders is to be held on a
date that is less than 50 days after the date (the ‘‘Notice Date’’) that is the earlier of the date that a notice of
meeting is filed for such meeting or the date on which the first public announcement of the date of the annual
meeting was made, notice by the Nominating Shareholder may be made not later than the close of business on
the tenth day following the Notice Date; and (b) in the case of a special meeting (which is not also an annual
meeting) of shareholders called for the purpose of electing Directors (whether or not called for other purposes),


                                                        -43-
not later than the close of business on the 15th day following the day that is the earlier of the date that a notice of
meeting is filed for such meeting or the date on which the first public announcement of the date of the special
meeting of shareholders was made. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of a meeting of
shareholders, or an announcement thereof, re-start the initially required time periods for the giving of a
Nominating Shareholder’s notice as described above. For greater certainty, this means that a Nominating
Shareholder who failed to deliver a timely Nominating Shareholder’s notice in proper written form to the
Directors for purposes of the originally scheduled shareholders’ meeting shall not be entitled to provide a
Nominating Shareholder’s notice for purposes of any adjourned or postponed meeting of shareholders related
thereto as the determination as to whether a Nominating Shareholder’s notice is timely is to be determined
based off of the original shareholders’ meeting date and not any adjourned or postponed shareholders’
meeting date.
     To be in proper written form, a Nominating Shareholder’s notice to the Directors must set forth: (a) as to
each person whom the Nominating Shareholder proposes to nominate for election as a Director: (A) the name,
age, business address and residential address of the person; (B) the principal occupation or employment of the
person; (C) the class or series and number of shares which are controlled or which are owned beneficially or of
record by the person as of the record date for the meeting of shareholders (if such date shall then have been
made publicly available and shall have occurred) and as of the date of such notice; and (D) any other
information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a dissident’s proxy circular in
connection with solicitations of proxies for election of Directors pursuant to applicable securities laws; and (b) as
to the Nominating Shareholder giving the notice, any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or
relationship pursuant to which such Nominating Shareholder has a right to vote any shares and any other
information relating to such Nominating Shareholder that would be required to be made in a dissident’s proxy
circular in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of Directors pursuant to applicable securities laws.
The Company may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be
required by the Company to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an Independent
Director or that could be material to a reasonable shareholder’s understanding of the independence, or lack
thereof, of such proposed nominee.
     The chairperson of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination was
made in accordance with the procedures set forth in the foregoing provisions and, if any proposed nomination is
not in compliance with such foregoing provisions, the discretion to declare that such defective nomination shall
be disregarded.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Directors may, in their sole discretion, waive any requirement in the
Advance Notice Provisions.

Preference Shares
     The preference shares may at any time and from time to time be issued in one or more series, each series to
consist of such number of preference shares as may, before the issue thereof, be determined by resolution of the
Board. Subject to the provisions of the CBCA, the Board may, by resolution, fix from time to time before the
issue thereof the designation, rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching to the preference shares of
each series including, without limitation, any right to receive dividends (which may be cumulative or
non-cumulative and variable or fixed) or the means of determining such dividends, the dates of payment thereof,
any terms or conditions of redemption or purchase, any conversion rights, any retraction rights and any rights on
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, any sinking fund or other provisions, the whole to be
subject to the issue of a certificate of amendment setting forth the designation, rights, privileges, restrictions and
conditions attaching to the preference shares of the series. Except as required by law, the preference shares will
not be entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote any meeting of the Shareholders of the Company.
     Generally, preference shares of each series, if and when issued, will, with respect to the payment of
dividends, rank on a parity with the preference shares of every other series and be entitled to preference over
the Multiple Voting Shares, the Subordinate Voting Shares or any other shares of the Company ranking junior to
the preference shares with respect to payment of dividends. If any amount of cumulative dividends (whether or
not declared) or any amount payable on any such distribution of assets constituting a return of capital in respect



                                                         -44-
of the preference shares of any series is not paid in full, the preference shares of such series shall participate
rateably with the preference shares of every other series in respect of all such dividends and amounts.
     In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the
holders of preference shares will generally be entitled to preference with respect to distribution of the property
or assets of the Company over the Multiple Voting Shares, the Subordinate Voting Shares or any other shares of
the Company ranking junior to the preference shares with respect to the repayment of paid-up capital remaining
after payment of all outstanding debts on a pro rata basis, and the payment of any or all declared but unpaid
cumulative dividends, or any or all declared but unpaid non-cumulative dividends, on the preference shares. The
Company currently anticipates that there will be no pre-emptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights
attaching to any series of preference shares issued from time to time.

PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDER
     On January 30, 2015, the Company issued to Fairfax, either directly or to one or more of Fairfax’s
subsidiaries, 30,000,000 Multiple Voting Shares, on a private placement basis, for an aggregate purchase price of
US$300 million. Fairfax also purchased, through certain of its affiliates, including an investment by the Fairfax
Pension Plan, 660,100 Subordinate Voting Shares as part of the Offering or subsequent thereto. After the closing
of the over-allotment option, the Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares issued to Fairfax or its
subsidiaries collectively represent approximately 95.2% of the voting rights of the Company and 28.3% of the
equity interest in the Company.
    Other than Fairfax and its subsidiaries, no person or company owns or will own, directly or indirectly, any
Multiple Voting Shares on Closing.
    Fairfax has provided an undertaking to the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authorities wherein it
agreed to retain, either directly or through one or more of its subsidiaries, a substantial equity investment in the
Company in accordance with the following principles (the ‘‘Retained Interest Requirement’’):
    (a) prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing, Fairfax and its subsidiaries will not sell any portion of the
        Substantial Equity Investment if, as a result of such sale, the aggregate equity investment of Fairfax and
        its subsidiaries in Multiple Voting Shares of the Company would have a market value of less than
        US$300,000,000. This means, however, that if the market value of the Substantial Equity Investment
        increases to an amount greater than US$300,000,000 following the Closing, Fairfax and its subsidiaries
        will be permitted to sell any part of their aggregate equity investment in Multiple Voting Shares of the
        Company so long as, immediately following such sale, they continue to hold an aggregate equity
        interest in Multiple Voting Shares of the Company with a market value of at least US$300,000,000;
    (b) on or after the fifth anniversary of the Closing, but prior to the tenth anniversary of the Closing, Fairfax
        and its subsidiaries will be permitted to sell any part of their aggregate equity investment in Multiple
        Voting Shares of the Company so long as, immediately following such sale, they continue to hold an
        aggregate equity interest in Multiple Voting Shares of the Company having a market value of at least
        US$150,000,000;
    (c) on or after the tenth anniversary of the Closing, Fairfax and its subsidiaries will be permitted to sell,
        subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and stock exchange requirements, any part of
        their aggregate equity investment in Multiple Voting Shares of the Company; and
    (d) prior to the tenth anniversary of the Closing, if Fairfax or its subsidiaries desire to sell any part of their
        aggregate investment in Multiple Voting Shares of the Company in a transaction that would not satisfy
        conditions (a) or (b) above, Fairfax and its subsidiaries will only be able to complete such a sale if the
        acquiror agrees, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws and stock exchange
        requirements, to acquire a pro rata share of the equity investment of all other investors in
        the Company.
     Fairfax also agreed on Closing that it and its affiliates will not sell or transfer any Multiple Voting Shares
that are part of the Substantial Equity Investment until at least 80% of the Net Proceeds of the Offerings have
been invested in Indian Investments. Any sale or transfer by Fairfax or any of its affiliates of Multiple Voting




                                                        -45-
Shares to a non-affiliate of Fairfax will result in such Multiple Voting Shares being automatically converted into
Subordinate Voting Shares. See ‘‘Description of Share Capital’’.

Coattail Agreement
     Under applicable Canadian law, an offer to purchase Multiple Voting Shares would not necessarily require
that an offer be made to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares. In accordance with the rules of the TSX designed
to ensure that, in the event of a take-over bid, the holders of Subordinate Voting Shares will be entitled to
participate on an equal footing with holders of Multiple Voting Shares, Fairfax, as the owner of all the
outstanding Multiple Voting Shares, entered into a customary coattail agreement with the Company and a
trustee (the ‘‘Coattail Agreement’’) on the Closing Date. The Coattail Agreement contains provisions customary
for dual class, TSX-listed corporations designed to prevent transactions that otherwise would deprive the
holders of Subordinate Voting Shares of rights under applicable provincial take-over bid legislation to which
they would have been entitled if the Multiple Voting Shares had been Subordinate Voting Shares.
    The undertakings in the Coattail Agreement do not apply to prevent a sale by Fairfax or its affiliates of
Multiple Voting Shares if concurrently an offer is made to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares that:
    (a) offers a price per Subordinate Voting Share at least as high as the highest price per share paid pursuant
        to the take-over bid for the Multiple Voting Shares;
    (b) provides that the percentage of outstanding Subordinate Voting Shares to be taken up (exclusive of
        shares owned immediately prior to the offer by the offeror or persons acting jointly or in concert with
        the offeror) is at least as high as the percentage of Multiple Voting Shares to be sold (exclusive of
        Multiple Voting Shares owned immediately prior to the offer by the offeror and persons acting jointly
        or in concert with the offeror);
    (c) has no condition attached other than the right not to take up and pay for Subordinate Voting Shares
        tendered if no shares are purchased pursuant to the offer for Multiple Voting Shares; and
    (d) is in all other material respects identical to the offer for Multiple Voting Shares.
     In addition, the Coattail Agreement does not prevent the transfer of Multiple Voting Shares by Fairfax or
its affiliates to other affiliates of Fairfax, provided such transfer is not or would not have been subject to the
requirements to make a take-over bid (if the vendor or transferee were in Canada) or constitutes or would
constitute an exempt take-over bid (as defined in applicable securities legislation). The conversion of Multiple
Voting Shares into Subordinate Voting Shares, whether or not such Subordinate Voting Shares are subsequently
sold, would not constitute a disposition of Multiple Voting Shares for the purposes of the Coattail Agreement.
     The Coattail Agreement contains provisions for authorizing action by the trustee to enforce the rights
under the Coattail Agreement on behalf of the holders of the Subordinate Voting Shares. The obligation of the
trustee to take such action is conditional on the Company or holders of the Subordinate Voting Shares providing
such funds and indemnity as the trustee may reasonably require. No holder of Subordinate Voting Shares has the
right, other than through the trustee, to institute any action or proceeding or to exercise any other remedy to
enforce any rights arising under the Coattail Agreement unless the trustee fails to act on a request authorized by
holders of not less than 10% of the outstanding Subordinate Voting Shares and reasonable funds and indemnity
have been provided to the trustee.
     Other than in respect of non-material amendments and waivers that do not adversely affect the interests of
holders of Subordinate Voting Shares, the Coattail Agreement will provide that it may not be amended, and no
provision thereof may be waived, unless, prior to giving effect to such amendment or waiver, the following have
been obtained: (a) the consent of the TSX and any other applicable securities regulatory authority in Canada;
and (b) the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by holders of Subordinate Voting Shares represented
at a meeting duly called for the purpose of considering such amendment or waiver, excluding votes attached to
Subordinate Voting Shares held by Fairfax or its affiliates and any persons who have an agreement to purchase
Multiple Voting Shares on terms which would constitute a sale or disposition for purposes of the Coattail
Agreement, other than as permitted thereby.
    No provision of the Coattail Agreement will limit the rights of any holders of Subordinate Voting Shares
under applicable law.


                                                      -46-
Pre-Emptive Rights
      In the event that the Company decides to issue additional Subordinate Voting Shares following the Closing
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Subordinate Voting Shares or an option or other right to
acquire any such securities other than to an affiliate thereof (‘‘Issued Securities’’), the securityholders’ rights
agreement between the Company and Fairfax (the ‘‘Securityholders’ Rights Agreement’’) provides Fairfax
(and any of its subsidiaries who, from time to time, hold an equity interest in the Company), for so long as
Fairfax (together with its subsidiaries) owns, in the aggregate, at least a 10% equity interest in the Company
calculated based on the equity capital of the Company as of the Closing, with pre-emptive rights to purchase
Issued Securities, to maintain Fairfax’s direct and indirect effective pro rata ownership interest. The pre-emptive
right will not apply to the issuance of Issued Securities in certain circumstances, including: (i) in respect of the
exercise of options, warrants, rights or other securities issued under the Company’s security-based compensation
arrangements, if any; (ii) in connection with a subdivision of then-outstanding Subordinate Voting Shares into a
greater number of Subordinate Voting Shares; (iii) the issuance of equity securities of the Company in lieu of
cash dividends, if any; (iv) the exercise by a holder of a conversion, exchange or other similar privilege pursuant
to the terms of a security in respect of which Fairfax or its subsidiaries did not exercise, failed to exercise, or
waived its pre-emptive right or in respect of which the pre-emptive right did not apply; (v) pursuant to a
shareholders’ rights plan of the Company, if any; (vi) to the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or an
affiliate of any of them; and (vii) any issuance of Subordinate Voting Shares pursuant an over-allotment option
granted to the agents or underwriters, as applicable, in connection with an offering of Subordinate
Voting Shares.

Registration Rights
     The Securityholders’ Rights Agreement provides Fairfax with the right (the ‘‘Piggy-Back Registration
Right’’) to require the Company to include Multiple Voting Shares or Subordinate Voting Shares held by it
and/or any of its subsidiaries in any future offerings undertaken by the Company by way of prospectus that it
may file with applicable Canadian securities regulatory authorities (a ‘‘Piggy-Back Distribution’’). In such a case,
any Multiple Voting Shares to be part of such an offering would first be exchanged by the Company for
Subordinate Voting Shares on a one-for-one basis in accordance with their terms. The Company is required to
use reasonable commercial efforts to cause to be included in the Piggy-Back Distribution all of the Subordinate
Voting Shares (including Subordinate Voting Shares that were formerly Multiple Voting Shares) that Fairfax
requests to be sold, provided that if the Piggy-Back Distribution involves an underwriting and the lead
underwriter reasonably determines that the aggregate number of Subordinate Voting Shares (including
Subordinate Voting Shares that were formerly Multiple Voting Shares) to be included in such Piggy-Back
Distribution should be limited for certain prescribed reasons, the Subordinate Voting Shares to be included in
the Piggy-Back Distribution will be first allocated to the Company.
     In addition, the Securityholders’ Rights Agreement provides Fairfax with the right (the ‘‘Demand
Registration Right’’) to require the Company to use reasonable commercial efforts to file one or more
prospectuses with applicable Canadian securities regulatory authorities, qualifying Multiple Voting Shares or
Subordinate Voting Shares held by Fairfax or its subsidiaries (a ‘‘Demand Distribution’’). In such a case, any
Multiple Voting Shares to be part of such an offering would first be exchanged by the Company for Subordinate
Voting Shares on a one-for-one basis in accordance with their terms. Fairfax is entitled to request not more than
2 Demand Distributions per calendar year, and each Demand Distribution must be comprised of such number of
Subordinate Voting Shares (including Subordinate Voting Shares that were formerly Multiple Voting Shares)
that would reasonably be expected to result in gross proceeds of at least US$20 million. The Company may also
distribute Subordinate Voting Shares in connection with a Demand Distribution provided that if the Demand
Distribution involves an underwriting and the lead underwriter reasonably determines that the aggregate
number of Subordinate Voting Shares to be included in such Demand Distribution should be limited for certain
prescribed reasons, the Subordinate Voting Shares (including Subordinate Voting Shares that were formerly
Multiple Voting Shares) to be included in the Demand Distribution will be first allocated to Fairfax and its
subsidiaries.
    Each of the Piggy-Back Registration Right and the Demand Registration Right are exercisable at any time
from 18 months following Closing, subject to Fairfax’s Retained Interest Requirement, provided that Fairfax



                                                       -47-
directly or indirectly owns at least a 5% equity interest in the Company calculated based on the equity capital of
the Company as of the Closing. The Piggy-Back Registration Right and the Demand Registration Right is
subject to various conditions and limitations, and the Company is entitled to defer any Demand Distribution in
certain circumstances for a period not exceeding 90 days. The expenses in respect of a Piggy-Back Distribution,
subject to certain exceptions, will be borne by the Company, except that any underwriting fee on the sale of any
Subordinate Voting Shares (including Subordinate Voting Shares that were formerly Multiple Voting Shares) by
Fairfax or its subsidiaries, and the fees of Fairfax’s external legal counsel, will be borne by Fairfax. The expenses
in respect of a Demand Distribution, subject to certain exceptions, will be borne by the Company and Fairfax on
a proportionate basis according to the number of Subordinate Voting Shares distributed by each. Pursuant to the
Securityholders’ Rights Agreement, the Company will indemnify Fairfax for any misrepresentation in a
prospectus under which Fairfax’s Subordinate Voting Shares (including Subordinate Voting Shares that were
formerly Multiple Voting Shares) are distributed (other than in respect of any information provided by Fairfax,
in respect of Fairfax, for inclusion in the prospectus) and Fairfax will indemnify the Company for any
misrepresentation in any information provided by Fairfax, in respect of Fairfax, for inclusion in the prospectus.

Fairfax Trademark Licence Agreement
     Fairfax has registered the name ‘‘Fairfax’’ as a trademark in several jurisdictions, including Canada, the
United States and India. The Company entered into a trademark licence agreement with Fairfax which provides
the Company with a non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use the ‘‘Fairfax’’ trademark in connection with its
business. The licence granted to the Company is revocable at any time at the option of Fairfax upon 60 days’
prior written notice to the Company.

MARKET FOR SECURITIES
Trading Price and Volume
    The Subordinate Voting Shares were listed for trading on the TSX under the symbol ‘‘FIH.U’’ on
January 30, 2015. The Subordinate Voting Shares trade in U.S. dollars.

Prior Sales
     On November 25, 2014, the Company issued one Multiple Voting Share to Fairfax for a price of US$10.00
in connection with the incorporation of the Company. Immediately following Closing, the Multiple Voting Share
issued to Fairfax on incorporation was donated to the Company and cancelled.
     On January 30, 2015, the Company issued to Fairfax or its affiliates, 30,000,000 Multiple Voting Shares, on a
private placement basis, for an aggregate purchase price of US$300 million.




                                                        -48-
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY
Directors and Executive Officers
     The Board consists of seven Directors, the majority of whom are Independent Directors under Canadian
securities laws. The Directors will be elected by shareholders at each annual meeting of the Company’s
shareholders, and all Directors will hold office for a term expiring at the close of the next annual meeting or
until their respective successors are elected or appointed and will be eligible for re-election or re-appointment.
The nominees for election by shareholders as Directors will be determined by the Governance, Compensation
and Nominating Committee in accordance with the provisions of applicable corporate law and the charter of the
Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee.
    The following table sets forth information regarding the Directors and executive officers of the Company.
Each Director and executive officer was appointed on November 25, 2014.

                                                                                                                      Ownership or
                                                                                                                        control over
                                                                                                                     voting securities
                                                                                                                       (Subordinate
Name, Province or State and                                                                                           Voting Shares)
Country of Residence                       Position/Title        Independent         Principal Occupation           of the Company(6)
                (1)
V. Prem Watsa . . . . . . . . . .      Director and Chairman         No        Chairman and Chief Executive              320,000
Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                                       Officer of Fairfax; Vice President
                                                                               of the Portfolio Advisor
Anthony F. Griffiths(2)(3) . . . . .       Lead Director            Yes        Independent Business Consultant             50,000
Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                                       and Corporate Director
Alan D. Horn(2)(3) . . . . . . . . .         Director               Yes        President and Chief Executive               15,000
Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                                       Officer of Rogers
                                                                               Telecommunications Limited and
                                                                               Chairman of Rogers
                                                                               Communications Inc.
Christopher D. Hodgson(2)(3) . .             Director               Yes        President, Ontario Mining                    1,000
Markham, Ontario, Canada                                                       Association
Deepak Parekh . . . . . . . . . . .          Director               Yes        Chairman of Housing                         48,356
Mumbai, India                                                                  Development Finance
                                                                               Corporation Limited
Harsha Raghavan(4) . . . . . . . .           Director                No        Managing Director and Chief                 78,356
Mumbai, India                                                                  Executive Officer of Fairbridge
Chandran Ratnaswami(5) . . . . .        Director and Chief           No        Chief Executive Officer of the                  —
Toronto, Ontario, Canada                Executive Officer                      Company and Managing Director
                                                                               of the Portfolio Advisor
John Varnell . . . . . . . . . . . . . Chief Financial Officer      N/A        Vice President, Corporate                       —
Caledon, Ontario, Canada               and Corporate Secretary                 Development of Fairfax and Chief
                                                                               Financial Officer and Corporate
                                                                               Secretary of the Company

Notes:
(1)   Mr. Watsa is considered a non-Independent Director as he is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Fairfax, the Company’s
      promoter, and the Vice President of the Portfolio Advisor.
(2)   Member of the Audit Committee.
(3)   Member of the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee.
(4)   Mr. Raghavan is considered a non-Independent Director as he is the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Fairbridge, a
      sub-advisor of the Company.
(5)   Mr. Ratnaswami is considered a non-Independent Director as he is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a Managing
      Director of the Portfolio Advisor.
(6)   As of March 6, 2015.




                                                                  -49-
     As of March 6, 2015, to the Company’s knowledge, the Directors and executive officers of the Company
beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, or exercised control or direction over, approximately
512,712 Subordinate Voting Shares (0.66%). None of the Directors or executive officers of the Company
beneficially own, or control or direct, directly or indirectly, any Multiple Voting Shares.
      The mandate of the Board, substantially in the form set out under Appendix A to this annual information
form, is to provide governance and stewardship to the Company and its business. In fulfilling its mandate, the
Board will adopt a written charter setting out its responsibility for, among other things, (i) participating in the
development of and approving a strategic plan for the Company; (ii) supervising the activities and managing the
investments and affairs of the Company; (iii) approving major decisions regarding the Company; (iv) defining
the roles and responsibilities of management and delegating management authority to the Chief Executive
Officer; (v) reviewing and approving the business and investment objective to be met by management;
(vi) assessing the performance of and overseeing management; (vii) reviewing the Company’s debt strategy;
(viii) identifying and managing risk exposure; (ix) ensuring the integrity and adequacy of the Company’s internal
controls and management information systems; (x) succession planning; (xi) establishing committees of the
Board, where required or prudent, and defining their mandate; (xii) maintaining records and providing reports
to shareholders; (xiii) ensuring effective and adequate communication with shareholders, other stakeholders and
the public; (xiv) determining the amount and timing of dividends, if any, to shareholders; and (xv) monitoring
the social responsibility, integrity and ethics of the Company.
     The Board will adopt a written position description for the Chair of the Board, which will set out the Chair’s
key responsibilities, including, as applicable, duties relating to setting Board meeting agendas, chairing Board
and shareholder meetings, Director development and communicating with shareholders and regulators. The
Board will also adopt a written position description for each of the committee chairs which will set out each of
the committee chair’s key responsibilities, including duties relating to setting committee meeting agendas,
chairing committee meetings and working with the respective committee and management to ensure, to the
greatest extent possible, the effective functioning of the committee.
     The Board will also adopt written position descriptions for the Chief Executive Officer which will set out
the key responsibilities of the Chief Executive Officer. The primary functions of the Chief Executive Officer will
be to lead management of the business and affairs of the Company, to lead the implementation of the
resolutions and the policies of the Board, to supervise day to day management and to communicate with
shareholders and regulators. The Board will also develop a mandate for the Chief Executive Officer setting out
key responsibilities, including duties relating to the Company’s strategic planning and operational direction,
Board interaction, succession planning and communication with shareholders. The Chief Executive Officer
mandate will be considered by the Board for approval annually.
     The Company maintains a treasury function at its corporate office under the supervision of its Chief
Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary. This group has oversight over all of the Company’s domestic and
foreign bank accounts and, in conjunction with the Company’s local management teams and the Company’s
legal counsel, ensures that the officers and Directors of the Company are familiar with any currency controls or
banking issues related to the Company’s foreign operations. The Company’s subsidiaries in the Republic of
Mauritius, the Portfolio Advisor and Fairbridge are, collectively, well-versed in the differences in the banking
systems and controls, as well as business cultures and practices, between Canada and India. Their experience,
advice and existing banking relationships, together with the advice of the Company’s legal counsel, will assist the
Company in conducting its banking transactions with reputable Indian financial institutions in accordance with
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting obligations.
     The Company will also adopt a written code of conduct (the ‘‘Code of Conduct’’) that will apply to all
Directors, officers, and management of the Company and its subsidiaries. The objective of the Code of Conduct
will be to provide guidelines for maintaining the integrity, reputation, honesty, objectivity and impartiality of the
Company and its subsidiaries. The Code of Conduct will address conflicts of interest, protection of the
Company’s assets, confidentiality, fair dealing with securityholders, competitors and employees, insider trading,
compliance with laws and reporting any illegal or unethical behaviour. As part of the Code of Conduct, any
person subject to the Code of Conduct will be required to avoid or fully disclose interests or relationships that
are harmful or detrimental to the Company’s best interests or that may give rise to real, potential or the



                                                        -50-
appearance of conflicts of interest. The Board will have the ultimate responsibility for the stewardship of the
Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct will also be filed with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities
on SEDAR.
     Other than Directors appointed prior to Closing, which Directors will hold office for a term expiring at the
close of the next annual meeting of shareholders or until a successor is appointed, Directors will be elected at
each annual meeting of shareholders to hold office for a term expiring at the close of the next annual meeting, or
until a successor is duly elected or appointed, and will be eligible for re-election. Nominees will be nominated by
the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee, in each case for election by shareholders as
Directors in accordance with applicable corporate law and will be included in the proxy-related materials to be
sent to shareholders prior to each annual meeting of shareholders.
     The Company does not impose term limits on its directors as it takes the view that term limits are an
arbitrary mechanism for removing directors which can result in valuable, experienced directors being forced to
leave the Board solely because of length of service. Instead, the Company believes that directors should be
assessed based on their ability to continue to make a meaningful contribution. The Company’s annual
performance review of directors assesses the strengths and weaknesses of directors and, in its view, together with
annual elections by the shareholders, is a more meaningful way to evaluate the performance of directors and to
make determinations about whether a director should be removed due to under-performance.

Biographical Information Regarding the Directors and Executive Officers of the Company
V. Prem Watsa (64) — Please see above under ‘‘The Portfolio Advisor — Directors and Officers of the Portfolio
Advisor’’.
Anthony F. Griffiths (84) — Mr. Griffiths is an independent business consultant and corporate director. He is
also a director of Fairfax and the Chairman of Novadaq Technologies Inc. Mr. Griffiths was the Chairman of
Mitel Corporation from 1987 to 1993, and from 1991 to 1993 assumed the positions of President and Chief
Executive Officer in addition to that of Chairman. Mr. Griffiths is a resident of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Alan D. Horn (63) — Mr. Horn is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Rogers Telecommunications
Limited and has been Chairman of Rogers Communications Inc. since March 2006. Mr. Horn served as Acting
President and Chief Executive Officer of Rogers Communications Inc. during 2008. Mr. Horn was
Vice-President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Rogers Communications Inc. from 1996 to 2006 and was
President and Chief Operating Officer of Rogers Telecommunications Limited from 1990 to 1996. Mr. Horn is a
director of Fairfax. Mr. Horn is a Chartered Accountant and a director and a member of the audit committee of
CCL Industries Inc. Mr. Horn is a resident of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Christopher D. Hodgson (53) — Mr. Hodgson is the President of the Ontario Mining Association, President of
Chris Hodgson Enterprises and a board member for Cara Operations Ltd. He previously served as Lead
Director for The Brick Ltd. He entered provincial politics in 1994 as the MPP for Haliburton-Victoria-Brock
and, following the 1995 and 1999 general elections, was appointed to the Ontario Cabinet. Chris served as
Minister of Natural Resources, Minister of Northern Development and Mines, Chairman of the Management
Board of Cabinet, Commissioner of the Board of International Economy, and Minister of Municipal Affairs and
Housing. Previously he enjoyed a career in municipal government and real-estate development and is an
Honours Bachelor of Arts graduate from Trent University. Mr. Hodgson is a resident of Markham, Ontario,
Canada.
Deepak Parekh (70) — Mr. Parekh serves as the Chairman of Housing Development Finance Corporation
Limited, a housing finance company in India which he joined in 1978. Mr. Parekh is the non-executive Chairman
of GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Siemens Ltd and serves as a director of several Indian public
companies, including Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd, the Indian Hotels Co Ltd and Network 18 Media &
Investments Limited. Mr. Parekh also serves as a director of DP World Limited, a company listed on NASDAQ
Dubai, and Vedanta Resources PLC, a company listed on the London Stock Exchange. Mr. Parekh received a
Bachelor of Commerce degree from the Bombay University and holds a Chartered Accountant degree from the
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales. Mr. Parekh is a resident of Mumbai, India.
Harsha Raghavan (43) — Please see above under ‘‘The Portfolio Advisor and Fairbridge — Fairbridge’’.



                                                       -51-
Chandran Ratnaswami (65) — Please see above under ‘‘MI Co and MI Sub — Biographical Information
Regarding the Directors and Executive Officers of MI Co and MI Sub’’.
John Varnell (58) — Mr. Varnell is the Vice President, Corporate Development of Fairfax, a position he has held
since August 2012. Mr. Varnell joined Fairfax in March 1987 and served as Controller until 1991. Mr. Varnell was
Fairfax’s Chief Financial Officer from May 1991 to September 2001. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Varnell was
appointed the Chief Financial Officer of Northbridge Financial Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Fairfax and engaged in special projects on behalf of Fairfax, from 2008 to 2010. In June 2010, Mr. Varnell was
re-appointed as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fairfax, a position he held until July 2012.
Mr. Varnell received a Honours Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Western
Ontario and holds a Chartered Professional Accountant, Chartered Accountant designation from the Canadian
Institute of Chartered Accountants. Mr. Varnell is a resident of Caledon, Ontario, Canada.

Penalties or Sanctions
     None of the Directors or executive officers of the Company, and to the best of its knowledge, no
shareholder holding a sufficient number of securities to affect materially the control of the Company, has been
subject to any penalties or sanctions imposed by a court relating to securities legislation or by a securities
regulatory authority or has entered into a settlement agreement with a securities regulatory authority or been
subject to any other penalties or sanctions imposed by a court or regulatory body that would likely be considered
important to a reasonable investor making an investment decision.

Individual Bankruptcies
     None of the Directors or executive officers of the Company, and to the best of its knowledge, no
shareholder holding a sufficient number of securities to affect materially the control of the Company, has, within
the 10 years prior to the date of this annual information form, become bankrupt, made a proposal under any
legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, or become subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement
or compromise with creditors, or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold the assets of that
individual.

Cease Trade Orders and Bankruptcies
     Other than as set forth below, none of the Directors or executive officers of the Company, and to the best of
its knowledge, no shareholder holding a sufficient number of securities to affect materially the control of the
Company is, as at the date of this annual information form, or has been within the 10 years before the date of
this annual information form, (a) a director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer of any company that
was subject to an order that was issued while the existing or proposed director or executive officer was acting in
the capacity as director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer, or (b) was subject to an order that was
issued after the existing or proposed director or executive officer ceased to be a director, chief executive officer
or chief financial officer and which resulted from an event that occurred while that person was acting in the
capacity as director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer, or (c) a director or executive officer of any
company that, while that person was acting in that capacity, or within a year of that person ceasing to act in that
capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was
subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise with creditors or had a receiver, receiver
manager or trustee appointed to hold its assets. For the purposes of this paragraph, ‘‘order’’ means a cease trade
order, an order similar to a cease trade order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any
exemption under securities legislation, in each case, that was in effect for a period of more than
30 consecutive days.
     Mr. Griffiths was a director of Resolute Forest Products Inc. (formerly AbitibiBowater Inc.) when that
company and certain of its Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries filed for protection in Canada under the Companies’
Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada) (the ‘‘CCAA’’) and for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States
Bankruptcy Court (the ‘‘USBC’’) in April 2009. On December 9, 2010, the company emerged from creditor
protection under the CCAA in Canada and Chapter 11 of the USBC in the United States. Mr. Griffiths was a
director of PreMD Inc. from 1995 to February 2010 and in connection with the voluntary delisting of the



                                                         -52-
company’s shares from the TSX, cease trade orders were issued in April 2009 (and remain in effect) requiring all
trading in and all acquisitions of securities of the company to cease permanently due to its failure to file
continuous disclosure materials required by Ontario securities law. Mr. Griffiths was a director of Jaguar
Mining Inc. from May 2004 to June 2013. On December 23, 2013, the company commenced proceedings under
the CCAA to complete a recapitalization and financing transaction. Trading of the company’s common shares
was suspended on December 23, 2013 and the common shares were delisted from the TSX on February 10, 2014.
On February 7, 2014, the affected unsecured creditors of the company and the Ontario Superior Court of Justice
approved the company’s plan of compromise and arrangement pursuant to the CCAA which was subsequently
implemented effective April 22, 2014.

Conflicts of Interest
     Each of V. Prem Watsa, Alan D. Horn and Anthony F. Griffiths, each a Director and a director of Fairfax
(and, in the case of Mr. Watsa, a director of the Portfolio Advisor), will be required to disclose the nature and
extent of his interest in, and is not entitled to vote on, any resolution to approve, any material contract or
transaction or any proposed material contract or transaction between the Company and Fairfax (or, in the case
of Mr. Watsa, between the Company and the Portfolio Advisor) or any of its affiliates or any other entity in
which Messrs. Watsa, Horn or Griffiths, respectively, has an interest (unless the contract or transaction relates to
his remuneration or an indemnity on liability insurance).
     As the Chair of the Board is not an Independent Director, Anthony Griffiths, an Independent Director, was
appointed as ‘‘Lead Director’’ in order to ensure appropriate leadership for the Independent Directors. The
Lead Director will (i) ensure that appropriate structures and procedures are in place so that the Board may
function independently of management of the Company; and (ii) lead the process by which the Independent
Directors seek to ensure that the Board represents and protects the interests of all shareholders. Anthony
Griffiths, as Lead Director, is also the Chair of the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee.

Committees of the Board
     The Board has established two committees: the Audit Committee and the Governance, Compensation and
Nominating Committee. All members of the Audit Committee will be persons determined by the Board to be
Independent Directors, except for temporary periods in limited circumstances in accordance with National
Instrument 52-110 — Audit Committees (‘‘NI 52-110’’). All of the members of the Governance, Compensation
and Nominating Committee will be persons determined by the Board to be Independent Directors. A majority
of the members of each committee will be residents of Canada.

Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee consists of three Directors, all of whom are persons determined by the Company to
be both Independent Directors and financially literate within the meaning of NI 52-110 and a majority of whom
are residents of Canada. The Audit Committee is comprised of Alan D. Horn, who acts as Chair of this
committee, Anthony F. Griffiths and Christopher D. Hodgson, all of whom have been determined to be
Independent Directors. Each of the Audit Committee members has an understanding of the accounting
principles used to prepare financial statements and varied experience as to the general application of such
accounting principles, as well as an understanding of the internal controls and procedures necessary for financial
reporting.
     The Board has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, in the form set out under Appendix B
to this annual information form, which sets out the Audit Committee’s responsibilities. The Audit Committee’s
responsibilities include: i) reviewing the Company’s procedures for internal control with the Company’s auditors
and Chief Financial Officer; (ii) reviewing and approving the engagement of the auditors; (iii) reviewing annual
and quarterly financial statements and all other material continuous disclosure documents, including the
Company’s annual information form and management’s discussion and analysis; (iv) assessing the Company’s
financial and accounting personnel; (v) assessing the Company’s accounting policies; (vi) reviewing the
Company’s risk management procedures; (vii) reviewing any significant transactions outside the Company’s
ordinary course of business and any legal matters that may significantly affect the Company’s financial



                                                       -53-
statements; (viii) overseeing the work and confirming the independence of the external auditors; and
(ix) reviewing, evaluating and approving the internal control procedures that are implemented and maintained
by management.
     The Audit Committee will have direct communication channels with the Chief Financial Officer and the
external auditors of the Company to discuss and review such issues as the Audit Committee may deem
appropriate.
     Accountant fees payable for the year ended December 31, 2014 to the Company’s external auditor,
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, and its affiliates were US$120,000. All such fees were payable by Fairfax in the
event the Offering was not successful.

Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee
     The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee is comprised of three Directors, all of whom
are persons determined by the Company to be Independent Directors and a majority of whom are residents of
Canada, and will be charged with reviewing, overseeing and evaluating the corporate governance, compensation
and nominating policies of the Company. The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee is
comprised of Anthony F. Griffiths, who acts as Chair of this committee, Alan D. Horn and Christopher
D. Hodgson.
     The Board will adopt a written charter for the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee
setting out its responsibilities for: (i) assessing the effectiveness of the Board, each of its committees and
individual Directors; (ii) overseeing the recruitment and selection of candidates as Directors; (iii) organizing an
orientation and education program for new Directors; (iv) considering and approving proposals by the Directors
to engage outside advisors on behalf of the Board as a whole or on behalf of the Independent Directors;
(v) reviewing and making recommendations to the Board concerning any change in the number of Directors
composing the Board; (vi) considering questions of management succession; (vii) administering any purchase
plan of the Company and any other compensation incentive programs; (viii) assessing the performance of
management of the Company; (ix) reviewing and approving the compensation paid by the Company, if any, to
the officers of the Company; and (x) reviewing and making recommendations to the Board concerning the level
and nature of the compensation payable to Directors and officers of the Company.
     It is expected that the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee will put in place an
orientation program for new Directors under which a new Director will meet with the Chair of the Board and
members of the executive management team of the Company. It is anticipated that a new Director will be
provided with comprehensive orientation and education as to the nature and operation of the Company and its
business, topics related to India including the various political, regulatory and economic environments, the role
of the Board and its committees, and the contribution that an individual Director is expected to make. The
Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee will be responsible for coordinating development
programs for continuing Directors to enable the Directors to maintain or enhance their skills and abilities as
Directors as well as ensuring that their knowledge and understanding of the Company and its business remains
current. The Company will also retain the services of experienced counsel, with knowledge of the political,
regulatory and economic environment in India to advise the Board and management on current developments in
this region from time to time.
     The Directors may also visit the operations of portfolio businesses in which the Company invests, from time
to time. During such trips, the Directors will have the opportunity to meet with the senior executives responsible
for the local operations of the portfolio businesses, attend site visits, meet with government officials, local
leaders and stakeholders, and learn about the local business culture and practices.
     The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee is responsible, along with the Lead Director,
for establishing and implementing procedures to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board, committees of the
Board and the contributions of individual Board members. The Governance, Compensation and Nominating
Committee will also take reasonable steps to evaluate and assess, on an annual basis, directors’ performance and
effectiveness of the Board, Board committees, individual members, the Board Chair and committee Chairs. The
assessment will address, among other things, individual director independence, individual director and overall
Board skills, and individual director financial literacy. The Board will receive and consider the recommendations



                                                       -54-
from the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee regarding the results of the evaluation of the
performance and effectiveness of the Board, Board committees and individual members.
     The Directors believe that the members of the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee
individually and collectively possess the requisite knowledge, skill and experience in governance and
compensation matters, including human resource management, executive compensation matters and general
business leadership, to fulfill the committee’s mandate. All members of the Governance, Compensation and
Nominating Committee have substantial knowledge and experience as current and former senior executives of
large and complex organizations and on the boards of other publicly traded entities.

Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance
      The directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries are covered under Fairfax’s existing directors’
and officers’ liability insurance. Under this insurance coverage, the Company and its subsidiaries will be
reimbursed for insured claims where payments have been made under indemnity provisions on behalf of the
Directors, the MI Directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, subject to a deductible for each
loss, which will be paid by the Company. Individual Directors, MI Directors and officers of the Company and its
subsidiaries will also be reimbursed for insured claims arising during the performance of their duties for which
they are not indemnified by the Company or its subsidiaries. Excluded from insurance coverage are illegal acts,
acts which result in personal profit and certain other acts. In the event that the Company is not controlled by
Fairfax at any time in the future, the Company expects to obtain its own directors’ and officers’ liability
insurance.

Diversity
     The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee believes that having a diverse Board and
senior management team offers a depth of perspective and enhances Board and management operations. The
Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee identifies candidates to the Board and management of
the Company that possess skills with the greatest ability to strengthen the Board and management and the
Company is focused on continually increasing diversity within the Company.
     The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee does not specifically define diversity, but
values diversity of experience, perspective, education, race, gender and national origin as part of its overall
annual evaluation of director nominees for election or re-election as well as candidates for management
positions. Gender and geography are of particular importance to the Company in ensuring diversity within the
Board and management. Recommendations concerning director nominees are, foremost, based on merit and
performance, but diversity is taken into consideration, as it is beneficial that a diversity of backgrounds, views
and experiences be present at the Board and management levels.
     English is one of the official languages of India and the language most commonly used for commercial
activity in India. Members of the Board and management of the Company and its subsidiaries are all fluent in
English. While the Company intends to participate only in transactions where such transactions are conducted in
the English language and does not anticipate conducting transactions in Hindi, four directors (Messrs. Watsa,
Ratnaswami, Raghavan and Parekh) are nonetheless fluent in Hindi.
     As the Company carries on business in foreign jurisdictions, the importance of geographic diversity is
essential for Board and management efficiency. The Company, therefore, attempts to recruit and select Board
and management candidates that represent both gender diversity and global business understanding and
experience. However, the Board does not support fixed percentages for any selection criteria, as the composition
of the Board and management is based on the numerous factors established by the selection criteria and it is
ultimately the skills, experience, character and behavioral qualities that are most important to determining the
value which an individual could bring to the Board or management of the Company.
    At the senior management level, one of the three executive officers of the Company and its subsidiaries
(33%), Ms. Amy Tan, the Chief Executive Officer of MI Co and MI Sub, is female. There are currently no
female directors (0%) on the Board. The Company does not have a formal policy on the representation of
women on the Board or senior management of the Company. The Governance, Compensation and Nominating
Committee already takes gender into consideration as part of its overall recruitment and selection process in


                                                       -55-
respect of its Board and senior management. However, the Board does not believe that a formal policy will
necessarily result in the identification or selection of the best candidates. As such, the Company does not see any
meaningful value in adopting a formal policy in this respect at this time as it does not believe that it would
further enhance gender diversity beyond the current recruitment and selection process carried out by the
Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee. However, the Board is mindful of the benefit of
diversity on the Board and management of the Company and the need to maximize the effectiveness of the
Board and management and their respective decision-making abilities. Accordingly, in searches for new
directors, the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee will consider the level of female
representation and diversity on the Board and management and this will be one of several factors used in its
search process. This will be achieved through continuously monitoring the level of female representation on the
Board and in senior management positions and, where appropriate, recruiting qualified female candidates as
part of the Company’s overall recruitment and selection process to fill Board or senior management positions, as
the need arises, through vacancies, growth or otherwise. Where a qualified female candidate can offer the
Company a unique skill set or perspective (whether by virtue of such candidate’s gender or otherwise), the
Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee anticipates that it would typically select such a female
candidate over a male candidate. Where the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee believes
that a male candidate and a female candidate each offer the Company substantially the same skill set and
perspective, such Committee anticipates that it will consider numerous other factors beyond gender and the
overall level of female representation in deciding which candidate to offer a position to. Due to the size of the
Company, its activities, and its small number of employees, the Company has not yet set measurable objectives
for achieving gender diversity. The Company will consider establishing measureable objectives as it develops.

Remuneration of Directors and MI Directors
Directors’ Compensation
      The Directors’ compensation program is designed to attract and retain the most qualified individuals to
serve on the Board. The Board, through the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee, is
responsible for reviewing and approving any changes to the Directors’ compensation arrangements. In
consideration for serving on the Board, each Director that is not an employee of the Company or one of its
affiliates will be compensated as indicated below:

Type of Fee                                                                                                                Amount

Director Annual Retainer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     $30,000/year

   No additional retainers or fees will be paid to Directors for acting as Chair of the Board or of any
committees, acting as a member of any committee or attendance at Board or committee meetings.
     The Directors will also be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in acting as
Directors. In addition, Directors will be entitled to receive remuneration for services rendered to the Company
in any other capacity, except in respect of their service as directors of any of the Company’s subsidiaries.
Directors who are employees of and who receive a salary from the Company or one of its affiliates or
subsidiaries will not be entitled to receive any remuneration for their services in acting as Directors, but will be
entitled to reimbursement of their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in acting as Directors.

MI Directors’ Compensation
     The MI Directors’ compensation program is designed to attract and retain the most qualified individuals to
serve on the MI Co Board and the MI Sub Board. The Company, as the sole shareholder of MI Co, will be
responsible for reviewing and approving any changes to the MI Directors’ compensation arrangements. In
consideration for serving on the MI Co Board and the MI Sub Board, each MI Director that is not an employee
of Fairfax, the Company or one of their respective affiliates will be compensated as indicated below:

Type of Fee                                                                                                                 Amount

Director Annual Retainer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    $3,000/year



                                                                 -56-
    No additional retainers or fees will be payable to MI Directors for attendance at meetings or for acting as
Chair of the MI Co Board or MI Sub Board.
     The MI Directors will also be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in acting as
MI Directors. In addition, MI Directors will be entitled to receive remuneration for services rendered to MI Co
and MI Sub in any other capacity, except in respect of their service as directors of any of MI Co’s or MI Sub’s
subsidiaries. MI Directors who are employees of and who receive a salary from Fairfax, the Company, MI Co,
MI Sub or one of their respective subsidiaries will not be entitled to receive any remuneration for their services
in acting as MI Directors, but will be entitled to reimbursement of their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in acting as MI Directors.

Executive Compensation
Overview
     Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, Fairfax is required to provide a Chief Executive Officer
and a Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary to the Company. For so long as the Investment Advisory
Agreement remains in effect, all compensation payable to the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company will be borne by Fairfax. MI Co and MI Sub will bear the cost
of compensating their Chief Executive Officer directly (see ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses — Ongoing Fees
and Expenses’’). The Company will not have any employment agreements with the named executive officers.
MI Co and MI Sub intend to have an employment agreement with the Chief Executive Officer, which is not
expected to contain any provisions relating to termination benefits or change of control benefits.
    The following discussion describes the significant elements of the expected compensation for the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company and the
Chief Executive Officer of MI Co and MI Sub, (collectively, the ‘‘named executive officers’’ or ‘‘NEOs’’),
namely:
    Chandran Ratnaswami, Chief Executive Officer (Company);
    John Varnell, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary (Company); and
    Amy Tan, Chief Executive Officer (MI Co and MI Sub).

Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Named Executive Officers of the Company
    The following discussion is intended to describe the portion of the compensation of the NEOs of the
Company that is attributable to time spent on Company matters. Fairfax has sole and exclusive responsibility for
determining the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Corporate
Secretary of the Company.

Principal Elements of Compensation
     The compensation of the named executive officers is anticipated to include three major elements: (a) base
salary that will be paid by Fairfax, (b) an annual bonus that will be paid by Fairfax, and (c) long-term equity
incentives that will be paid by Fairfax, consisting of awards granted from time to time under Fairfax’s equity
compensation plan.
   Perquisites and personal benefits are not expected to be a significant element of compensation of the
named executive officers.
    The three principal elements of compensation are anticipated to be as follows:

     Base salaries. Base salaries are intended to provide an appropriate level of fixed compensation that will
assist in employee retention and recruitment. The Company understands from Fairfax that base salaries will be
determined on an individual basis, taking into consideration the past, current and potential contribution to
success, the position and responsibilities of the named executive officers and competitive industry pay practices
for other similar corporations of comparable size. Base salaries will not be paid by the Company.



                                                      -57-
    Annual bonuses. Annual bonuses will be discretionary and are not expected to be awarded pursuant to a
formal incentive plan. The Company understands from Fairfax that annual bonuses are expected to be a
percentage of the annual base salary. There are no individual performance goals or objectives set or evaluated.
Annual bonuses will not be paid by the Company.

    Long-Term Incentives. Equity-based awards will not be paid by the Company. The named executive officers
may participate in the equity compensation plan of Fairfax.

Named Executive Officers of MI Co and MI Sub
    The following discussion is intended to describe the compensation of the NEOs of MI Co and MI Sub. The
MI Co Board and MI Sub Board has sole and exclusive responsibility for determining the compensation of the
Chief Executive Officer of MI Co and MI Sub.

Principal Elements of Compensation
     The compensation of the named executive officers is anticipated to include two major elements: (a) base
salary that will be paid by MI Co and MI Sub, and (b) an annual bonus that will be paid by MI Co and MI Sub.
   Perquisites and personal benefits are not expected to be a significant element of compensation of the
named executive officers.
    The principal elements of compensation are anticipated to be as follows:

     Base salaries. Base salaries are intended to provide an appropriate level of fixed compensation that will
assist in employee retention and recruitment. Base salaries will be determined on an individual basis, taking into
consideration the past, current and potential contribution to success, the position and responsibilities of the
named executive officer and competitive industry pay practices for other similar corporations of
comparable size.

     Annual bonuses. Annual bonuses will be discretionary and are not expected to be awarded pursuant to a
formal incentive plan. Annual bonuses are expected to be a percentage of the annual base salary. There are no
individual performance goals or objectives set or evaluated.

     Long-Term Incentives. Equity-based awards will not be paid by MI Co or MI Sub. The named executive
officers may participate in the equity compensation plan of Fairfax.

Employment Agreements, Termination Benefits and Change of Control Benefits
    The Company will not have any employment agreements with the named executive officers. MI Co and
MI Sub intend to have an employment agreement with the Chief Executive Officer which is not expected to
contain any provisions relating to termination benefits or change of control benefits.

Non-Management Employee Compensation
     In addition to the named executive officers described above, the Company expects to directly employ
certain non-management employees to assist in the day-to-day operations of the Company. Additionally, MI Co
and MI Sub expect to directly employ certain non-management employees to assist in respect of the operation of
the local office in Mauritius. Such employees will be employees of the Company or its subsidiaries, as applicable,
and all compensation payable to such employees will be borne by the Company or its subsidiaries, as applicable.
The total amount of compensation paid by the Company and its subsidiaries in respect of directors, officers and
employees is expected to be less than US1.5 million per annum, in the aggregate. See ‘‘Summary of Fees and
Expenses — Ongoing Fees and Expenses’’ for more details.

INDEBTEDNESS OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
    None of the directors, executive officers, employees, former directors, former executive officers or former
employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and none of their respective associates, is or has within
30 days before the date of this annual information form or at any time since the beginning of the most recently



                                                      -58-
completed financial year been indebted to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or another entity whose
indebtedness is the subject of a guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or
understanding provided by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

PROMOTER
    Fairfax has taken the initiative in founding and organizing the Company and may therefore be considered a
promoter of the Company for the purposes of applicable securities legislation. Fairfax is a holding company
which, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in property and casualty insurance and reinsurance and investment
management. Fairfax is listed on the TSX under the symbol ‘‘FFH’’. The number of Multiple Voting Shares and
Subordinate Voting Shares (and the equity percentage outstanding) that is held by Fairfax, either directly or
through one or more subsidiaries, is set forth under ‘‘Principal Shareholder’’. Fairfax also acts as Portfolio
Administrator under the Investment Advisory Agreement and thereby receives certain fees as described under
‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’. Fairfax will not receive any benefits, directly or indirectly from the Company
other than as described under ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’ and ‘‘Principal Shareholder’’.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND REGULATORY ACTIONS
     The Company is not aware of any existing or contemplated legal proceedings to which it is or was a party
since the beginning of its most recently completed financial year.
    The Company is not aware of any penalties or sanctions imposed by a court or securities regulatory
authority or other regulatory body against the Company, nor has the Company entered into any settlement
agreements before a court or with a securities regulatory authority.
     The Autorité des marchés financiers, the securities regulatory authority in the Province of Quebec
(the ‘‘AMF’’), is conducting an investigation of Fairfax, the Portfolio Administrator, its Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Prem Watsa, and its President, Mr. Paul Rivett. The investigation concerns the possibility of illegal insider
trading and/or tipping (not involving any personal trading by the individuals) in connection with a Quebec
transaction. Further details concerning the investigation are, by law, not permitted to be disclosed. The Portfolio
Administrator and its officers are fully cooperating with the investigation and have advised the Company that
they are not aware of any reasonable basis for any legal proceedings against it or any of its officers. However, if
the AMF commences legal proceedings, no assurance can be given at this time as to the outcome or to the
impact on the Company.
      The Portfolio Administrator and its directors and officers have in past and are currently subject to various
litigation matters in India relating to investments by the Portfolio Administrator and affiliates in India. The
Portfolio Administrator is of the view that such litigation is without merit and that if determined adversely would
not have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Portfolio Administrator and its directors and officers to
perform their obligations to the Company as described in this annual information form.

INTEREST OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS
     Other than as noted below, there are no material interests, direct or indirect, of any director or executive
officer of the Company, any shareholder that beneficially owns, or controls or directs (directly or indirectly),
more than 10% of the aggregate votes attached to the Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares, or
any associate or affiliate of any of the foregoing persons, in any transaction within the three years before the
date hereof that has materially affected or is reasonably expected to materially affect the Company or any of its
subsidiaries.
    Fairfax holds a significant interest in the Company. See ‘‘Principal Shareholder’’ and ‘‘Promoter’’.

AUDITOR, TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
    PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants, is the
auditor of the Company and has confirmed that it is independent of the Company within the meaning of the
Rules of Professional Conduct of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario.




                                                       -59-
     The transfer agent and registrar for the Multiple Voting Shares and the Subordinate Voting Shares is
Valiant Trust Company at its principal office in Toronto, Ontario.

MATERIAL CONTRACTS
    The following are the only material agreements of the Company that are in effect as of the date hereof
(other than certain agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business):
    (a) the Coattail Agreement (See ‘‘Principal Shareholder — Coattail Agreement’’);
    (b) the Investment Advisory Agreement (see ‘‘Portfolio Advisor and Fairbridge — Investment Advisory
        Agreement’’);
    (c) the Securityholders’ Rights Agreement (See ‘‘Principal Shareholder — Pre-Emptive Rights’’); and
    (d) the Underwriting Agreement.
     Copies of the foregoing documents are available on SEDAR. The Underwriting Agreement was entered
into on January 22, 2015 between Fairfax, the Company and the underwriters for the Offering. Pursuant to the
Underwriting Agreement, the Company agreed to sell and the underwriters severally agreed to purchase on
Closing an aggregate of 50,000,000 Subordinate Voting Shares at a price of US$10.00 per Subordinate Voting
Share payable in cash to the Company against delivery of the Subordinate Voting Shares for aggregate gross
proceeds of US$500,000,000. The underwriters were also granted an over-allotment option. In consideration for
their services in connection with the Offering, the Company agreed to pay the Underwriters a fee equal to
US$0.50 per Subordinate Voting Share. However, no fee was payable to the underwriters in respect of (i) the
Substantial Equity Investment, and (ii) the Cornerstone Investment.

INTERESTS OF EXPERTS
     Our independent auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Chartered Accountants, Licensed Public
Accountants who has issued an independent auditor’s report dated March 26, 2015 in respect of Fairfax India’
consolidated financial statements as at December 31, 2014. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has advised that they
are independent with respect to Fairfax India within the meaning of the Rules of Professional Conduct of the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario and the rules of the US Securities and Exchange Commission and
the requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3520, Auditor Independence.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
     Additional information about the Company may be found on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Additional
financial information is provided in our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2014.




                                                    -60-
                                                   GLOSSARY
‘‘Adjusted Capital’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’;
‘‘Administration and Advisory Fee’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’;
‘‘Advance Notice Provisions’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of Share Capital — Multiple
Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares’’;
‘‘AMF’’ means Autorité des marchés financiers;
‘‘Audit Committee’’ means the audit committee of the Company, as further described under the heading
‘‘Directors and Management of the Company — Committees of the Board’’;
‘‘Board’’ means the board of directors of the Company;
‘‘Calculation Period’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’;
‘‘CBCA’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Corporate Structure’’;
‘‘CCAA’’ means the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada);
‘‘CFA’’ means ‘‘controlled foreign affiliates’’ as defined in the Tax Act;
‘‘Closing’’ means the closing of the Offering, which occurred on the Closing Date;
‘‘Closing Date’’ means January 30, 2015;
‘‘Coattail Agreement’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Principal Shareholder — Coattail Agreement’’;
‘‘Code of Conduct’’ means the code of conduct of the Company, as further described under ‘‘Directors and
Management of the Company — Directors and Executive Officers’’;
‘‘Companies Act’’ means the Companies Act 2001 under the laws of the Republic of Mauritius;
‘‘Company’’ means Fairfax India Holdings Corporation, as interpreted in the manner described under ‘‘Certain
References and Forward-Looking Statements’’;
‘‘Cornerstone Investment’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘General Development of the Business’’;
‘‘Custodians’’ means, collectively, RBC Investor Services Trust and Deutsche Bank AG, Mumbai Branch, and
‘‘Custodian’’ shall mean any one of them;
‘‘DBRS’’ means DBRS Limited;
‘‘Demand Distribution’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Principal Shareholder — Registration Rights’’;
‘‘Demand Registration Right’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Principal Shareholder — Registration
Rights’’;
‘‘Designated Rating Organization’’ means (a) each of DBRS, Fitch, Moody’s, S&P, including their DRO
Affiliates, or (b) any other credit rating organization that has been designated under applicable Canadian
securities legislation;
‘‘Determination Date’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’;
‘‘Directors’’ means the directors of the Company, and ‘‘Director’’ means any one of them;
‘‘DRO Affiliate’’ has the same meaning as in section 1 of National Instrument 25-101 — Designated Rating
Organizations and also includes any subsidiaries of each of DBRS, Fitch, Moody’s and S&P, including CRISIL
Limited and ICRA Limited;
‘‘DTAA’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Risk Factors — Risk Factors Related to Investments in
India — Indian Tax Law;
‘‘Equity Monetization Arrangement’’ means one or more agreements, arrangements or understandings to which a
holder of a Multiple Voting Share is a party, the effect of which is to allow the holder of such Multiple Voting
Share to receive a cash amount similar to proceeds of disposition, and transfer part or all of the economic risk
and/or return associated with such Multiple Voting Share, without actually transferring ownership of or control
over such Multiple Voting Shares; provided, however, that an Equity Monetization Arrangement expressly




                                                       -61-
excludes (a) any pledge, grant of a security interest or other assignment or transfer for purposes of providing
security relating to a Multiple Voting Share, or (b) any currency hedging activities;
‘‘Fairbridge’’ means Fairbridge Capital Private Limited, a corporation established under the laws of India, and a
sub-advisor to the Portfolio Advisor;
‘‘Fairfax’’ means Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited, a corporation established under the laws of Canada, and
the promoter of the Offering;
‘‘FAPI’’ means ‘‘foreign accrual property income’’ as defined in the Tax Act (‘‘CFA’’);
‘‘FDI’’ means foreign direct investment;
‘‘FEMA’’ means the (Indian) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999;
‘‘Fitch’’ means Fitch, Inc.;
‘‘forward-looking statements’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Certain References and Forward-
Looking Statements’’;
‘‘FPI’’ means foreign portfolio investor;
‘‘FPI Regulations’’ means Regulation 5(2) and Schedule 2 of the FEMA Regulations and the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investor) Regulations, 2014;
‘‘FSC’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of the Business — MI Co and MI Sub’’;
‘‘GAAR’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Risk Factors — Risk Factors Related to Investments
in India — GAAR’’;
‘‘GDP’’ means gross domestic product;
‘‘Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee’’ means the governance, compensation and nominating
committee of the Company, as further described under ‘‘Directors and Management of the Company —
Committees of the Board’’;
‘‘High Water Mark’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’;
‘‘Holder’’ means a Shareholder who at all relevant times, for purposes of the Tax Act, (a) beneficially owns
Subordinate Voting Shares as capital property, and (b) deals at arm’s length with the Company and is not
affiliated with the Company;
‘‘Hurdle Per Share’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’;
‘‘IAA’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Risk Factors — Risk Factors Related to Investments in India —
GAAR’’;
‘‘IFRS’’ means International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board;
‘‘Independent Director’’ means a Director who is independent of the Company in accordance with applicable
Canadian securities law;
‘‘Indian Investments’’ means investments by the Company in public and private equity securities and debt
instruments in India and Indian businesses or other businesses with customers, suppliers or business primarily
conducted in, or dependent on, India. For the avoidance of doubt Indian Investments do not include Permitted
Investments;
‘‘Indirect CFA’’ means any direct or indirect subsidiary of a CFA that is itself a CFA;
‘‘Indo-Mauritius DTAA’’ means the India-Mauritius tax treaty, the rules and regulations made thereunder, as
amended from time to time, and the judicial and administrative interpretations in respect thereof as on the date
of this annual information form;
‘‘INR’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Risk Factors — Risk Factors Related to the Business of the
Company — Foreign Currency Fluctuation’’;
‘‘Investment Advisory Agreement’’ means the administration and investment advisory services agreement entered
into on Closing among the Company, MI Co, MI Sub, Fairfax and the Portfolio Advisor and such other



                                                      -62-
subsidiaries of the Company as may be added from time to time, as further described under ‘‘The Portfolio
Advisor and Fairbridge — Investment Advisory Agreement’’;
‘‘Investment Concentration Restriction’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of the Business —
Investment Restrictions’’;
‘‘Issued Securities’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Principal Shareholder — Pre-Emptive Rights’’;
‘‘ITA’’ means the Indian Income tax Act, 1961, the rules and regulations made thereunder, as amended from
time to time, and the judicial and administrative interpretations in respect thereof as on the date of this annual
information form;
‘‘Mandatory By-Law Provisions’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of Share Capital —
Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares’’;
‘‘Market Price’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto in ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’;
‘‘Mauritius Administrator’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of the Business — MI Co and
MI Sub — Mauritius Administrator’’;
‘‘MI Co’’ means FIH Mauritius Investments Ltd;
‘‘MI Co Board’’ means the board of directors of MI Co;
‘‘MI Co Shares’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of the Business — MI Co and MI Sub —
Share Capital’’;
‘‘MI Directors’’ means the directors of MI Co or MI Sub, and ‘‘MI Director’’ means any one of them;
‘‘Minimum Investment Restriction’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of the Business —
Investment Restrictions’’;
‘‘MI Sub’’ means FIH Private Investments Ltd;
‘‘MI Sub Board’’ means the board of directors of MI Sub;
‘‘MI Sub Shares’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of the Business — MI Co and MI Sub —
Share Capital’’;
‘‘Moody’s’’ means Moody’s Investors Service Inc.;
‘‘Multiple Voting Shares’’ means the multiple voting shares in the capital of the Company, as further described
under ‘‘Description of Share Capital — Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares’’, and ‘‘Multiple
Voting Share’’ means any one of them;
‘‘named executive officers’’ means the named executive officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, as further
described under ‘‘Directors and Management of the Company — Executive Compensation’’;
‘‘NAV per Share’’ means, on any day, the Net Asset Value of the Company on such day divided by the aggregate
number of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares of the Company that are outstanding on
such day;
‘‘NEOs’’ means the named executive officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, as further described under
‘‘Directors and Management of the Company — Executive Compensation’’;
‘‘Net Asset Value’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Calculation of Total Assets and Net Asset Value’’;
‘‘Net Proceeds of the Offerings’’ means the net proceeds of the Offering, together with the net proceeds of the
Cornerstone Investment and the concurrent issuance of the Multiple Voting Shares;
‘‘NI 52-110’’ means National Instrument 52-110 — Audit Committees of the Canadian Securities Administrators,
as amended from time to time;
‘‘NI 81-102’’ means National Instrument 81-102 — Investment Funds of the Canadian Securities Administrators, as
amended from time to time;
‘‘Nominating Shareholder’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of Share Capital — Multiple
Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares’’;




                                                      -63-
‘‘Notice Date’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of Share Capital — Multiple Voting Shares
and Subordinate Voting Shares’’;
‘‘Offering’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘General Development of the Business’’;
‘‘PACs’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under the heading ‘‘Description of the Business — MI Co and
MI Sub’’;
‘‘Performance Fee’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Summary of Fees and Expenses’’;
‘‘Permitted Investments’’ means (a) an evidence of indebtedness that is issued, or fully and unconditionally
guaranteed as to principal and interest, by (i) the government of Canada or the government of a jurisdiction,
(ii) the government of the United States of America, the government of one of the states of the United States of
America, the government of another sovereign state, or a Permitted Supranational Agency, if, in each case, the
evidence of indebtedness has a designated rating, except in the case of indebtedness issued by the government of
India, in which case the evidence of indebtedness must be rated by a Designated Rating Organization or its
DRO Affiliate as investment grade or higher, or (iii) a Canadian financial institution or a financial institution
that is not incorporated or organized under the laws of Canada or of a province or municipality thereof if, in
either case, evidences of indebtedness of that issuer or guarantor that are rated as short term debt by a
Designated Rating Organization or its DRO Affiliate have a designated rating, (b) commercial paper that has a
term to maturity of 365 days or less and an approved credit rating and that was issued by a person or company
other than a government or Permitted Supranational Agency, (c) an evidence of indebtedness that is issued by
an entity the majority of the votes attached to all outstanding voting shares of which are held by the government
of India, even if such indebtedness is not fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the government of India, if the
evidence of indebtedness has the highest rating issued by a Designated Rating Organization or its DRO
Affiliate, (d) a fixed income mutual fund that has the highest rating issued by a Designated Rating Organization
or its DRO Affiliate and that is redeemable on a daily basis, or (e) a fixed income mutual fund that is
redeemable on a daily basis and that is limited to investing in indebtedness that meets the criteria in (a), (b),
(c) and (d), as applicable, of this Permitted Investments definition;
‘‘Permitted Supranational Agency’’ means the African Development Bank, the Asian Development Bank, the
Caribbean Development Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the European
Investment Bank, the Inter-American Development Bank, the International Bank for Reconstruction and
Development and the International Finance Corporation;
‘‘Piggy-Back Distribution’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Principal Shareholder — Registration
Rights’’;
‘‘Piggy-Back Registration Right’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Principal Shareholder — Registration
Rights’’;
‘‘PIS’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Description of the Business — MI Co and MI Sub’’;
‘‘Portfolio Administrator’’ means Fairfax;
‘‘Portfolio Advisor’’ means Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the laws
of Canada;
‘‘RBI’’ means the Reserve Bank of India;
‘‘Retained Interest Requirement’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Principal Shareholder’’;
‘‘SEBI’’ means the Securities and Exchange Board of India;
‘‘Securityholders’ Rights Agreement’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Principal Shareholder —
Pre-Emptive Rights’’;
‘‘SEDAR’’ means the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval at www.sedar.com;
‘‘Shareholders’’ means, collectively, the holders of the Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares,
and ‘‘Shareholder’’ means any one of them;
‘‘SPAC’’ means a Special Purpose Acquisition Corporation as contemplated in the TSX Company Manual;




                                                      -64-
‘‘Subordinate Voting Shares’’ means the subordinate voting shares in the capital of the Company, as further
described under ‘‘Description of Share Capital — Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares’’, and
‘‘Subordinate Voting Share’’ means any one of them;
‘‘Substantial Equity Investment’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘General Development of
the Business’’;
‘‘Tax Act’’ means the Income Tax Act (Canada) and the regulations thereunder;
‘‘Total Assets’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto under ‘‘Calculation of Total Assets and Net Asset Value’’;
‘‘TSX’’ means the Toronto Stock Exchange;
‘‘U.S. Securities Act’’ means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended;
‘‘Undeployed Capital’’ means all equity capital of the Company that is not then invested in Indian Investments;
‘‘Underwriting Agreement’’ means the underwriting agreement among Fairfax, the Company and the
Underwriters dated January 22, 2015, as further described under ‘‘Material Contracts’’;
‘‘United States’’ has the meaning ascribed thereto in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act; and
‘‘USBC’’ means the United States Bankruptcy Court.




                                                     -65-
                                      APPENDIX A — BOARD MANDATE
                                FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
                                MANDATE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
1.   Statement of Purpose
     The Board of Directors (the ‘‘Board’’) is responsible for the stewardship of Fairfax India Holdings
Corporation (‘‘Fairfax India’’) and for supervising the management of the business and affairs of Fairfax India.
Accordingly, the Board acts as the ultimate decision-making body of Fairfax India, except with respect to those
matters that must be approved by the shareholders or upon which discretionary authority has been delegated to
Fairfax India’s portfolio advisor (the ‘‘Portfolio Advisor’’). The Board has the power to delegate its authority and
duties to committees or individual members, to senior management and to the Portfolio Advisor as it determines
appropriate, subject to any applicable law. The Board explicitly delegates to senior management responsibility
for the day to day operations of Fairfax India, including for all matters not specifically assigned to the Board or
to any committee of the Board. Where a committee of the Board, senior management or the Portfolio Advisor is
responsible for making recommendations to the Board, the Board will carefully consider those
recommendations.

2.   Board Mandate
    The directors’ primary responsibility is to act in good faith and to exercise their business judgment in what
they reasonably believe to be the best interests of Fairfax India. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Board is,
among other matters, responsible for the following:
     • Exercising its powers and taking whatever actions may be necessary or desirable in order to carry out
       Fairfax India’s investment objectives, as stated in its articles of incorporation;
     • Determining, from time to time, the appropriate criteria against which to evaluate performance, and set
       strategic goals and objectives within this context;
     • Monitoring performance against both strategic goals and objectives of Fairfax India;
     • Appointing the CEO and other corporate officers;
     • Delegating to the CEO the authority to manage and supervise the business of Fairfax India, including
       making any decisions regarding Fairfax India’s ordinary course of business and operations that are not
       specifically reserved to the Board under the terms of that delegation of authority;
     • Determining what, if any, executive limitations may be required in the exercise of the authority delegated
       to management;
     • On an ongoing basis, satisfying itself as to the integrity of the CEO and other executive officers and that
       the CEO and the other executive officers create a culture of integrity throughout Fairfax India;
     • Monitoring and evaluating the performance of the CEO and the other executive officers against the
       corporate objectives;
     • Succession planning;
     • Participating in the development of and approving a long-term strategic plan for Fairfax India;
     • Reviewing and approving the business and investment objectives to be met by management and ensuring
       they are consistent with long-term goals;
     • Satisfying itself that Fairfax India is pursuing a sound strategic direction in accordance with the corporate
       objectives;
     • Reviewing operating and financial performance results relative to established corporate objectives;
     • Approving an annual fiscal plan and setting targets and budgets against which to measure executive
       performance and the performance of Fairfax India;
     • Ensuring that it understands the principal risks of Fairfax India’s business, and that appropriate systems
       to manage these risks are implemented;



                                                        A-1
     • Ensuring that the materials and information provided by Fairfax India to the Board and its committees
       are sufficient in their scope and content and in their timing to allow the Board and its committees to
       satisfy their duties and obligations;
     • Reviewing and approving Fairfax India’s annual and interim financial statements and related
       management’s discussion and analysis, annual information form, annual report (if any) and management
       proxy circular;
     • Overseeing Fairfax India’s compliance with applicable audit, accounting and reporting requirements,
       including in the areas of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures;
     • Confirming the integrity of Fairfax India’s internal control and management information systems;
     • Approving any securities issuances and repurchases by Fairfax India;
     • Determining the amount and timing of dividends to shareholders, if any;
     • Approving the nomination of directors;
     • Maintaining records and providing reports to shareholders;
     • Establishing committees of the Board, where required or prudent, and defining their respective
       mandates;
     • Approving the charters of the Board committees and approving the appointment of directors to Board
       committees and the appointment of the Chairs of those committees;
     • Satisfying itself that a process is in place with respect to the appointment, development, evaluation and
       succession of senior management;
     • Adopting a communications policy for Fairfax India (including ensuring the timeliness and integrity of
       communications to shareholders, other stakeholders and the public and establishing suitable mechanisms
       to receive shareholder views); and
     • Monitoring the social responsibility, integrity and ethics of Fairfax India.

3.   Independence of Directors
     The Board believes that the majority of its members should be independent. For this purpose, a director is
independent if he or she would be Independent within the meaning of National Instrument 58-101 — Disclosure
of Corporate Governance Practices, as the same may be amended from time to time. On an annual basis, the
Board will determine which of its directors is independent based on the rules of applicable stock exchanges and
securities regulatory authorities and will publish its determinations in the management circular for Fairfax
India’s annual meeting of shareholders. Directors have an on-going obligation to inform the Board of any
material changes in their circumstances or relationships that may affect the Board’s determination as to their
independence and, depending on the nature of the change, a director may be asked to resign as a result.

4.   Board Size
     The Board will periodically review whether its current size is appropriate. The size of the Board will, in any
case, be within the minimum and maximum number provided for in the articles of Fairfax India (3 to 15).

5.   Committees
     The Board will have an Audit Committee, and a Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee,
the charters of each of which will be as established by the Board from time to time. The Board may, from time to
time, establish and maintain additional or different committees as it deems necessary or appropriate.
     Circumstances may warrant the establishment of new committees, the disbanding of current committees or
the reassignment of authority and responsibilities amongst committees. The authority and responsibilities of
each committee are set out in a written mandate approved by the Board. At least annually, each mandate shall
be reviewed and, on the recommendation of the Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee,




                                                       A-2
approved by the Board. Each Committee Chair shall provide a report to the Board on material matters
considered by the Committee at the next regular Board meeting following such Committee’s meeting.

6.   Board Meetings
Agenda
    The Lead Director, in consultation with the Chairman, is responsible for establishing the agenda for each
Board meeting.

Frequency of Meetings
    The Board will meet as often as the Board considers appropriate to fulfill its duties, but in any event at least
once per quarter.

Responsibilities of Directors with Respect to Meetings
     Directors are expected to regularly attend Board meetings and Committee meetings (as applicable) and to
review in advance all materials for Board meetings and Committee meetings (as applicable).

Minutes
     Regular minutes of Board and Committee proceedings will be kept and will be circulated on a timely basis
to all directors and Committee members, as applicable, the Chairman and the Lead Director (and to other
directors, by request for review and approval).

Attendance at Meetings
    The Board (or any Committee) may invite, at its discretion, non-directors to attend a meeting. Any member
of management will attend a meeting if invited by the directors. The Lead Director may attend any Committee
meeting.

Meetings of Independent Directors
     After each meeting of the Board, the independent directors may meet without the non-independent
directors. In addition, separate, regularly scheduled meetings of the independent directors of the Board may be
held, at which members of management are not present. The agenda for each Board meeting (and each
Committee meeting to which members of management have been invited) will afford an opportunity for the
independent directors to meet separately.

Residency
     Applicable residency requirements will be complied with in respect of any Board or Committee meeting.

7.   Communications with Shareholders and Others
    The Board will ensure that there is timely communication of material corporate information to
shareholders.
    Shareholders and others, including other securityholders, may contact the Board with any questions or
concerns, including complaints with respect to accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters, by
contacting the Chief Financial Officer of Fairfax India at:
                                      95 Wellington Street West, Suite 800
                                      Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2N7

8.   Service on other Boards and Audit Committees
     The Board believes that its members should be permitted to serve on the boards of other public entities so
long as these commitments do not materially interfere with and are not incompatible with their ability to fulfill
their duties as a member of the Board.


                                                         A-3
9.   Code of Conduct
     The Board will adopt a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the ‘‘Code’’). The Board expects all directors,
officers and employees of Fairfax India and its subsidiaries to conduct themselves in accordance with the highest
ethical standards, and to adhere to the Code. Any waiver of the Code for directors or executive officers may only
be made by the Board or one of its Committees and will be promptly disclosed by Fairfax India, as required by
applicable law, including the requirements of any applicable stock exchanges.




                                                      A-4
                              APPENDIX B — AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER
                                FAIRFAX INDIA HOLDINGS CORPORATION
                                       AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER

1.   Statement of Purpose
     The Audit Committee (the ‘‘Committee’’) of Fairfax India Holdings Corporation (‘‘Fairfax India’’) has been
established by the Board of Directors of Fairfax India (the ‘‘Board’’) for the purpose of overseeing the
accounting and financial reporting processes of Fairfax India, including the audit of the financial statements of
Fairfax India.
     The Committee is responsible for assisting with the Board’s oversight of (1) the quality and integrity of
Fairfax India’s financial statements and related disclosure, (2) Fairfax India’s compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements, (3) the independent auditor’s qualifications, performance and independence and
(4) the integrity of the internal controls at Fairfax India.

2.   Committee Membership
Members
     The Committee will consist of as many members of the Board as the Board may determine but, in any
event, not less than three members, a majority of whom shall be resident Canadians. Members of the Committee
will be appointed by the Board, taking into account any recommendation that may be made by the Governance,
Compensation and Nominating Committee. Any member of the Committee may be removed and replaced at
any time by the Board, and will automatically cease to be a member if he or she ceases to meet the qualifications
set out below. The Board will fill vacancies on the Committee by appointment from among qualified members of
the Board, taking into account any recommendation that may be made by the Governance, Compensation and
Nominating Committee. If a vacancy exists, the remaining members of the Committee may exercise all of its
powers so long as there is a quorum and subject to any legal requirements regarding the minimum number of
members of the Committee.

Chair
     Each year, the Board will designate one of the members of the Committee to be the Chair of the
Committee, taking into account any recommendation that may be made by the Governance, Compensation and
Nominating Committee. If, in any year, the Board does not appoint a Chair, the incumbent Chair shall continue
in office until a successor is appointed. The Board will adopt and approve a position description for the Chair
which sets out his or her role and responsibilities.

Qualifications
      All of the members of the Committee shall be selected based upon the following, to the extent that the
following are required under the applicable law: (i) each member shall be an independent director; and (ii) each
member shall be financially literate. For the purpose of this Charter, the terms ‘‘independent’’ and ‘‘financially
literate’’ shall have the meanings attributed thereto in Multilateral Instrument 52-110 — Audit Committees, as
the same may be amended from time to time.

Tenure
     Each member of the Committee shall hold office until his or her term as a member of the Committee
expires or is terminated.

Ex Officio Members and Management Attendance
   The Committee may invite, at its discretion, members of management to attend any meetings of the
Committee. Any member of management will attend a Committee meeting if invited by the Committee. The




                                                       B-1
Lead Director, if not already a member of the Committee, will be entitled to attend each meeting of the
Committee as an observer.

3.   Committee Operations
Frequency of Meetings
    The Chair, in consultation with the other members of the Committee, will determine the schedule and
frequency of meetings of the Committee, provided that the Committee will meet at least once per quarter.

Agenda and Reporting to the Board
    The Chair will establish the agenda for meetings in consultation with the other members of the Committee,
the Chairman of the Board and the Lead Director. To the maximum extent possible, the agenda and meeting
materials will be circulated to the members in advance to ensure sufficient time for study prior to the meeting.
The Committee will report to the Board at the next meeting of the Board following each Committee meeting.

Minutes
    Regular minutes of Committee proceedings will be kept and will be circulated to all Committee members,
the Chairman of the Board and the Lead Director (and to any other director that requests that they be sent to
him or her) on a timely basis for review and approval.

Quorum
     A quorum at any meeting will be a simple majority.

Procedure
     The procedure at meetings will be determined by the Committee.

Transaction of Business
     The powers of the Committee may be exercised at a meeting where a quorum is present or by resolution in
writing signed by all members of the Committee.

Absence of Chair
     In the absence of the Chair, the Committee may appoint one of its other members to act as Chair of
that meeting.

Exercise of Power Between Meetings
     Between meetings, and subject to any applicable law, the Chair of the Committee, or any member of the
Committee designated for this purpose, may, if required in the circumstance, exercise any power delegated by
the Committee. The Chair or other designated member will promptly report to the other Committee members
in any case in which this interim power is exercised.

4.   Committee Duties and Responsibilities
     The Committee is responsible for performing the duties set out below and any other duties that may be
assigned to it by the Board and performing any other functions that may be necessary or appropriate for the
performance of its duties.

     Independent Auditor’s Qualifications and Independence
     1.   The Committee must recommend to the Board at all appropriate times the independent auditor to be
          nominated or appointed for the purpose of preparing or issuing an auditor’s report or performing
          other audit, review or attest services for Fairfax India and approve the compensation to be paid to the
          independent auditor.



                                                      B-2
2.   The Committee is directly responsible for overseeing the work of the independent auditor engaged for
     the purpose of preparing or issuing an auditor’s report or performing other audit, review or attest
     services for Fairfax India, including the resolution of disagreements between management and the
     independent auditor regarding financial reporting. The independent auditor will report directly to the
     Committee and the Committee will evaluate and be responsible for Fairfax India’s relationship with the
     independent auditor.
3.   The Committee must pre-approve any permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent
     auditor to Fairfax India or its subsidiaries, provided that no approval will be provided for any service
     that is prohibited under the rules of the Canadian Public Accountability Board or the Independence
     Standards of the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants. The Committee may delegate to one or
     more of its members the authority to pre-approve those permitted non-audit services provided that any
     such pre-approval must be presented to the Committee at its next meeting and that the Committee
     may not delegate pre-approval of any non-audit internal control related services. The Committee may
     also adopt specific policies and procedures relating to pre-approval of permitted non-audit services to
     satisfy the pre-approval requirement provided that the procedures are detailed as to the specific
     service, the Committee is informed of each non-audit service and the procedures do not include the
     delegation of the Committee’s responsibilities to management or pre-approval of non-audit internal
     control related services. The Committee will review with the lead audit partner whether any of the
     audit team members receive any discretionary compensation from the audit firm with respect to
     non-audit services performed by the independent auditor.
4.   The Committee will obtain and review with the lead audit partner and a more senior representative of
     the independent auditor, annually or more frequently as the Committee considers appropriate, a
     report by the independent auditor describing: (a) the independent auditor’s internal quality-control
     procedures; (b) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer
     review, of the independent auditor, or by any inquiry, review or investigation by governmental,
     professional or other regulatory authorities, within the preceding five years, respecting independent
     audits carried out by the independent auditor, and any steps taken to deal with these issues; and (c) in
     order to assess the independent auditor’s independence, all relationships between the independent
     auditor and Fairfax India and the independent auditor’s objectivity and independence in accordance
     with the rules, policies and standards applicable to auditors.
5.   After reviewing the report referred to above and the independent auditor’s performance throughout
     the year, the Committee will evaluate the independent auditor’s qualifications, performance and
     independence. The evaluation will include a review and evaluation of the lead partner of the
     independent auditor. In making its evaluation, the Committee will take into account the opinions of
     management and Fairfax India’s internal auditors (or other personnel responsible for the internal audit
     function). The Committee will also consider whether, in order to assure continuing auditor
     independence, there should be a rotation of the audit firm itself. The Committee will present its
     conclusions to the Board.
6.   The Committee will review with the Board any issues that arise with respect to the performance and
     independence of the independent auditor and, where issues arise, make recommendations about
     whether Fairfax India should continue with that independent auditor.
7.   The Committee has the responsibility for approving the independent auditor’s fees. In approving the
     independent auditor’s fees, the Committee should consider, among other things, the number and
     nature of reports issued by the independent auditor, the quality of the internal controls, the impact of
     the size, complexity and financial condition of Fairfax India on the audit work plan, and the extent of
     internal audit and other support provided by Fairfax India to the independent auditor.
8.   The Committee will ensure the regular rotation of members of the independent auditor’s team as
     required by law.
9.   The Committee will establish hiring policies for employees and former employees of its independent
     auditor.




                                                  B-3
Financial Statements and Financial Review
10. The Committee will review the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements
    with management and the independent auditor, including MD&A, before their release and their filing
    with securities regulatory authorities. The Committee will also review all news releases relating to
    annual and interim financial results prior to their public release. The Committee will also consider,
    establish, and periodically review policies with respect to the release or distribution of any other
    financial information, including earnings guidance and any financial information provided to ratings
    agencies and analysts, and review that information prior to its release.
11. The Committee will review all other financial statements of Fairfax India that require approval by the
    Board before they are released to the public, including, without limitation, financial statements for use
    in prospectuses or other offering or public disclosure documents and financial statements required by
    regulatory authorities. The Committee will review the Annual Information Form and Management
    Proxy Circular of Fairfax India prior to its filing.
12. The Committee will meet separately and periodically with management, the internal auditors (or other
    personnel responsible for the internal audit function) and the independent auditor.
13. The Committee will oversee management’s design and implementation of an adequate and effective
    system of internal controls at Fairfax India, including ensuring adequate internal audit functions. The
    Committee will review the processes for complying with internal control reporting and certification
    requirements and for evaluating the adequacy and effectiveness of specified controls. The Committee
    will review the annual and interim conclusions of the effectiveness of Fairfax India’s disclosure controls
    and procedures and internal controls and procedures (including the independent auditor’s attestation
    that is required to be filed with securities regulators).
14. The Committee will review with management and the independent auditor: (A) major issues regarding
    accounting principles and financial statement presentations, including critical accounting principles
    and practices used and any significant changes to Fairfax India’s selection or application of accounting
    principles, and major issues as to the adequacy of Fairfax India’s internal controls and any special audit
    steps adopted in light of material control deficiencies; (B) analyses prepared by management and/or
    the independent auditor setting forth significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in
    connection with the preparation of the financial statements, including analysis of the effects of
    alternative GAAP methods on the financial statements of Fairfax India and the treatment preferred by
    the independent auditor; (C) the effect of regulatory and accounting initiatives, as well as off-balance
    sheet structures, on the financial statements of Fairfax India; and (D) the type and presentation of
    information to be included in earnings press releases (including any use of ‘‘pro forma’’ or ‘‘adjusted’’
    non-GAAP information).
15. The Committee will regularly review with the independent auditor any difficulties the auditor
    encountered in the course of its audit work, including any restrictions on the scope of the independent
    auditor’s activities or on access to requested information, and any significant disagreements with
    management. The Committee will also review with the independent auditor any material
    communications with the independent auditor, including any management letter or schedule of
    unadjusted differences.
16. The Committee will review with management, and any outside professionals as the Committee
    considers appropriate, important trends and developments in financial reporting practices and
    requirements and their effect on Fairfax India’s financial statements.
17. The Committee will review with management and the independent auditor the scope, planning and
    staffing of the proposed audit for the current year. The Committee will also review the organization,
    responsibilities, plans, results, budget and staffing of the internal audit departments. In addition,
    management of Fairfax India’s subsidiaries will consult with the Committee, or in the case of Fairfax
    India’s publicly traded subsidiaries, the audit committees of those subsidiaries, on the appointment,
    replacement, reassignment or dismissal of personnel in the respective internal audit departments.




                                                  B-4
     18. The Committee will meet with management to discuss guidelines and policies governing the process by
         which Fairfax India and its subsidiaries assess and manage exposure to risk and to discuss Fairfax
         India’s major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control
         such exposures.
     19. The Committee will review with management, and any internal or external counsel as the Committee
         considers appropriate, any legal matters (including the status of pending litigation) that may have a
         material impact on Fairfax India and any material reports or inquiries from regulatory or governmental
         agencies.
     20. The Committee will review with the Board any issues that arise with respect to the quality or integrity
         of Fairfax India’s financial statements, compliance with legal or regulatory requirements, or the
         performance of the internal audit function.

     Additional Oversight
     21. The Committee will establish procedures for (a) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints
         received by Fairfax India regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing matters or
         potential violations of law and (b) the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of Fairfax
         India of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters
         or potential violations of law. This will include the establishment of a whistleblower policy.
     22. The Committee will annually review the expenses of the CEO and the CFO.

5.   Access to Advisors
     The Committee may, in its sole discretion, retain counsel, auditors or other advisors in connection with the
execution of its duties and responsibilities and may determine the fees of any advisors so retained. Fairfax India
will provide the Committee with appropriate funding for payment of compensation to such counsel, auditors or
other advisors and for ordinary administrative expenses of the Committee that are necessary or appropriate in
carrying out its duties.

6.   The Committee Chair
     In addition to the responsibilities of the Chair described above, the Chair has the primary responsibility for
monitoring developments with respect to financial reporting in general, and reporting to the Committee on any
significant developments.

7.   Committee Evaluation
   The performance of the Committee will be evaluated by the Governance, Compensation and Nominating
Committee as part of its annual evaluation of the Board committees.




                                                       B-5
