                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                 2021
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT




                                                                Annual Report 2021
This annual report is printed on environmental friendly paper
                          Contents
                            Corporate Profile 2
                       Corporate Information 3
                       Letter to Shareholders 5
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management 14
                            Business Review 25
                            Financial Review 57
               Corporate Governance Report 75
                     Report of The Directors 101
                Independent Auditors’ Report 133
 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                Other Comprehensive Income 140
  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 142
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 144
       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 146
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 149
                Five Year Financial Summary 308
    Corporate Profile




    We are a leader in the global major home appliance industry. According to the data from
    Euromonitor, we ranked first in the major home appliance industry in the world in terms of retail
    volume of major home appliances for 13 consecutive years. We have a global portfolio of home
    appliance brands consisting of Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher & Paykel and
    AQUA. Our Haier brand refrigeration appliances and laundry appliances also ranked first among
    major home appliance brands in the world in terms of retail volume for 14 and 13 consecutive
    years respectively. Currently, our business covered more than 160 countries and regions around
    the world including China, North America, Europe, South Asia and Southeast Asia, Australia and
    New Zealand, Japan, Middle East and Africa.

    We are also a global pioneer in providing smart home solutions. Capitalising on our full-range
    home appliances products, according to Euromonitor, we are one of the first home appliance
    enterprises in the industry to launch smart home solutions, supported by the introduction of our
    cloud based platform that offers integrated smart home solutions covering various lifestyle
    scenarios. Centering on our interconnected home appliance products, and supported by Haier
    Smart Home App and Haier Smart Home Experiential Cloud Platform as well as our experience
    stores and franchised stores, we provide smart home solutions suited for various lifestyle
    scenarios for users to satisfy their pursuit for a better life.




2   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Corporate Information




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                            BOARD SECRETARY
Executive Directors                           Ms. MING Guozhen
Mr. LIANG Haishan (Chairman)
Mr. LI Huagang (Chief Executive Officer)
                                              PRINCIPAL BOARD COMMITTEES
Mr. XIE Juzhi (Vice Chairman)                 Audit Committee
 (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)
                                              Mr. WONG Hak Kun (Committee Chairman)
                                              Mr. WU Changqi
Non-executive Directors
                                              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
Ms. TAN Lixia (Vice Chairwoman)               Mr. YU Hon To, David
 (retired with effect from 30 March 2021)     Mr. WU Qi
Mr. WU Changqi
Mr. LIN Sui                                   Remuneration and Assessment Committee
Mr. YU Hon To, David
                                              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (Committee Chairman)
 (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)
                                              Mr. LIANG Haishan
Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun
 (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)    Mr. WU Changqi
                                              Mr. LI Shipeng
                                              Mr. WU Qi
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. DAI Deming                                Nomination Committee
 (retired with effect from 25 June 2021)
Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                             Mr. WU Qi (Committee Chairman)
Mr. WONG Hak Kun                              Mr. LIANG Haishan
Mr. LI Shipeng                                Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
 (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)    Mr. YU Hon To, David
Mr. WU Qi                                     Mr. LI Shipeng
 (appointed with effect from 25 June 2021)    Mr. WONG Hak Kun

SUPERVISORS                                   Strategy Committee
Mr. WANG Peihua                               Mr. LIANG Haishan (Committee Chairman)
 (retired with effect from 25 June 2021)
                                              Mr. XIE Juzhi
Mr. MING Guoqing
                                              Mr. LI Huagang
 (retired with effect from 25 June 2021)
Mr. YU Miao                                   Mr. LIN Sui
Mr. LIU Dalin                                 Mr. LI Shipeng
 (appointed with effect from 25 June 2021)    Mr. WU Qi
Ms. MA Yingjie
 (appointed with effect from 25 June 2021)
                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   3
    Corporate Information




    Environmental, Social and Governance            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Committee                                       HONG KONG
    Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (Committee Chairwoman)       Unit 3513
    Mr. LI Huagang                                  35/F, The Center
    Mr. LIN Sui                                     99 Queen’s Road Central
    Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                               Hong Kong

    COMPANY SECRETARY                               TELEPHONE NUMBER
    Mr. NG Chi Yin                                  +86 (532) 8893 1670
                                                    +852 2169 0000
    LEGAL ADVISORS
    As to PRC Law                                   FAX NUMBER
    King & Wood Mallesons                           +86 (532) 8893 1689
                                                    +852 2169 0880
    As to Hong Kong Law
                                                    H-SHARES REGISTRAR
    Clifford Chance
                                                    Tricor Investor Services Limited
    COMPLIANCE ADVISOR                              Level 54, Hopewell Centre
                                                    183 Queen’s Road East
    Anglo Chinese Corporate Finance, Limited        Hong Kong

    PRINCIPAL BANKER                                STOCK CODE
    China Construction Bank Corporation             The Shanghai Stock Exchange : 600690
                                                    The Frankfurt Stock Exchange : 690D
    AUDITORS                                        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited : 06690
    Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP
    HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited                 WEBSITE
                                                    http://smart-home.haier.com
    FINANCIAL CALENDAR
    Six-month interim period end : 30 June          INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
    Financial year end           : 31 December      Strategic Financial Relations Limited
                                                    24/F, Admiralty Centre I
    REGISTERED OFFICE AND                           18 Harcourt Road
    HEADQUARTERS                                    Hong Kong
    Haier Industrial Park                           Telephone Number : (852) 2111 8468
    Laoshan District, Qingdao                       Fax Number            : (852) 2527 1196
    Shandong Province, the PRC                      E-mail Address        : haier@sprg.com.hk




4   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                  Letter to Shareholders




2021 was no doubt another year full of challenges. The COVID-19 pandemic has changed life and work
patterns. While consumption has yet to fully recover, the global supply chain was confronted by various
factors such as the chip shortage and insufficient logistics capacity. 2021 was also the first fiscal year
following the integration of Haier Electronics into Haier Smart Home. With unyielding dedication of 100,000
Haier Smart Home innovators around the world, we have delivered more than 110 million unit of home
appliances to consumers worldwide and reported best business result ever, including all-time-high sales
revenue and net profit. By upholding entrepreneurial spirit since day one, we have firmly implemented
strategies of global brand creation, scenario-based innovation, and efficiency enhancement by digitalization.
2021 represents the year when Haier Smart Home made significant progress in fulfilling its mission to
provide customized better living experience for families around the world.

KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
Record-breaking revenue and profit: In 2021, the Company delivered revenue of RMB227.531 billion,
representing 15.8% growth of organic revenue (excluding impact from disposed businesses). Also in 2021,
the Company achieved net profit of RMB13.217 billion, representing an increase of 16.7% as compared to
2020. Net profit attributable to the owner of the parent company was RMB13.067 billion, representing
growth of 47.1% from 2020.

Realizing synergy due to integration with Haier Electronics: The Company’s operational efficiency has
been enhanced. In 2021, selling and distribution expense ratio was 16.1% and administrative expense ratio
was 8.9%, representing optimization of 1.1 and 0.3 percentage points from 2020 on a comparable basis
respectively.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   5
    High quality growth: In 2021, the Company’s cash flow from operating activities was RMB23.130 billion,
    representing increase of RMB5.52 billion from 2020. Net cash flow from operation activities to net profit was
    1.75.

    Efforts to grow overseas business yielding results: Overseas business achieved record-high revenue and
    profitability: overseas revenue reached RMB113.725 billion, a growth of 13.0% from 2020; operating profit
    amounted to RMB5.926 billion, an increase of 48.1% from 2020.

    High-end brands achieved rapid growth: (1) In China, Casarte’s sales revenue crossed RMB10 billion
    mark and reached RMB12.9 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of more than 40%. (2) In the United
    States, our high-end brands Monogram, Café and GE Profile achieved over 40% growth rate.

    Alignment of management and shareholder interests: We for the first time established a global
    management and employee equity incentive scheme based on the Haier Smart Home listed company
    incentive platform, which comprised incentive tools such as restricted stock units and options. These
    performance-based schemes further align interests of our management and shareholders.

    Sustainable long-term development: The Fortune Magazine published the Fortune Global 500 in 2021.
    Haier Smart Home was featured once again, moving up 30 places from 2020. In 2022, Fortune Magazine
    named Haier Smart Home as one of the 2022 World’s Most Admired Companies. The Company was the
    only company outside the United States listed in the Home Equipment and Furnishings category.




6   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                              Letter to Shareholders




Harmonious employee relations: Haier Smart Home made utmost effort to protect the health and safety
of our employees in areas affected by COVID-19, while maintaining our pledge to deliver quality service to
customers. In China, being Haier Smart Home’s home market, not a single employee’s living or health
suffered due to the pandemic. In the United States, the largest overseas market of our company, GE
Appliances was among the top 20 in the 2021 list of Healthiest 100 Workplaces in America and came
second as The Employers with the Healthiest Work Environment of Kentucky in 2021.

Remarkable results in technological progress: Haier Smart Home Air Conditioning, together with other
R&D institutes, won the “National Award for Science and Technology Progress Second Grade” prize in
November 2021 for the development of the “Theory of Building Thermal Environment and related Key
Technologies for Green Construction”. As China’s most acclaimed technology award, the National Award for
Science and Technology Progress recognizes major technological breakthroughs and creative contributions
by Chinese people and organizations in various fields.

According to the ‘2021 Global Smart Home Invention Patent Top100’ released by IPRdaily, Haier Smart
Home occupied the first place with 4,535 published patent applications in 2021. In the same year, GEA was
named the ‘Smart Home Appliance Company of the Year’ by IoT Breakthrough for the fourth consecutive
year in the United States.

GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES AND STRATEGIC INITIATIVES
Achievements of 2021 are behind us. In 2022, we may face challenges such as declining demand in China’s
real estate market, elevated international shipping costs and high commodity prices. However, the Company
will remain proactive and fully committed to achieving rapid growth in 2022, with growth coming from
capturing leadership positions in categories with high growth potential, as well as from innovating service
models and creating new revenue stream surrounding Haier Smart Home’s loyal user base.

The Company currently operates three main categories of products — 1) major home appliances including
refrigerators, washing machines, kitchen appliances; 2) heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC)
category including air conditioners, water heaters and water purifiers; and 3) small home appliances.
Consumer preference and technological trends relating to these three categories are different. At this stage,
Haier Smart Home’s market positions and competitive edge also vary in these three areas. However, we will
pool necessary resources, including talents and funds, to tackle our weakness and support high-quality
sustainable development in the next three years.

Since the outbreak of the pandemic in 2020, consumers’ expectations for home living experience have
become higher and higher. Their demand for better health, food freshness preservation, nutrition and IoT
have ceaselessly propelled the innovation of kitchen appliances. In 2021, the unit price of refrigerator and
kitchen appliances has recorded material surge, exhibiting an increasingly obvious trend in product upgrade.
Haier Smart Home’s comprehensive brand portfolio and proactive innovation based on consumer insights
have allowed us to deliver more competitive refrigerators and kitchen appliances, thereby achieving growth
rate double that of the worldwide industry. Global R&D platform of Haier’s refrigerator has provided support
to the rapid growth of refrigerators in the European and Australian markets, while the solid competitive edge
of GEA and FPA kitchen appliances have continuously strengthened the competitiveness of kitchen
appliances in the China market. All of these demonstrate Haier Smart Home’s competitive edge in global
product R&D and operation system.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   7
    In terms of clothing caring, the Company’s product range and technologies portfolio are a long way ahead
    of our competitors. High-end products such as the Gemini two-in-one washing and drying machine have
    been highly recognized by the market, which enable us to cement a leading position in the market segment.
    Great user reputation and strong R&D capabilities of Haier’s washing machine have enabled us to make
    breakthrough in the dryer market in China in 2021, recording a revenue increase of 203% and topping the
    industry in terms of market share. In the United States, the sales volume of large volume front-loads washing
    machine which was created with our integrated global R&D resources has reached 550,000 units in 2021,
    representing growth exceeding 30% as compared to 2020.

    Having established a leading market position in the categories of kitchen taste and clothing caring, Haier
    Smart Home’s plan for the next three years is to further expand our leading edge, increase our market share
    and profit margins in various markets around the globe.

    For the HVAC and water appliances businesses, such categories require professional interior finish
    installation and have a longer replacement cycle. The core competitive elements lie in whole supply chain
    cost competitiveness and technical consistency, as well as support by professional channel. In 2021, the
    Company achieved a market share of over 40% for electric water heaters, and the revenue of gas water
    heaters recorded a year-on-year increase of 51%. We have also gained further market share in the highly
    fragmented gas water heater market. Consistent investments in combustion technology, sterilization materials
    and energy efficiency technology have enabled us to have the largest market share in water heater business
    in China. In the United States, GEA’s water heater plant in South Carolina is also going to deliver
    high-quality gas water heater products to American consumers.




8   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
The Company came in third place in China’s domestic air conditioning market, with market share increased
by more than 2 percentage points in 2021. In the commercial air conditioning market, with our magnetic
bearing compressor technology solution which has the technological advantages of high energy efficiency,
low operating costs and minimal noise, we have achieved 50% market share in this sub-segment. In 2022,
the Company will ramp up investments in the core components of the air conditioning industry and develop
distributor channels in collaboration with other internal businesses such as the water heater business, so as
to realize large-scale and high-quality growth of our air conditioning business.

After preparing for half a year, we announced in late 2021 the investment plan for launching a small home
appliance business division to further invest in emerging categories of home appliances, such as cleaning
appliances, small kitchen appliances, and personal care gadgets. The small home appliance industry is
having three favorable growth drivers — technological upgrade, smart interconnection, and innovative
experience. It is also becoming an industry with a global integrated supply chain, with majority of production
based in China. Meanwhile, small home appliances are becoming smarter. For example, in the field of
vacuuming robots, sensors, scenarios, and interactions produce wealth of data, which enable replacement of
manual labor by automatic cleaning. Blending of innovative experience with technological breakthrough has
redefined a new market for automatic vacuuming robots and automatic floor cleaners, ushering the industry
into a stage of rapid growth.

Through focused investment in categories with high growth potential, I believe Haier Smart Home can
become one of the key players in the thriving small home appliance market. This business line may
potentially contribute 10% of the Company’s revenue in the next three years and can become a crucial part
of Haier Smart Home’s smart home scenarios. The development of small home appliance business will ride
on Haier’s brand strength, global scale, in-depth user insight and product definition capabilities, and will take
the form of a jointly built ecosystem alliance, accelerating its development through collaborations. Haier
Smart Home will make full use of China’s ample manufacturing capacity of small home appliances and pull
together global technological resources to provide users around the world with healthy, smart, and joyful
consumption experience with small home appliances.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   9
     Haier Smart Home will fully leverage the benefits of globalization. In China, we intend to further capture
     growth opportunities arising from market consolidation in all categories. In the United States, strong
     momentum in the real estate market and infrastructure construction will power home appliance consumption.
     In Europe and other markets, we have great potential to increase market shares in various product
     categories.

     EXECUTIONAL ENABLERS：LEVERAGE STRENGTH AND ATTACK
     WEAKNESS
     Growth does not come out of thin air. The realization of growth depends on the enduring pursuit of the
     Company’s mission by all Haier makers as well as our forward-looking and sustainable business model. As
     a Fortune Global 500 company, Haier Smart Home is always ambitious. Our culture and management
     system encourage all management staff and employees to push through their own limits and take on
     challenges. Merely following market average growth demonstrates incompetence.

     In 2022 and years to come, we may still live in an era when human co-exists with COVID-19 and global
     macro-economic environment becomes more volatile. The pandemic has had a significant impact on the
     home appliance industry. It has changed the operating environment of enterprises, people’s mode of
     working, and consumers’ shopping patterns. It has also accelerated technology advancement and
     application of information technology, and digitalization reshaped operation model of businesses. Enterprises
     that strive to adapt to this environment will become more resilient and capable of gaining the trust of




10   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
broader users. Meanwhile, shareholders, employees, customers, communities and governments in both China
and other regions expect enterprises to shoulder more social responsibilities and promote sustainable
economic development. In my opinion, by adhering to our strategies of global brand creation, localized
operations, hyper-focus on user experience, and persisting in process reengineering by digitalization, Haier
Smart Home will become more resilient in coping with challenges due to volatile economic climate, while
paving a solid foundation for sustainable growth.

Haier has implemented localized operations in major markets around the world with majority of products sold
in regional markets coming from local production with the dedication of local employees and by encouraging
continued investment in local communities. For larger markets such as the United States, Japan, and India,
we are widely recognized as a local corporate citizen who have made significant contribution to the
respective local community. GE Appliances, a wholly owned subsidiary of Haier in the United States, has
been the largest investor in the local United States appliance industry for the past five years. Since Haier’s
acquisition of GE Appliances, we have supported its expansion of local supply chain, built new factory, and
increased local investment. In the past five years, 3,000 new jobs have been created with new investment
exceeding USD 2 billion. By bringing Haier’s local brands closer to consumers and integrating them into the
local community, while taking advantage of the parent company’s technological and operating platforms,
such a business model will help us avoid adverse impacts such as trade barriers and obtain more
sustainable competitive advantages.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   11
     Letter to Shareholders




     Haier Smart Home has implemented a global high-end brand creation strategy and strives to gain a
     prominent position in the high-end market. The reason why we maintain focus on the high-end market is our
     belief that fulfilling the ultimate experience of consumers is the driving force of our Company’s progress.
     Home appliances are not only functional but could also be artistic, aesthetic, and technological. For
     example, we have launched a zero-distance built-in refrigerator in line with the trend of home appliance and
     home furnishing integration, and introduced novel product such as the “Zhongzihemei” (中 子 和 美) laundry
     combo which can perform three functions of washing, drying and fabric caring within one machine. High-end
     brand strategy also enables us to generate greater user value to offset the adverse impacts from commodity
     and labor costs.

     The Company’s leading position in the field of major home appliances is not only measured by market
     share, but also its dedicated attention to customer experience, which creates one generation of exquisite
     and amazing products after another. The key lies in the coordination between the systems of product
     innovation and customer interaction. Since our establishment, we have been focusing on what our
     customers desire, creating standards for quality and services in China. Consumers’ recognition is Haier’s
     achievement. Such value system is not merely slogan but has deeply fused into the ideology of top
     management and front-line personnel. Going forward, more and more interactions will take place on
     e-commerce channels and online communities. In addition to humanized face-to-face channels, we will
     strengthen digital marketing and develop a big data interactive system for countless users.

     Cloud computing, big data and IoT offer endless possibilities for more agile and intelligent enterprise
     operations in the future, and Haier Smart Home should also evolve to adapt. In 2022, we will strive to
     promote processes reengineering driven by digitalization and press forward with the optimization of
     operational efficiency from digitalization of R&D and design, logistics and service processes, and
     interconnected factories. Haier Smart Home’s key process reengineering project in 2022 aims to realize
     digitalization of inventory management in the entire end-to-end supply chain process and optimize the
     allocation of working capital.

     ENTERING 2022 WITH HIGH CONFIDENCE
     The market often believes it will become increasingly difficult for leading enterprises to maintain relatively high
     growth in a mature industry such as home appliances. But I am optimistic that Haier Smart Home will enjoy
     unique growth opportunities. To begin with, our strategic planning and core competencies are highly aligned,
     with the management of Haier Smart Home adhering to the original vision of Haier’s first-generation
     entrepreneurs like never before. In other words, all Haier makers are to promise global consumers a
     wonderful home life beyond their imagination, and to become their most reliable partner for designing and
     serving their home requirements and creating smart experiences.




12   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                Letter to Shareholders




Furthermore, technological advances are driving the home appliances industry to become an increasingly
imaginative sector. All Haier team members around the world expect to participate in and influence this
historic process of innovation. Mankind was first freed from chores by washing machine. Large refrigerators
not only keep our food fresh, but also save the need for frequent shopping trips, then there is the ideal air
environment that we can enjoy. Coming up next, the integration of technology and scenarios will become a
stronger driving force. Oven and pre-prepared meal enable consumers to enjoy cuisine of master chef’s
quality at home, and consumer robots will take care of cleaning and food preparation. Technology will enrich
our lives in ways beyond our expectations. Consumers be it Chinese, American or European will love and
embrace the excitement brought by technologically advanced home appliances. Haier Smart Home’s mission
is to elevate to a whole new level through creating products and innovating services, providing consumers
iterative upgrades of products and service experience that integrate technological innovation, personalized
services, and smart home scenarios.

In 2022, we will rise to the future challenges and make our way through an ever-changing landscape. Ahead
of us is a challenging, long-term, and fruitful journey, while our ride to the future gives all of us at Haier a
chance to carry out our mission and contribute to the well-being of all stakeholders. Lastly, I would like to
thank our users around the world for choosing Haier and all our shareholders for their trust in Haier Smart
Home.




                                                                                       Liang Haishan
                                                                                   Chairman of the Board
                                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   13
     Directors, Supervisors and
     Senior Management


     The directors, supervisors and senior management of the Group during the year, and the directors at the
     reporting date are as follows:

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. LIANG Haishan (“Mr. LIANG”), aged 55, has been the Chairman of the Board since April 2013 and an
     Executive Director of the Company since June 2007. He also currently serves as the deputy chairman of the
     board of directors of Haier Group Corporation (and together with its subsidiaries hereafter “Haier Group”),
     president of Haier Group, and director of certain subsidiaries of Haier Group and of our Group. He was
     appointed as a non-executive director of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. (“Haier Electronics”, a listed
     company of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”), stock code:
     1169 which was privatized and delisted on 23 December 2020) since November 2009.

     Mr. LIANG has over 20 years of experience in the manufacture of household electrical appliances,
     particularly in raw material procurement function and white goods business. His primary working experience
     includes: serving as the head of the quality department of Qingdao Haier Refrigerator Co., Ltd., our
     predecessor entity, from August 1993 to August 1994; serving as the general manager of Qingdao Haier Air
     Conditioner Gen Corp., Ltd. from October 1995 to August 1999; successively serving as an executive
     director of Haier Electronics from December 2001 to November 2009; serving as the Vice Chairman of the
     Board from June 2007 to April 2013; serving as the general manager of the Company from June 2007 to
     April 2019.

     Mr. LIANG obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Industry, and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from
     Xi’an Jiaotong University in Xi’an, the PRC in July 1988 and December 2009, respectively. Mr. LIANG was
     named one of the Top 10 Leaders in China Strategic Emerging Industries (十 大 中 國 戰 略 性 新 興 產 業 領 軍 人
     物 獎) by China Strategic Emerging Industry Development Forum (中 國 戰 略 性 新 興 產 業 發 展 論 壇) in May
     2012 and obtained the Outstanding Leadership Award of the National Light Industry Enterprise Information
     (全 國 輕 工 業 企 業 信 息 化 優 秀 領 導 獎) from the China Light Industry Federation (中 國 輕 工 業 聯 合 會) in
     September 2012. He also received the Prize of Technology Advancement for China Household Appliances in
     October 2013, the 2017 Forbes China Best CEO of Listed Company in July 2017, and the 2017 Taishan
     Industry Leading Talent of Shandong Province in December 2017.

     Mr. LI Huagang (“Mr. LI”), aged 52, has been an Executive Director of the Company since June 2019 and
     the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since April 2019. Mr. LI has served as the chief marketing
     officer of PRC Region of the Company since December 2015, mainly responsible for promoting brand
     upgrade and channel optimisation strategy for on line business and off line domestic business of the
     Company. Mr. LI currently serves as a director of various subsidiaries of our Group, including, among
     others, Qingdao Haier Appliances Sales Services Company Limited. Mr. LI has over 25 years of experience
     in the industry of manufacture, sales and marketing of household electrical appliances and corporate
     management. Mr. LI joined Haier Group in July 1991 and had since then had held various senior positions in
     the sales and marketing functions of Haier Group. Mr. LI also served as the chief operating officer and chief
     executive officer of Haier Electronics from November 2009 to March 2014 and from August 2017 to March
     2019, respectively.




14   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                           Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. LI obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Economics in technology and economy from Huazhong University of
Science and Technology in Wuhan, the PRC in July 1991, and a Master’s degree of Business Administration
(part-time) from the China Europe International Business School in Shanghai, the PRC in January 2014.

Mr. XIE Juzhi (“Mr. XIE”), aged 55, has been appointed as an Executive Director of the Company since
5 March 2021. Mr. XIE graduated from Shandong University of Finance and Economics in July 1989 with a
bachelor’s degree, and joined Haier Group Corporation in the same year. Mr. XIE has experience in whole-
process product management, product-wide services and product-wide marketing. Mr. XIE had held senior
positions in Electrothermal Division of the Haier Group Corporation and East China Marketing and Promotion
Division of the Haier Group Corporation, and served as the Corporate General Manager of the Customer
Services of the Haier Group Corporation since August 2002. Since July 2012, he has been the Vice
President of Haier Group Corporation, and he has been in charge of Haier Group Corporation’s integration
of community sales services in first and second-tier cities, and developing the online and offline sales of new
household products. From December 2015 to date, he has been managing the newly developed business
segments of Haier Group Corporation, including water purification, logistics, Haier home and Gooday
services and has started to concurrently manage the water heater business since 2019. He was appointed
as the Chief Executive Officer and an Executive Director of Haier Electronics since 27 March 2019. Mr. XIE
currently serves as a director of various subsidiaries of our Group. Mr. XIE was awarded honorary titles
including the Gold Award of Outstanding Contribution Award of China’s Home Appliance Services Industry
(中 國 家 電 服 務 行 業 突 出 貢 獻 獎 金 獎) and Outstanding Entrepreneur of Shandong Province (山東省優秀企業
家).

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. TAN Lixia (“Ms. TAN”), aged 51, currently served as the director of Haier Group Corporation, and was
a Non-executive Director of the Company from May 2008 to March 2021 and the Vice Chairwoman of the
Board from June 2010 to March 2021. She also currently serves as the chairwoman of board of directors of
Qingdao Haier Biomedical Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
688139)) since July 2018. Ms. TAN also serves as a non-executive director of Bank of Qingdao Co., Ltd. (a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 03866) and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
(stock code: 002948)) since April 2012, the chairwoman of board of directors of INKON Life Technology Co.,
Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300143)) since May 2019 and a non-
executive director of China International Capital Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange (stock code: 03908)) since February 2020.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   15
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. TAN graduated from Central Institute of Finance and Banking (中 央 財 政 金 融 學 院, now known as
     Central University of Finance and Economics) in Beijing, the PRC, majoring in agricultural finance and credit,
     and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in June 1992. She obtained a Master’s degree of Business Administration
     (part-time) from the China Europe International Business School in Shanghai, the PRC upon completion of
     the Executive Master of Business Administration (“EMBA”) programme in September 2010. She has been
     studying in the Global Finance Doctorate programme (part-time) at Wudaokou School of Finance of Tsinghua
     University in Beijing, the PRC since July 2016. Ms. TAN is among the first badge of Superior Management
     Accountants (特級管理會計師) accredited by China Association of Chief Accountants in April 2019. Ms. TAN
     was accredited as a Certified Public Accountant by the Australian Society of Certified Public Accountants in
     December 2015. She is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) and was
     designated as a Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) in September 2013. She has been a
     member of the 12th session of executive committee of the All-China Women’s Federation since November
     2018. Ms. TAN was titled a Model Worker of Shandong Province (山 東 省 勞 動 模 範) by Shandong Provincial
     Party Committee and Provincial Government in April 2013, a National Outstanding Entrepreneur (全國優秀企
     業 家) by China Enterprise Federation and China Entrepreneurs Association in June 2014, one of the China
     Top Ten Women in Economic Area (中國十大經濟女性年度人物) in January 2006 and the China CFO of the
     Year (中 國 總 會 計 師 年 度 人 物) in November 2006.

     Mr. WU Changqi (“Mr. WU”), aged 66, has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since April 2013.
     He is currently the director of Guanghua Leadership Institute (光 華 領 導 力 研 究 中 心) of Peking University
     since March 2011 and the president of Academy of Development Strategy for National High-Tech Industry
     Zones, Peking University (北 京 大 學 國 家 高 新 技 術 產 業 開 發 區 發 展 戰 略 研 究 院) since June 2011. Mr. WU
     currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Yijiahe Technology Co., Ltd. (億 嘉 和 科 技 股 份
     有 限 公 司, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603666)) since August 2016, an
     independent director of Tianneng Co., Ltd. (天能電池集團股份有限公司, a company listed on the Shanghai
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 688819)) since February 2019, and an independent non-executive director of
     Shenwan Hongyuan Group Co., Ltd.(申萬宏源集團股份有限公司, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 06806) and Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000166)) since May 2021.
     Mr. WU has over 25 years of experience in research and studies in high-tech industry, business
     administration and corporate management. Mr. WU’s previous working experience primarily include: serving
     as an assistant professor and associate professor of the Department of Economics of School of Business
     and Management of Hong Kong University of Science and Technology from September 1991 to August
     2001; a professor of Guanghua School of Management of Peking University from September 2001 to July
     2018; a director of the Department of Strategic Management of Guanghua School of Management of Peking
     University from September 2001 to December 2010; a director of the EMBA degree programme centre of
     Guanghua School of Management of Peking University from August 2002 to December 2010; a deputy dean
     of Guanghua School of Management of Peking University from February 2003 to December 2010; and an
     independent director of Beijing Electronic Zone High-tech Group Co., Ltd. (北京電子城高科技集團股份有限
     公 司) (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600658)) from December 2012 to
     June 2019.

     Mr. WU obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Economics in political economics from Shandong University in
     Jinan, the PRC in July 1982, and a Master’s degree of Business Administration in February 1986 and a
     Doctoral degree in applied economics from Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in Belgium in October 1990.

     For further details please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 14 February 2022 in relation to a
     regulatory announcement dated 10 February 2022 issued by The Hong Kong Stock Exchange in relation to,
     among others, the disciplinary action taken by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange against Beijing Media
     Corporation Limited (stock code: 1000) and its directors and supervisors (including, among others, Mr. WU).




16   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                          Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. LIN Sui (“Mr. LIN”), aged 64, has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since June 2019.
Mr. LIN joined Deloitte & Touche as a tax consultant in January 1993. He was transferred to Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu China in January 2002 and served as a partner in Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu China from
June 2002 to May 2019, during which he also served as a board member of the Deloitte China practice
between September 2008 and May 2012. Mr. LIN is an external master’s tutor of School of Economics,
Fudan University since 2012, an external master’s tutor of School of Public Economics and Administration,
Shanghai University of Finance and Economics since 2008. Mr. LIN has around 30 years of experience in
accounting, tax and corporate management.

Mr. LIN obtained a Master’s degree of Business Administration in Accounting and a Master’s degree of
Science in Taxation from Baruch College of The City University of New York, the United States in December
1992 and May 1996, respectively. Mr. LIN is a Certified Public Accountant of New York State, the United
States of America, and a member of American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. YU Hon To, David (“Mr. YU”), aged 74, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the
Company since 5 March 2021. Mr. YU holds a Bachelor of Social Science degree from The Chinese
University of Hong Kong. Mr. YU is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales
and an Associate Member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is a chartered
accountant with over 40 years’ experience in the fields of auditing, corporate finance (including advisory on
IPO, mergers & acquisitions and financial restructuring), financial investigation and corporate governance.
Mr. YU was formerly a partner of Coopers & Lybrand (now merged as PricewaterhouseCoopers) in Hong
Kong with extensive experience in the corporate finance advisory assignments in Greater China for Hong
Kong corporations, private equity groups and multinationals. Mr. YU also served as an independent
non-executive director and the chairman of the audit committee of Haier Electronics, a subsidiary of the
Company, till its privatization on December 2020.

Mr. YU had served various public offices including being a member of the Listing Committee of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange from 1992 to 1995, a member of the Investment Committee and the Audit Committee
of Employees Retraining Board (established under the Employees Retraining Ordinance of Hong Kong) from
1999 to 2020, and a member of the Board of Review (established under Inland Revenue Ordinance of Hong
Kong) from 2006 to 2012. Mr. YU is currently an independent non-executive director of several other
companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, namely One Media Group Limited (stock code: 426),
Playmates Toys Limited (stock code: 869), China Resources Gas Group Limited (stock code: 1193), Keck
Seng Investments (Hong Kong) Limited (stock code: 184) and MS Group Holdings Limited (stock code:
1451).




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   17
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (name that also commonly used is “Mrs. Eva CHENG LI Kam Fun”) (“Ms. Eva LI Kam
     Fun”), aged 69, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company since 5 March 2021.
     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun graduated from the University of Hong Kong with Bachelor of Arts (Hons) and Master
     of Business Administration degrees. She was conferred with the degree of Doctor of Business
     Administration, honoris causa, from the Open University of Hong Kong in 2014. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun is
     currently the president of Our Hong Kong Foundation. She also serves as an independent non-executive
     director of Nestle S.A, a publicly listed company on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun also
     served as an independent non-executive director of Haier Electronics, a subsidiary of the Company, till its
     privatization on December 2020. Prior to joining the Our Hong Kong Foundation, Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun had a
     distinguished career that spanned 34 years with Amway Corporation. When she retired in 2011, she held the
     concurrent positions of Executive Vice President of Amway Corporation and Executive Chairman of Amway
     China Co. Ltd. responsible for Amway Greater China & Southeast Asia Region. During the last three years,
     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun had also been an independent non-executive director of Amcor Limited (a company
     listed on the Australian Securities Exchange) from 2014 to 2019, and an independent non-executive director
     of Trinity Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) (Stock Code:
     891) from 2011 to 2020. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun’s leadership was well recognised in the business community.
     She was twice named the “World’s 100 Most Powerful Women” by Forbes Magazine in 2008 and 2009.
     CNBC awarded Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun with the “China Talent Management Award” in its 2007 China Business
     Leaders Awards. In the areas of public and social service, Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun is a member of Hong Kong
     Election Committee (2021–2025), deputy secretary-general of the Hong Kong Coalition, council member of
     the Chinese Association of Hong Kong & Macao Studies, honorary president of the All-China Women’s
     Federation, honorary president of the Hong Kong Federation of Women, permanent honorary director of The
     Chinese General Chamber of Commerce, court member of the Open University of Hong Kong, and a
     member of the Xiqu Centre advisory panel of West Kowloon Cultural District Authority.

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. DAI Deming (“Mr. DAI”), aged 59, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
     since June 2015, and retired as the director of the Company on 25 June 2021. Mr. DAI currently serves as
     a professor and doctoral supervisor of the department of accounting of Renmin University of China since
     July 1996 and January 1997, respectively. He also serves as an independent director in the following
     companies: BOC Aviation Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code:
     02588)) since May 2016, CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
     (stock code: 06066) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601066)) since August 2016, Power
     Construction Corporation of China (中 國 電 力 建 設 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 601669)) since March 2018, and Poly Developments And Holdings Group Co., Ltd.
     (保利發展控股集團股份有限公司, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600048))
     since September 2018. Mr. DAI has over 20 years of experience in accounting, finance and corporate
     management.

     Mr. DAI obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Economics in industry finance and accounting from Hunan Institute
     of Finance and Economics (currently known as Hunan University) in Changsha, the PRC in July 1983, a
     Master’s degree of Economics in accounting from Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics (currently
     known as Zhongnan University of Economics and Law in Wuhan, the PRC) in October 1986, and a Doctoral
     degree of Economics from Renmin University of China in Beijing, the PRC in June 1991.




18   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (“Mr. CHIEN”), aged 68, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
Company since June 2019. He currently serves as a director of ENN Group Co., Ltd. Mr. CHIEN has over
15 years of experience in business administration and corporate management. Mr. CHIEN worked for over
10 years at International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”) group of companies until 2015, achieving
various senior management roles before his retirement by the end of 2015. In addition to his experience in
business corporations, Mr. CHIEN has served as a professor of Management Practice and a member of the
Teaching Steering Committee of the third session of the Executive Education Project at the School of
Business of Renmin University of China since January 2019.

Mr. CHIEN received a Bachelor of Science from the Department of Mathematics of Tamkang College of Arts
and Science (currently known as Tamkang University of Taiwan) in June 1975.

Mr. WONG Hak Kun (“Mr. WONG”), aged 65, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
Company since June 2020. He currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Yue Yuen
Industrial Holdings (Limited) (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00551))
since June 2018, an independent non-executive director of Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited (a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00255)) since June 2018, an independent
non-executive director of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange (stock code: 02238) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601238)) since May
2020, and an independent non-executive director of Hangzhou SF Intra-City Industrial Co., Ltd (a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock code: 9699)) since November 2021. During the past three
years, He was also an independent non-executive director of Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company
Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01743)). Mr. WONG has over 35
years of experience in auditing, assurance and management. Mr. WONG worked in Deloitte China from July
1980 to May 2017, during which he was a partner since 1992. Mr. WONG also served as a member of
Deloitte China’s Governance Board from June 2000 to May 2008. Prior to his retirement from Deloitte China
in May 2017, he was Deloitte China’s National Managing Partner of Audit & Assurance.

Mr. WONG received a Bachelor’s degree of social science from the University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong
in November 1980. He is an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA)
since December 1983, an associate of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) since
September 1983, an associate of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in United
Kingdom since April 1984, and an associate of the Chartered Institute Management Accountants (CIMA)
since June 1990.

Mr. LI Shipeng (“Mr. LI”), aged 55, has been appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the
Company since 5 March 2021. Mr. LI holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree from University of Science
and Technology of China, and a PhD degree from Lehigh University, USA. Mr. LI has extensive experience in
areas such as Internet of Things technology, and artificial intelligence. Mr. LI is currently the Director of the
Intelligence Application of Suzhou Industrial Technology Research Institute. Prior to that, he served as the
Chief Researcher and Deputy Dean of Microsoft Research Asia, Chief Technology Officer of Cogobuy Group,
Vice President of iFlytek Group, and the Executive President of Shenzhen Institute of Artificial Intelligence
and Robotics.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   19
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. LI is a member of the International Eurasian Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the International
     Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE fellow). He was listed as one of the world’s top 1,000
     computer scientists by Guide2Research and ranked top 20 in Mainland China in 2020. Mr. LI is a renowned
     expert in areas such internet, computer vision, cloud computing, Internet of Things and artificial intelligence.

     Mr. WU Qi (“Mr. WU Qi”), aged 54, has been appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the
     Company since 25 June 2021. Mr. WU Qi graduated from Zhejiang University with a Bachelor’s degree
     majoring in national economic management in 1990, thereafter he graduated from Renmin University of China
     with an on-the-job Master’s degree majoring in Money and Banking in 1995 and China Europe International
     Business School with an EMBA in 2002, respectively. He has 25 years of work and management experience
     in world-class management and consulting companies. He is currently a senior consultant for Foxconn’s D
     sub-business group strategy and intelligent manufacturing and a consultant of Xnode, a famous accelerator
     for startups. He served as the vice president (Global) and vice chairman (Greater China) of Accenture, and
     the chairman of Shun Zhe Technology Development Co., Ltd. He was a member and the president (Greater
     China) of Roland Berger’s Global Management Committee, a member of Roland Berger’s Global Supervisory
     Board, and non-executive director of Grinm Advanced Materials Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai
     Stock Exchange, stock code: 600206.SH) (resigned in April 2018). He was awarded 2015 Outstanding
     Talent in Jing’an District, Shanghai. Mr. WU Qi’s past experience in consulting industry involves
     transportation/logistics, high-tech manufacturing, tourism, finance, consumer goods, real estate, government
     departments and other industries. His has extensive experience in fields such as development strategy,
     organizational change, sales and brand strategy, corporate innovation, digital transformation and intelligent
     manufacturing, post-merger integration, regional industrial and economic development and upgrading. He is
     a well-known expert in Industry 4.0, transportation and regional planning and development in the PRC. He
     served as a consultant for Hangzhou Bay Development Planning, a member of the Intelligent Manufacturing
     Expert Committee of the Shenzhen Municipal Government, deputy head of the 13th Five-Year Planning
     Expert Committee of Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, vice chairman of China Cold Chain Alliance and other
     social positions.

     SUPERVISORS
     Mr. WANG Peihua (“Mr. WANG”), aged 64, has been the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the
     Company since June 2010, and retired as a Supervisor of the Company on 25 June 2021. He currently
     serves as the head of the Organisation Department of Haier Group since October 2015. Mr. WANG joined
     Haier Group in November 1991 and has held various positions in Haier Group, including serving as the
     general manager of Wuhan Haier Electric Co., Ltd., the director of the direct business department of Haier
     Washing Machine and the deputy secretary of the Party Committee and the deputy director of Haier Group
     Air-Conditioner Head Office (海 爾 集 團 空 調 本 部), Haier Group Freezer & Heater Head Office (海 爾 集 團 冷 櫃
     電 熱 本 部) and Washing Machine Head Office (洗 衣 機 本 部) from March 1990 to December 1994, from
     December 1997 to June 1999 and from June 1999 to March 2000, respectively. He served as the chairman
     of the Labour Union of Haier Group Technology and Equipment Head Office (海 爾 集 團 技 術 裝 備 本 部) from
     May 2002 to October 2013 and the deputy secretary of Discipline Inspection Committee of Haier Group
     from February 2010 to September 2015.




20   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                          Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. WANG graduated from the Party and Political Cadre Basic Division of Shandong Radio and TV
University in Jinan, the PRC in October 1987. He also obtained a business administration training certificate
after completing the Chinese Entrepreneur EMBA Special Correspondence Courses (中 國 企 業 家EMBA特 訓
函 授 班) of the SME International Cooperation Association (中 小 企 業 國 際 合 作 促 進 會) in November 2002.
Mr. WANG passed the PRC bar exam and obtained the PRC lawyer qualification (non-practising) certificate
in January 1990. He obtained the qualification of senior political analyst from Qualification Evaluation
Committee for Senior Professional Posts of Qingdao Ideological and Political Workers (青 島 市 思 想 政 治 工 作
人 員 高 級 專 業 職 務 任 職 資 格 評 審 委 員 會) in December 2004.

Mr. MING Guoqing (“Mr. MING”), aged 60, has been a Supervisor of the Company since June 2007, and
retired as a Supervisor of the Company on 25 June 2021. He served as the vice chairman of the Labour
Union of Haier Group from November 2006 to June 2013 and has served as the chairman of the Labour
Union of Haier Group since June 2013. Mr. MING joined Haier Group in December 1986 and has held
various positions in Haier Group, including successively serving as the deputy leader of the automobile team
and the deputy secretary of Discipline Inspection Committee of Qingdao Refrigerator General Factory from
December 1986 to June 1993; the secretary of the Party Committee and the vice manager of Qingdao Haier
Transportation Company (青 島 海 爾 運 輸 公 司) from June 1993 to December 1994; the head of the No. 2
Refrigerator Factory, the deputy head of the Organisation Division, the chairman of the Labour Union and the
head of the General Department of our Company from December 1994 to November 2006; the deputy
secretary of the Party committee, the secretary of Discipline Inspection Committee, the chairman of the
Labour Union and the head of the General Department of Haier Refrigerator Products Head Office (海 爾 冰
箱 產 品 本 部) from March 2000 to November 2006.

Mr. MING graduated from PLA Automobile Management School (currently known as PLA Automobile
Management College (中 國 人 民 解 放 軍 汽 車 管 理 學 院)) in Bengbu, the PRC in July 1982. He also studied
(part-time) in law major at the undergraduate class of the CPC Party School of Shandong Province in Jinan,
the PRC from September 2006 to December 2008. He obtained the qualification of senior political analyst
from Qualification Evaluation Committee for Senior Professional Posts of Qingdao Ideological and Political
Workers (青 島 市 思 想 政 治 工 作 人 員 高 級 專 業 職 務 任 職 資 格 評 審 委 員 會) in December 2010. Mr. MING was
accredited as an “National Outstanding Labour Union Practitioner (全 國 優 秀 工 會 工 作 者)” by All-China
Federation of Trade Unions in December 2015.

Mr. LIU Dalin (“Mr. LIU”), aged 41, has been the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company
since 25 June 2021. He holds master’s degree in business administration from Renmin University of China.
He is a senior engineer. From August 2005 to September 2010, he served as a designer of water heater
department at Haier Group, an assistant R&D engineer, a R&D engineer and a R&D manager of the electric
heating department of Haier Group successively. From September 2010 to October 2015, he was the
deputy secretary of the Youth League Committee of Haier Group. From October 2015 to October 2020, he
was the deputy secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of Haier Group. From October 2020 to date, he has
been serving as the executive deputy secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of Haier Group.

Ms. MA Yingjie (“Ms. MA”), aged 52, has been a Supervisor of the Company since 25 June 2021. She is
an assistant officer specialising on society matters. She once served as the secretary of the Youth League
Committee of the Company, the secretary of the trade union of the Company, the contact person of the
customer service department of Qingdao Haier Dishwasher Co., Ltd. Currently, she is the head of Society
and Community department of the Company.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   21
      Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




      Mr. YU Miao (“Mr. YU”), aged 38, has been an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since
      January 2019. He joined our Company in April 2012 and has since then served as the legal manager of our
      Company, mainly in charge of management of legal affairs.

      Mr. YU obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Law from Jinan University in Jinan, the PRC in July 2005, and a
      Master’s degree of Law in economics law from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in Dalian, the
      PRC in December 2008. Mr. YU passed the PRC bar exam and obtained the PRC lawyer qualification
      (non-practising) certificate in February 2008.

      SENIOR MANAGEMENT
      Mr. LI Huagang. See “EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS”.

      Mr. GONG Wei (“Mr. GONG”), aged 47, Vice-president, has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
      since January 2010 and a Vice General Manager of the Company since April 2013. Mr. GONG joined our
      Group in July 1994, and has held various positions, including successively serving as the head of finance of
      Haier Refrigerator Co., Ltd. from July 1994 to August 1999; the financial manager of Haier Northern China
      Business Development Division (海 爾 商 流 華 北 事 業 部) from August 1999 to March 2001; the chief financial
      officer of Haier White Goods Group (海 爾 白 電 集 團) from April 2001 to June 2008.

      Mr. GONG obtained a Master’s degree of EMBA from the University of International Business and
      Economics in Beijing, the PRC in December 2011. He was granted honorary titles such as “Labour Model of
      Qingdao City (2012–2014)” in 2015 and “National Outstanding Accounting Workers (全 國 優 秀 會 計 工 作 者)”
      in December 2005, and was accredited as one of the Top Ten CFOs in China by “New Money” Magazine
     《 (新 理 財 雜 誌》) in April 2012. Mr. GONG was admitted as a fellow of The Chartered Institute of
      Management Accountants in March 2020.

      Ms. MING Guozhen (“Ms. MING”), aged 57, has been a Vice General Manager of the Company since May
      2008 and the Board Secretary since April 2009. Ms. MING also currently serves as a director of Qingdao
      Huaqiao Industrial Co., Ltd. since July 2008. Ms. MING joined Haier in August 2007 and served as the
      business director and merger & acquisition director of the Haier Asset Operation Division (海爾資產運營事業
      部) from August 2007 to May 2008. Prior to that, her previous working experience primarily includes: serving
      as a lecturer of investment department and a deputy director of the Teaching and Research Office of
      investment department of China Institute of Finance and Banking (中國金融學院) from July 1986 to January
      1992; successively serving as salesman, manager, assistant to the general manager in Everbright Bank of
      China International Trust and Investment Corp. (中 國 光 大 國 際 信 託 投 資 公 司) from January 1992 to
      September 1998; serving as the vice president of Everbright International Investment Consulting Corporation
      (光 大 國 際 投 資 諮 詢 公 司) from October 1998 to December 2000; serving as director of the general office of
      Analyst Professional Committee (分 析 師 專 業 委 員 會), deputy director of the department of association
      qualification management (協 會 資 格 管 理 部) and deputy director of Association Practitioner Standard
      Committee (協 會 執 業 標 準 委 員 會) of Securities Association of China from January 2001 to August 2007.




22    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                           Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Ms. MING obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Economics in Sichuan Finance and Economics College (四 川 財
經學院, currently known as Southwestern University of Finance and Economics (西南財經大學)) in Chengdu,
the PRC in July 1984, and a Master’s degree of Economics in Southwestern University of Finance and
Economics in Chengdu, the PRC in December 1990. She obtained the title of lecturer granted by the
People’s Bank of China in June 1992, qualification of economist and senior economist granted by the Senior
Professional Technical Function Evaluation Committee of China Everbright (Group) Corporation in May 1993
and November 1994, respectively, and the qualification of board secretary granted by the Shanghai Stock
exchange in November 2008. Ms. MING was awarded as a member of “Golden Model Board Secretary
Celebrities House (金 牌 董 秘 名 人 堂)” at the 12th session of New Finance Election in June 2016.

The following personnel have been appointed as vice-presidents and senior management of the Company
since 7 February 2021:

Mr. LI Pan (“Mr. LI”), aged 45, Vice-president, graduated from Wuhan University in 1997 and obtained the
double degree in economics and international business administration. He joined Haier Group in 1997 and
currently serves as the general manager of the overseas platform of the Company. Mr. LI has held various
positions in Haier Group, including serving as the assistant director of the Asia-Pacific Division, the manager
of the Haier ASEAN Center, the manager of the Overseas Brands Marketing Center, the manager of the
Overseas Strategic Center and the director on the operation of overseas markets. He has held important
positions of the overseas platform of Haier Group since 2004 with extensive frontline management
experience in product planning, brand marketing, market exploration and corporate operation.

Mr. WU Yong (“Mr. WU”), aged 43, Vice-president, graduated from Tianjin College of Commerce in 2001
and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in heat supply, ventilation and air-conditioning engineering. He obtained
the double degree of EMBA from the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University and the
INSEAD in 2015. Mr. WU joined Haier Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the
kitchen appliances and household appliances businesses and the internet of food platform of the Company.
Mr. WU has served as the general manager of the PRC Region on manufacturing and production of
refrigerators, overseas marketing and the air-conditioning business since joining the Group and possesses
whole-process management experience in high-end manufacturing, marketing and industrial platforms.

Mr. LI Yang (“Mr. LI”), aged 45, Vice-president, graduated from Qingdao University of Science & Technology
in 1998 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in fine chemical engineering. Mr. LI joined Haier Group in 1998
and currently serves as the general manager of the washing machine business and the internet of clothing
platform of Haier. Mr. LI has held various positions in Haier Group, including serving as the manufacturing
director and the general manager of the internet of clothing platform. He has held important positions of the
internet of clothing platform of Haier since 2008 and has been engaged in the quality and systemic
management of washing machines, production and manufacturing and other relevant management works.
The ecological platform of the internet of clothing incubated by the team under his leadership was awarded
the first prize for “Innovation Results in Modern Management of National Light Industry Enterprises” (全 國 輕
工業企業管理現代化創新成果) in 2019. He received the “Most Promising Entrepreneur in Qingdao in 2018”,
the “Advanced Individual in Management Innovation of National Light Industry Enterprises” and other honors.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   23
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. WANG Li (“Ms. WANG”), aged 56, Vice-president, graduated from Qingdao University of Science &
     Technology in 1986 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in heat supply, ventilation and air-conditioning
     engineering. She obtained a Master’s degree in business administration from Renmin University of China in
     June 2013. Ms. Wang joined Haier Group (Qingdao Air-conditioner Company) in 1988 and currently serves
     as the general manager of the air business of Haier. Ms. WANG has held various positions, including the
     general manager of Haier’s central air-conditioner business, the general manager of Haier’s residential
     facilities business and the general manager of Haier’s air business. Ms. WANG has held important positions
     in the air-conditioner department of Haier since 1988 with management experience in products and
     marketing. Ms. WANG has served various industrial positions, including a member of China Refrigeration and
     Air-Conditioning Industry Association. Ms. WANG was granted special government subsidy from the State
     Council and was awarded the Outstanding Entrepreneur in Light Industry in Shandong Province, the Labor
     Model of Qingdao City, the Outstanding Talent in Professional Technology in Qingdao City and other
     honorary titles.

     Mr. GUAN Jiangyong (“Mr. GUAN”), aged 43, Vice-president, graduated from the Northeast Electric Power
     University in 2001 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in execution information system. Mr. GUAN joined Haier
     Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the water heater business and the internet of
     water platform of Haier. Mr. GUAN has been engaged in product management in industry and trade
     markets, production and manufacturing, product marketing and industrial pipeline management and served
     as a regional general manager, the market director on the water heater business and the general manager of
     the internet of water platform and the water heater business. He possesses whole-process management
     experience in product manufacturing, marketing, corporate planning management and industrial platforms.

     Mr. HUANG Xiao Wu (“Mr. HUANG”), aged 44, Vice-president, graduated from the College of Photoelectric
     Engineering, Chongqing University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in 1998, and graduated from the
     Faculty of Business and Economics of The University of Hong Kong with a master’s degree in business
     administration in 2004. From 2009 to 2020, Mr. HUANG served as the deputy general manager of Haier
     Electronics Group Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, to assist the chief executive officer of Haier
     Electronics in implementing Haier Electronics’s development strategy, and was responsible for capital market
     affairs such as investor relations, strategic investment, and equity financing. Mr. HUANG has 20 years of
     extensive work experience in commercial banking, investment, industrial funds and corporate finance. Prior to
     joining Haier Group, he worked in the Ningbo branch and Shanghai branch of Industrial and Commercial
     Bank of China, Investment Banking Division of Guosen Securities, Anglo Chinese Investment Banking Group
     (英 高 投 資 銀 行 集 團) and other institutions.




24   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                Business Review




1.   BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021
     In 2021, the Company realized sales revenue of RMB227.531 billion, representing an increase of 8.5%
     from 2020 and an increase of 14.9% from 2019. The Company disposed COSMOPlat in the third
     quarter of 2020 and RRS Logistics in the third quarter of 2019. Excluding the impact from the
     disposal, the Company’s revenue growth in 2021 would have been 15.8% and 23.4% as compared to
     2020 and 2019 respectively. Robust performance was driven by strengthened high-end market
     leadership and enhanced competitiveness in products and scenario-based solutions, while accelerated
     global coordination and growing online presence were vital to the expansion overseas, and we also
     benefited from continued distribution network expansion and increase in operation efficiency via
     end-to-end digital transformation.

     In 2021, the Company achieved net profit of RMB13.217 billion, an increase of 16.7% from 2020, and
     an increase of 7.2% from 2019. Net profit attributable to the owner of the parent Company was
     RMB13.067 billion, an increase of 47.1% from 2020 and an increase of 59.2% from 2019. Faced with
     escalating raw material and components costs, the Company still managed to expand gross profit
     margin by 1.5 percentage points to 30.5% by leveraging strong high-end revenue, efficiency initiatives
     and disposal of low margin businesses.

     Selling expense ratio was 16.1% and administrative expense ratio was 8.9%. Excluding revenue of
     COSMOPlat in 2020, selling and administrative expense ratio in 2021 would have decreased by 1.1
     and 0.3 percentage points respectively as compared to 2020 (including COMSOPlat, selling expense
     ratio was 16.0% and administrative expense ratio was 8.5% in 2020). The cost reduction was mainly
     due to continued digital transformation in the Chinese market, rapid growth overseas and improvement
     in operational efficiency.

     The Company’s net cash flow from operating activities was RMB23.13 billion, an increase of RMB5.52
     billion from 2020 and an increase of RMB8.047 billion from 2019, the growth was attributable to
     greater profitability and enhanced efficiency. Net cash flow to net profit ratio was 1.75 during the
     reporting period.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   25
     Business Review




     1.    BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
           (I)    Smart Home Business in China
                  In 2021, sales revenue from smart home business in China amounted to RMB120.774 billion,
                  representing an increase of 22.2% from 2020. Operating profit grew by 27.6% to RMB7.439
                  billion. The growth was attributable to increase in market share and 40% revenue growth of
                  Casarte brand as well as distribution network expansion, accelerated digitalization and improved
                  operational efficiency.

                  1.    Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (Internet of Food)
                        (1) Refrigerator and Freezer Business
                            In 2021, refrigerator business achieved sales revenue of RMB41.73 billion, a
                            year-on-year increase of 21.4%. According to CMM, Haier’s market share increased
                            by 2.1 percentage points to 41.3% offline; and market share online went up by 2.7
                            percentage points to 37.8%.

                               The refrigeration industry has entered into the next stage of development where
                               volume starts to stabilize and growth driven primarily replacement demand. Users
                               continue to look for larger storage space with better preservation technologies, so we
                               doubled the drawer space by moving the refrigeration units from the back of machine
                               to the bottom, we also introduced new hinge system to create the ultimate seamless
                               appearance, Casarte’s BCD-600 was an instant best seller contributing to the our
                               market share reaching 46.7%, in other words, up 2.8 percentage points in units
                               priced above RMB10,000; Casarte also made breakthrough on ecommerce platforms
                               where 30,000 units were sold during 618 Festival on JD.com, the launch of Homey
                               505 and 506 series put us in no.1 in units priced above RMB10,000 online.

                               During the reporting period, the Company implemented Super Factory Project
                               targeting capacity maximization, SKU concentration, global coordination and cost
                               optimization, and we also introduced 3A Engineers Programme and trained 100 cost
                               management specialists.

                               In addition, enhanced competitiveness of large capacity T-door and French-style
                               refrigerators contributed to rapid growth in export revenue of units priced over
                               US$1,000 and €1,000.




26   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     Business Review




1.   BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           1.   Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (Internet of Food) (continued)
                (2) Kitchen Appliance Business
                    In 2021, revenue of kitchen appliance segment reached RMB3.495 billion, an
                    increase of 26.1% year-on-year, amongst which, Casarte’s revenue surged 95.1%,
                    and its revenue contribution increased by 7.4 percentage points to 22%. According to
                    CMM, the Company’s market share grew 1.1 percentage point offline to 7.1% and
                    stayed flat at 5.2% online.

                      The Company remained committed to implementing high-end brand strategy with fast
                      product pipelines, introducing kitchen solution packages and improving store
                      experience, while actively developed partners from home improvement markets.

                      Meanwhile, dedicated effort was made to promote global coordination. R&D team in
                      China worked closely with FPA and GEA to develop new motor control technology
                      that could deliver constant volume of air flow using big data and algorithms. The new
                      12- square range hood could sense pressure, unclog pipe and prevent blockage, the
                      Five Ring stove could heat up the entire pan surface to the same temperature, and
                      built-in steamer ovens led the industry in revenue growth with 300ºCheating
                      temperature, precise control and dual water circulation system. Casarte’s Asian style
                      built-in dishwashers were equipped with 7X cleaning system to provide 360º water
                      coverage at 70ºC for effective grease removal. In 2021, dishwasher sales revenue
                      grew 90% while Casarte’s dishwasher grew by 137.9%.

                      During the reporting period, kitchen appliances segment prioritized efficiency
                      improvement and cost reductions in equipment, quality and production, realizing 35%
                      increase in production capacity on pre-processing lines without additional manpower.
                      The Company gradually increased the proportion of self-manufactured large metal
                      parts in range hoods, stoves and ovens to 100%, contributing to increased
                      profitability.

                (3)   Internet of Food: integration of appliance and services to add value
                      Based on Smart Home cloud platform and Three-Winged Bird smart kitchen
                      scenarios, the Internet of Food integrated smart oven, digital cooking program and
                      standardized pre-prepared dishes to provide users with brand new experience where
                      they can buy grocery from the oven screen and recreate master chef’s dishes at
                      home with just a simple click. Together with partners including Mengniu and
                      Shuanghui, the Company launched Alphesh, the industry’s first IoT-based platform
                      specializing in pre-prepared dishes, since then, a total of 387,000 roast ducks and
                      200,000 sets of Chinese New Year dinner have been sold, realizing a 67% growth
                      year-on-year. New application scenarios featuring B&Bs and offices were also
                      created.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   27
     Business Review




     1.    BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
           (I)    Smart Home Business in China (continued)
                  2.    Household Laundry Management Solutions (Internet of Clothing)
                        (1) Washing machine business
                            During the reporting period, the Company’s washing machine business achieved sales
                            revenue of RMB30.659 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.0%.
                            According to CMM, the Company’s market share reached 43.1% offline, up 2.9
                            percentage points while market share grew by 0.5 percentage points to 40.4%
                            online.

                               In 2021, the Company consolidated high end leadership through continued innovation
                               and captured growth opportunities from new categories with Casarte’s Zhongzihemei
                               (中 子 和 美) washer & dryer combo, whose market share grew to 96.5% in top
                               washer + bottom dryer category. The Company’s tumble dryer revenue grew by
                               203% and led the market with 32.9% share offline and 24.5% shares online, growth
                               of 14.8 percentage points offline and 5.8 percentage points online respectively.

                               Despite pandemic resurgence, shipping constraints, rising commodity prices and
                               currency fluctuation, the Company remained committed to brand premiumization and
                               mix upgrade in order to maintain solid growth overseas.

                        (2)    Internet of Clothing
                               The Internet of Clothing business started from simple washing machines, now it offers
                               a full cycle of smart scenario solutions including washing, fabric storages, and styling,
                               During the reporting period, in order to tackle stubborn stains, residual detergent and
                               fabric discolouration, together with leading detergent manufacturers, the Internet of
                               Clothing team introduced washing machines featuring ink cartridge type detergent
                               dispenser in an attempt to create brand new experience of healthy and smart colour
                               care, a total of 160,000 units were sold in 2021.




28   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       Business Review




1.   BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           3.   Air Solutions
                During the reporting period, the overall air conditioning business achieved sales revenue of
                RMB32.189 billion, an increase of 26.2% from 2020.

                (1)   Home air conditioning business
                      The Company adopted an efficient retail model and strived to breakthrough in the
                      mid-to high-end air conditioning market. We continued to accelerate channel
                      integration, network expansion and scenario experience upgrade. According to CMM,
                      the Company’s market share increased 2.5 percentage points to 16.8% offline in
                      2021, while the share online increased 2.4 percentage points to 13.6%. Meanwhile,
                      share in the high-end market (wall-mounted units priced above RMB4,000 and
                      standing units priced above RMB10,000) reached 20.2%, an increase of 5.2
                      percentage points.

                      By leveraging on multi-brand portfolio and strengthening technological innovation, the
                      Company filed 2,597 patents in 2021. Casarte launched Galaxy series equipped with
                      the industry’s first full-space constant-temperature air technology that enabled 360º
                      coverage and speedy temperature adjustment, contributing to the brand’s 56.7%
                      revenue growth. Inspired by high-speed engines from aviation industry, Haier
                      launched air conditioners that could cleanse air at home with high-speed centrifugal
                      waterfall and multi-layer water spray technologies. The household multi-split units
                      specialized in customized solutions for different user scenarios in the bedroom,
                      kitchen and the basement, providing users with fresh and healthy air at home.

                      During the reporting period, 620 new franchise stores specializing in air solutions were
                      developed with particular efforts made to increase presence in HVAC channels, the
                      Company also capture the new growth opportunities in lower-tier markets with the
                      addition of 30,000 village sales outlets.

                      The export revenue maintained steady growth driven by speedy product iterations
                      including health-boosting air conditioner equipped with a LED-UVC module, Texcell in
                      France verified its 99.998% inhibitory effect on the novel coronavirus. Featuring a
                      separated air supply system, the new ‘X’ split-type air conditioner could be
                      disassembled in 28 seconds, making cleaning and maintenance much easier, and this
                      was recognized by SGS with the Easy-to-Clean 5-star rating certificate.

                      In addition, efficiency of product platform increased by 20% driven by greater
                      production concentration and manufacturing optimization, while specialized design,
                      installation and service network was fundamental to drive strong growth online.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   29
     Business Review




     1.    BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
           (I)    Smart Home Business in China (continued)
                  3.    Air Solutions (continued)
                        (2) Commercial air conditioning business
                             The Company accelerated development of user-oriented scenario solutions. According
                             to China IoL, the Company’s market share increased 0.9 percentage points to 10.7%
                             offline in 2021.

                               Commercial air conditioner focused on product and technology innovations in IoT
                               applications, alternative source of energy and refrigerant. 1. IoT based multi-splits
                               units received wide market recognition from National Speed Skating Oval and projects
                               in Shigatse prefecture of Tibet for remarkable energy-saving performance and
                               advanced warning system. 2. With 50% market share (information from China IoL), the
                               Company has been leading the industry in maglev air conditioners since its first
                               introduction in 2006. Our latest energy efficiency, low-cost and low-noise maglev
                               chiller was widely used in projects including National Supercomputing Centre,
                               Business Service Centre in Xiong’an, Underground Line 4 in Chongqing, People’s
                               Hospital in Shenzhen, and Shandong Energy Group. 3. The Company was the first in
                               the industry to introduce full-spectrum air conditioning unit which was widely used in
                               scenarios with complications such as hospitals in-patient wards, emergency rooms,
                               operating theatres and negative pressure isolation wards. This technology was also
                               chosen by excavation site of Sanxingdui for air disinfection and micro management of
                               temperature and humidity level.

                  4.     Household Water Solutions
                         The water heater and water purifier businesses achieved breakthrough with high-end
                         differentiated products in 2021 as revenue amounted to RMB12.701 billion, a year-on-year
                         growth of 24.3%.

                        (1)    Water heaters
                               During the reporting period, the Company’s water heater business focused on
                               providing safe, and smart household water solutions. According to CMM, our market
                               share grew 3.5 percentage points to 28.1% offline and market share online amounted
                               to 30.7%, with a rise of 3.4 percentage points year-on-year. Revenue of Casarte
                               water heaters grew 42.4%, with market share increase of 4.1 percentage points.

                               According to CMM, the Company’s market share in electric water heaters was 41.7%
                               online and 40.2% offline, representing increases of 4.0 and 3.7 percentage points
                               year-on-year. We launched Casarte Crystal Tank Galaxy series — the industry’s first
                               water heater without magnesium rod, significantly reduce limescale, leakage, rust and
                               corrosions. Casarte’s revenue was 1.8 times the runner-up in unit priced above
                               RMB8,000, partly driven by the best-selling mineral springs bath specifically designed
                               for skin care.




30   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     Business Review




1.   BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           4.   Household Water Solutions (continued)
                (1) Water heaters (continued)
                    Gas water heater revenue grew by 51% leveraging innovations in technology and
                    expansion in distribution network. According to CMM, our market share in gas water
                    heaters grew 4.3 percentage points to 20.6% online, while market share went up by
                    4.1 percentage points reaching 19.7% offline. The rapid growth was attributable to
                    innovation including gas-electric hybrid technology with optimal energy usages,
                    contributing to our no.1 position in water heater units priced RMB8,000–10,000;
                    dedicated efforts were made to enhance presence in home improvement channels
                    and building material markets while developing partnerships with interior designers to
                    capture growth opportunities from new houses and HVAC channels.

                      During the reporting period, Haier’s air-powered heat pump water heater accelerated
                      R&D of health-oriented products specializing in high water temperature and water
                      disinfection and we continued to lead the industry 64% market share offline and 58%
                      online respectively; the Company also made breakthrough by developing 7 out of 10
                      best-selling units priced above RMB10,000.

                (2)   Water purifiers
                      According to CMM, the Company’s market share grew 1.7 percentage points to
                      11.6%, offline ranking up one place to number four.

                      During the reporting period, the Company adopted innovative RO+ mineral water
                      system which facilitates Casarte’s Yunzun (雲 鱒) series in providing strontium-rich
                      water solutions. Supply chain capability was enhanced with the ramping up of new
                      smart water purifier factory in April, since then the Company has been manufacturing
                      its own filter, water circuit board and moulding modules, laying down solid
                      foundations for future growth.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   31
     Business Review




     1.    BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
           (I)    Smart Home Business in China (continued)
                  5.     Strengthening network presence to expand user base; leveraging Casarte’s
                         leadership to increase user value
                         During the reporting period, the Company adhered to retail transformation, network
                         expansion and user value enhancement leveraging on Casarte’s high-end leadership.
                         According to CMM, our overall market share in China grew 2.3 percentage points to
                         25.1%.

                        (1)    Unlock growth potential with sales network expansion and omni-channel
                               integration
                               Together with new national and regional partners from home improvement providers
                               and building material industries, 723 sales outlets were added to capture increasing
                               traffic in home improvement stores; the Company also promoted community-based
                               micro stores that could offer laundry and appliance repair services at users’ doorstep,
                               thus building long lasting relationship at zero distance, making our products and
                               services packages a natural choice when users are looking to replace an aging
                               refrigerator or renovating the entire kitchen. On the other hand, 78,000 part-time
                               sales representatives were developed in the rural markets in order to raise our profile
                               and promote consumption upgrade, all of which increased our competitiveness, and
                               contributed to revenue growth of over 20% in franchised stores.

                               According to AVC, Company led the industry with online revenue growing by 28.8%
                               reaching RMB67.2 billion in 2021, during which time, we actively worked with new
                               partners including TikTok and Kuaishou, to capture young users’ attention through
                               innovative video clips and live streaming, this helped us become number one in major
                               home appliance on TikTok with the largest the number of fans and GMV. Over 90
                               million users were identified as brand interest population, and membership from
                               flagship store online exceeded 30 million. In addition, 10,000 new sales outlets were
                               added in lower-tier markets in order to boost traffic and average ticket price.

                        (2)    Casarte maintained strong momentum with record revenue
                               After 16 years of development, Casarte has successfully established itself as a
                               leading brand of cutting-edge technologies, outstanding quality and sophisticated
                               taste. In 2021, its revenue grew by over 40% reaching RMB12.9 billion. It also had
                               73.9% market share of washing machines priced above RMB10,000; 36.2% market
                               share of refrigerators priced above RMB10,000, and 30.3% market share of air
                               conditioners priced above RMB15,000.




32   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       Business Review




1.   BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           6.   Three-Winged Bird scenario brand creates smart home solutions that integrate
                appliances with home improvements to grow user value
                During the reporting period, 1,317 scenario-based stores were added, covering more than
                1,100 building material markets in tier one and tier two cities, the Company also upgraded
                Three-Winged Bird APP, for example, users could place orders online while tracking the
                progress of their new kitchen, the new hassle-free experience during the entire project was
                only made possible with Haier’s commitment to create standardized comprehensive service
                and fulfilment practices.

                During the reporting period, Three-Winged Bird focus on promoting comprehensive solution
                packages, sales volume of high-end sets grew 62%, with its contribution increased 10.6
                percentage points to 37%; and sales volume of smart sets grew 15%, and its contribution
                up 2 percentage points to 17%.

           7.   Focusing on the development of a user-centred digital enterprise, the Company
                promoted whole-process digital transformation to build a highly-efficient operation
                system.
                In 2021, the Company focused on accelerating end-to-end digitalization in order to improve
                the experience of distributors and users while enhancing internal operational efficiency. On
                one hand, the entire user interaction process was consolidated on smart operating platform
                which then facilitated user identification, interaction and maintenance throughout the life
                cycle. As a result, registered user increased by 31 million to 204 million during the
                reporting period.

                On the other hand, greater efforts were made to speed up the transition from ‘managing
                distributors’ to ‘helping distributors managing user data’. Online contract system was
                launched to shorten the time required from new distributions when opening accounts and
                developing stores, they also had digital tools to manage membership, logistics and
                services; sales representatives were also able to promote products and maintain close user
                interaction through digital middle platform, this resulted in 12.5% increase in average ticket
                size. In addition, 99% of personnel managed their services online.

                The Company enhanced operational efficiency and user experience by digitalization in
                production planning, inventory and operation management. 50% of the factories were
                capable of applying advanced algorithms and optimize turnovers, decision making
                significantly reduced to enhance flexibility in production; physical boundaries removed with
                virtual management of inventory and services for optimal user experience and enhanced
                efficiency.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   33
     Business Review




     1.    BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
           (I)    Smart Home Business in China (continued)
                  8.     Ongoing promotion of smart manufacturing
                         By the end of 2021, the Company has built 18 smart factories. Haier’s third light house
                         factory — Tianjin Washing Machine Smart Factory was recognized as the industry’s first
                         end-to-end lighthouse factory in 2021 for precision in capturing user demand, flexible and
                         efficient logistics and distribution system, and decarbonization energy management system.

                         The Company remained committed to integrating new-generation information technologies
                         of 5G, artificial intelligence and digital twin with smart manufacturing, and was selected
                         twice in a row by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology as ‘5G+ Industrial
                         Internet’ model application scenarios. In September 2021, the Sino-German washing
                         machine factory, the central air conditioning factory, Hefei refrigerator and washing machine
                         factory passed the WEF Smart Industry Readiness Index (SIRI) assessment and were
                         chosen to represent home appliance industry in the ‘Smart Industry Readiness Index
                         Certification White Paper’. In December, the Sino-German washing machine factory
                         received 2021 Asia Communication Awards in recognition of its efforts in combining smart
                         manufacturing with 5G+MEC.

           (II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home businesses
                  During the reporting period, the Company delivered record revenue and profit from overseas
                  business. Sales revenue reached RMB113.725 billion, an increase of 13.0%; operating profit
                  amounted to RMB5.926 billion, a rise of 48.1%; operating profit margin reached 5.2%, a growth
                  of 1.2 percentage points from 2020.

                  The robust revenue and profit margin growth were attributable to fulfilling the needs of different
                  user groups with multiple brand portfolio, and continued iteration of user experience with
                  innovative products, where the proportion of high-end sales in the North America grew 2.6
                  percentage points, and the proportion of high-end sales in Europe rose 5 percentage points. By
                  using digital marketing tools, the Company was able to seize the growth opportunities online
                  while enhancing global supply chain capabilities to boost manufacturing efficiency. In 2021, the
                  refrigerator factory in Romania, the air conditioning factory in Egypt, and the washing machine
                  factory in India were put into production. In addition, leveraging on global integration and
                  collaboration, the Company managed to reduce the cost impact from port congestion and chip
                  shortages with initiatives including joint negotiations, resource allocation optimization and
                  strategic procurement.




34   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                        Business Review




1.   BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
     (II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home businesses (continued)
            1.   The North American market
                 With dedicated efforts made by the entire team, the Company’s revenue reached a record
                 level of RMB70.277 billion in the North American market, representing a growth of 10.3% in
                 RMB and 18.0% denominated in USD. The growth was driven by the Company’s effort in
                 product, brand and channel innovations, acceleration of new businesses, and supply chain
                 upgrade.

                 Market share and profitability were reinforced with successful new product launches
                 including large multi-door refrigerators, large size front-load washing machines, tall tub dish
                 washers, professional oven ranges and Café Wine Cabinets, contributing to over 40%
                 revenue growth from our high-end Monogram, Café and GE Profile brands. Specialists in Air
                 and Water Team worked closely with colleagues in China, and won Marriott Hotel contract
                 in Austin, Texas Airport with Haier MRV5 units; and DFS team signed serviced apartments
                 project contract in Chicago. Small kitchen appliances revenue doubled, driven by
                 successful launches of several new series including Opal ice maker, which was named
                 Amazon’s Choice and Best sellers.

                 On the distribution front, the Company strengthened partnership with commitment and
                 dedication. We developed five new retail partners including Macy’s and were named
                 Partner of the Year by Home Depot, achieved steady revenue growth with buying groups,
                 strengthened leadership in contractor channel with double digit revenue growth; renewed
                 contract with the largest property developer for another three years; developed new
                 partners from HVAC channel and established life style department to cater for RV
                 manufacturers. Revenue continued to double online in channels including Amazon. A new
                 zero distance channel was launched aiming to explore growth potential by creating
                 seamless and wholesome service that can be rewarded with lifelong user loyalty. The
                 Company started building Stamford Co-Creation Centre in September 2021 and plans to
                 finish construction by second half this year, by which time it will be the place for users to
                 enjoy interactive, multi-dimensional and immersive brand experience.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   35
     Business Review




     1.    BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
           (II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home businesses (continued)
                  2.     The European market
                         During the reporting period, the Company’s European business achieved sales revenue of
                         RMB19.737 billion, an increase of 19.5% year-on-year.

                         In 2021, Haier brand continued to grow in price index and constantly outperformed the
                         industry in market share growth. The Company also optimized its product mix, with the
                         launch of a variety of high-end refrigerators and the 979 series large-diameter washing
                         machines, the latter became No. 1 best seller on Amazon Prime Day and Black Friday. In
                         the meantime, the Company also accelerated online growth, showcased high-end brand
                         image and promoting brand stores and store-within-stores in Germany.

                         In Romania, the Company completed the construction of the new factory which specializes
                         in manufacturing high end refrigerators and it is designed to facilitate speedy response to
                         local market demand.

                         In addition, breakthrough was also made in building scenario-based ecosystem. The
                         number of registered users on hOn APP reached 4.5 million.

                  3.     The Australian and New Zealand market
                         In Australia and New Zealand, the Company’s revenue grew by 17.3%, reaching 7.012
                         billion in 2021 and concentrated efforted continued to be made on product premiumization
                         and network expansion.

                         During the reporting period, several new products include induction cooktops, insert
                         ventilations were introduced by FPA, contributing to 33% revenue growth in kitchen
                         appliances; we upgraded washing machines with low temperate UV disinfection module and
                         launched new tumble dryers, grew market share by 1.6 percentage points; built-in
                         refrigerator revenue grew by 60% thanks to the introduction of Column series and new
                         four-door series, particular efforts were made with comprehensive built-in range to capture
                         opportunities in construction channel.




36   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       Business Review




1.   BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
     (II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home businesses (continued)
            4.   The South Asian market
                 During the reporting period, sales revenue grew 30.5% to RMB7.138 billion.

                 In India, the Company seized opportunities from consumption upgrade towards
                 large-capacity and health-oriented products, taking the lead in launching high-end
                 side-by-side refrigerators and large-capacity front-load washing machines, and the
                 proportion of high-end revenue rose to 34%. Meanwhile, the Company actively expanded
                 the distribution network, realizing 94% coverage in franchised channels, 100% coverage in
                 5 national and 50 regional chain retailer and 82% coverage of rural markets. Installation and
                 equipment adjustment were carried out via video links to ensure the timely completion of
                 construction in Northern Industrial Park.

                 In Pakistan, the Company remained number one by taking a number of initiatives including
                 the launch of T3 air conditioner that could work under temperature as high as 56ºC,
                 introduction of the electric frequency-conversion refrigerator focusing on saving energy and
                 advanced food preservation, exactly what the users were looking for during the pandemic;
                 meanwhile, sales revenue grew 150% online with combination of Haier brand and newly
                 introduced Candy brand.

            5.   The Southeast Asian market
                 During the reporting period, sales revenue grew by 15.0% to RMB4.74 billion.

                 The Company continued to strengthen technological and product leadership by launching
                 large-diameter washing machines and T-door refrigerators, the latter contributed to 4.7
                 percentage points market share gain in Vietnam where distribution network coverage also
                 increased to 100%, and the Company introduced Candy brand in order to drive growth
                 online in Thailand.

            6.   The Japanese market
                 In 2021, the Company realized sales revenue of RMB3.491 billion, representing a
                 year-on-year decrease of 3.4% in RMB and a 6.3% growth in denominated in Japanese
                 Yen. The aggregated market share of refrigerators, freezers and washing machines reached
                 14.1%, and continued to be lead the refrigeration segment with combined market share of
                 16.7% from refrigerators and freezer.

                 During the reporting period, the Company launched AQUA brand ultra-large TZ refrigerators
                 and upgraded Delie refrigerator series while renovated variable-frequency washing machines
                 with ultrasonic technology and introduced best-selling high-end front-load washer-dryer
                 combo whose revenue contributed reached 25% in December.

                 In addition, community-based laundry business continued to lead the industry with market
                 share of 70%, the Company worked closely with partners including FamilyMart, P&G,
                 ENEOS petrol stations and MUJI, to add over 100 scenario-based stores specializing in
                 laundry, clothing, food, and transportation solutions.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   37
     Business Review




     1.    BUSINESS REVIEW OF THE COMPANY IN 2021 (continued)
           (III) Establish incentive mechanism to unlock individual’s potential
                  In 2021, a new incentive system was established to unlock the fullest potential of our people,
                  while aligning long-term and short-term interest with shareholders. The Company successively
                  launched the A-share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan, the H-share Core Employee Stock
                  Ownership Plan, the H-share Restricted Share Unit Scheme and the long-term A-share Options
                  Incentive Scheme, in order to provide complete coverage of core employees home and abroad
                  over different vesting periods including short, medium and long term, in order to accelerate the
                  implementation of smart home strategies, attract and retain talents thus creating greater value for
                  shareholders with sustainable development in the long term.

     2.    ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
           PERIOD
           The Company has established a solid strategic presence and competitive advantage in China and
           overseas markets. In China’s major home appliance market, the Company has long maintained a
           leading position across all product categories. According to CMM’s report, the Company has
           established a continued leading market position in key major home appliance categories in 2021. In
           overseas markets, the Company has adhered to its high-end brand creation strategy, building capacity
           to create leading sustainable growth, which has continuously improved its market share. Building on
           this foundation, the Company will further consolidate its leadership position in the industry by
           leveraging integrated synergies of its global unified platforms, through efficiency transformation driven
           by digitalization, and by leveraging its technological strength and innovative capabilities. As cornerstone
           for sustainable development, our ‘Rendanheyi (人 單 合 一)’ Model also provided management guidance
           to the Company, and enabled us to replicate successful experiences. It is believed that the following
           advantages will help the Company to continue to strengthen its leading position:

           (i)    Dominance in China’s high-end market; rapid growth of overseas high-end
                  brands
                  Riding the trend of consumption upgrade in China, the Company has started to develop the
                  high-end brand Casarte in the Chinese market more than 10 years ago. The creation of high-end
                  brands required not only focus, experience and patience, but also continuous innovation of
                  technological standards and differentiated service capabilities to fulfil user demand for high-quality
                  experiences. The Casarte brand combined the Company’s global technological strengths, product
                  development capabilities and manufacturing craftsmanship, as well as privilege marketing and
                  differentiation services, and has gradually won the trust of users in China’s high-end market.
                  According to data from CMM, the Casarte brand has assumed a definitive leading position in
                  China’s high-end major home appliance market in 2021, ranking first in the retail sales of
                  refrigerator, washing machine and air conditioner categories in the high-end segment.
                  Specifically, in terms of offline retail sales, shares of the Casarte brand of washing machines and
                  refrigerators reached 73.9% and 36.2% respectively in the market with product price above
                  RMB10,000 in China, while its share of air conditioners priced above RMB15,000 in the China’s
                  market reached 30.3%. Our overall average price for Carsate refrigerators, air conditioners and
                  washing machines is two to three times the average price of the industry.




38   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                        Business Review




2.   ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     (i)    Dominance in China’s high-end market; rapid growth of overseas high-end
            brands (continued)
            In the North American market, the Company owns high-end brands such as Monogram, Café,
            and GE Profile. The Company has enhanced its high-end brand profile through launch of
            trending products such as high-end professional gas range, large multi-door refrigerators,
            ultra-fresh dishwashers with stainless steel interior, Opal ice makers, and automatic espresso
            machines. For instance, the Monogram high-end professional gas range earned recognitions such
            as the ‘2021 Design Excellence Award’ (from the reputable magazine Architectural Design), GE
            Profile’s smart induction oven range equipped with interior-facing camera CookCam™ was
            named ‘Applause-Worthy Appliances’ by Good Housekeeping’s Kitchen Appliance Awards in
            2021. Through the creation of luxurious, customizable and smart technology-enabled user
            experience, our high-end brands Monogram, Café and GE Profile have grown rapidly. In 2021,
            these three high-end brands have increased their revenue in the US market by more than 40%
            year-on-year.

     (ii)   Smart household solutions that continue to expand and upgrade
            As users continued to demand for higher living quality, coupled with the development of
            technologies such as Internet of Things, big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence, the
            industry has shown a smart and high-end development trend that prioritized product suites,
            based upon scenarios, and home appliances integrated with home furnishings. With leading user
            insights, extensive product coverage and technological accumulation from intelligent AI
            algorithms, home big data and IoT equipment technology, the Company provided scenario
            solutions such as food storage and cooking management, clothes laundry and mix-and-match
            management, whole-house air comfort and purification management, and healthy drinking water
            management for five major spaces at home, including the living room, kitchen, bathroom,
            bedroom and balcony, thereby ‘Designing a home, building a home, and serving a home’ for
            users.

            Three-Winged Bird stores provided users with scenario solutions that integrates smart home
            appliances and smart home furnishings, and through having a service steward to attend to the
            needs of users throughout the process, through coordination and arranging with the internal
            specialised team, providing users with a whole-process service that comprised design and
            implementation, building materials selection, as well as installation and fulfilment. For example,
            the Three-Winged Bird kitchen scenario solution could provide users with a whole-process
            service from a suite of smart kitchen appliances to cabinet design, delivery, installation and
            fulfilment.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   39
     Business Review




     2.    ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
           PERIOD (continued)
           (ii)   Smart household solutions that continue to expand and upgrade (continued)
                  Based on the Haier Smart Home Brain platform, users could upgrade the functions of smart
                  home appliances, enjoy services such as professional fitness training, recipe recommendations,
                  purchase of ingredients through refrigerator, automatic selection of laundry programs, and
                  personalized scenarios through interfaces including the Haier Smart Home App and the Xiaoyou
                  Speaker. In the future, the Company will continue to address the needs of user experience, and
                  to further improve and enrich the smart home solutions provided by the Company. Through
                  scenario solutions and ecosystem services, the Company will provide lifelong services for users
                  and further enhance users’ loyalty.

           (iii) Extensive and solid global presence with localized operational capability
                  In addition to success in the Chinese market, the Company also prospered in overseas markets.
                  The Company seeks overseas expansion of its own brands as well as synergies with acquired
                  brands to develop overseas markets. Such business strategy has guided the Company to
                  establish R&D, manufacturing and marketing three-in-one structure across multiple brands,
                  products and regions, as well as the model of self-development, interconnection and synergized
                  operation.

                  The Company’s extensive global presence depends on its localized business teams as well as its
                  flexible and autonomous management mechanisms established in various overseas markets,
                  which have enabled the Company to gain rapid insights and respond swiftly to local user
                  demands. The Company also proactively integrates into local markets and cultures, and has
                  established a corporate image that is recognized by local communities in the overseas regions
                  where the Company operates.

                  In 2021, the Company operated 10 R&D centres, 122 manufacturing centres, and 108 marketing
                  centres around the world, and achieved a coverage of nearly 130,000 point of sales in overseas
                  markets.

           (iv) A comprehensive portfolio of proprietary brands recognised by users of all tiers
                  Through organic growth and acquisitions, the Company has formed seven brand clusters,
                  including Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher&Paykel and AQUA. To address
                  the needs of users from different tiers in various markets around the world, the Company has
                  adopted a differentiated multi-brand strategy in different regions that centred around users, so as
                  to achieve an extensive and in-depth user coverage. For example, in the Chinese market: the
                  three brands of Casarte, Haier and Leader achieved the coverage of high-end, mainstream and
                  niche market groups respectively; in the U.S. market, the six major brands such as Monogram,
                  Café, GE Profile, GE, Haier, Hotpoint comprehensively covered all segments of high-end,
                  mid-range and low-end markets, thereby meeting the preferences and needs of different types of
                  users.




40   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     Business Review




2.   ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     (v)   Cross-border acquisition and synergy realisation capabilities
           The Company has an excellent track record of acquisition and integration. The Company has
           acquired Haier Group Corporation’s overseas white goods business, including Sanyo Electric Co.,
           Ltd.’s white goods businesses in Japan and Southeast Asia in 2015, the home appliance
           business of General Electric in the US in 2016, the New Zealand company Fisher&Paykel (which
           has been entrusted by the Haier Group since 2015) in 2018, and the Italian company Candy in
           2019. The Company’s capability to perform acquisition and integration is reflected in the
           following: First of all, the Company implements the ‘Rendanheyi (人 單 合 一)’ Model in the
           acquired companies, which is a value-added sharing mechanism for the whole-process team
           under a common goal. Such model can motivate the acquired companies and their employees,
           and enable them to generate more value. Secondly, the Company made use of its global
           platform to empower the acquired companies in terms of strategic planning, R&D and
           procurement in order to enhance their competitiveness. Thirdly, the Company’s open and
           inclusive corporate culture can support the acquired companies in establishing a flexible and
           autonomous management mechanism, which can easily earn recognition from the acquired
           companies and is conducive to the promotion of integration.

     (vi) Comprehensive and in-depth global collaborations and empowerment
           The Company has made full use of its global collaborative platform, as well as its integrated
           functions of R&D, product development, procurement, supply chain, sales and brand marketing.
           It was able to share and expand its successful market development experience to various
           markets around the world. By strengthening the synergies among its global businesses, the
           Company has created a strong driving force for its future development.

           •    Global collaborative R&D: The Company has a global collaborative R&D system and has
                established global technology R&D mechanisms to share common modules, utilize common
                technologies, and share patents within the scope of compliance. For example, ① the
                Company successfully applied the direct-drive motor technology developed by
                Fisher&Paykel to the Casarte brand of washing machines and achieved satisfactory results;
                ② integrating global R&D platform resources and leveraging technologies around the globe,
                such as China’s product structures and hydraulic technology, Japan’s functional design
                technology, New Zealand’s driver system, and the American control system, we launched
                the GEA brand’s large-volume front-load washers in the U.S. market, which has led to
                increases in both the market share and average price of washing machine products in the
                U.S. market.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   41
     Business Review




     2.    ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
           PERIOD (continued)
           (vi) Comprehensive and in-depth global collaborations and empowerment
                (continued)
                  •      Global collaborative product development: The Company has established a global
                         product development mechanism to coordinate global collaborative product development,
                         which can enable regional collaboration and supplementation across product categories. For
                         example, the Company successfully supported GE Appliances to relaunch water heater
                         business: the development teams in North America and China are highly integrated,
                         benchmarking the differences in standards between Haier and products in North America.
                         Haier’s R&D advantages were combined with GE Appliance’s quality assurance system to
                         jointly develop the product. The resulting electric water heater product has achieved
                         industry leadership in terms of design, manufacturing and inspection, with annual sales of
                         more than 50,000 units, thus providing solid support for GEA brand’s water heaters to
                         successfully enter the North American market.

                  •      Global collaborative procurement: The Company’s global procurement activities are
                         coordinated by its global procurement guidance committee. By leveraging the Company’s
                         global procurement operations platform, the Company’s operating divisions in different
                         regions can share global procurement resources, thereby achieving economies of scale.

                  •      Global collaborative supply chain: The Company has a visualizable and digitalized global
                         supply chain management system, which has enabled flexible deployment of global
                         production capacity, and sharing and collaboration in the development of smart
                         manufacturing technologies.

                  •      Global collaborative marketing and brand promotion: the Company operates a
                         multi-level brand portfolio on a global scale, which can realize global collaborative brand
                         promotion. The Company also promotes and introduces successful marketing strategies
                         among regional markets around the world. For example, the Company successfully
                         replicated its sales and marketing model from third and fourth-tier markets in China, in
                         markets such as India, Pakistan, and Thailand, which have strengthened the Company’s
                         brand image and its regional market competitiveness.




42   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     Business Review




2.   ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     (vii) Industry-leading R&D and technological capabilities
         To ensure better living experience for users, the Company has established a global leading R&D
         system under the premise of developing original technologies, thereby using original technologies
         to support the overall industry-leading position of the Company’s high-end brands, scenario
         brands and ecosystem brands.

         •    The State Science and Technology Progress Award: In 2021, Haier Smart Home received
              another State Science and Technology Progress Award, ranking first in the industry with a
              total of 16 awards.

         •    Leadership in terms of patent quality: As of December 2021, Haier Smart Home has
              accumulated more than 75,000 patents applications globally, of which invention patents
              accounted for more than 63%. The number of overseas invention patents exceeded
              14,000, making us the Chinese home appliance enterprise with the largest number of
              overseas patents. The Company also accumulated 10 state patent gold awards, ranking
              first in the domestic market. In the ‘Global Smart Home Invention Patent Ranking’ in 2021,
              Haier Smart Home once again topped the list, ranking first in the world for six consecutive
              times.

         •    Leadership in terms of international standards: As of December 2021, Haier Smart Home
              has cumulatively led and participated in formulation of 82 international standards and 602
              state industrial standards. It is the only company in the industry to obtain comprehensive
              coverage in the five major international standard organizations, namely the IEC, ISO, IEEE,
              OCF and Matter. It is also the only enterprise in the world to serve on the IEC Board and
              the IEC Market Strategy Board at the same time, which have enabled the Company to stay
              actively involved in international standardization work and have a voice in the formulation of
              standards.

         •    Leadership in terms of original technologies: In 2021, the Company has innovated a range
              of solutions that exceeded users’ expectations, such as the launch of the Casarte’s
              ‘simultaneous five-ring fire’ gas stove, which enlarged the pot heating area by 40% through
              the use of multi-ring uniform combustion system, ingredients in the pot could therefore be
              more evenly and comprehensively heated. The Company also introduced the Casarte’s
              Zhongzihemei all-in-one laundry machine that could perform the three functions of washing,
              fabric-caring and drying in the same machine; through continuous iteration of original
              technologies, it solved the three major pain points of high-end washing, drying and
              fabric-caring. We therefore created a new product category in the laundry industry and has
              continued to increase our market share of high-end washing machines.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   43
     Business Review




     2.    ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
           PERIOD (continued)
           (vii) Industry-leading R&D and technological capabilities (continued)
                  •      Leadership in terms of innovative ecosystem: In 2021, with approval of the Ministry of Industry
                         and Information Technology, Haier spearheaded the establishment of the National High-end
                         Intelligent Household Appliances Innovation Centre, which is the only national-level
                         manufacturing innovation centre in the field of home appliances. By centring on the
                         development direction of high-end, smart and scenario-based home appliances, the Centre
                         focuses on breaking through a number of critical common technologies in the technological
                         fields of ontology, intelligence, security and scenario application, so as to enhance the
                         technological innovation level and product competitiveness of China’s high-end smart home
                         appliance industry.

                         Our HOPE platform, as Haier’s window for external technology collaboration, tracks,
                         analyses and researches technologies closely related to industry development that are 3–5
                         years ahead of time, and promotes the industrialization of related technologies, continue to
                         build on the core methodologies of user insights, demand analysis, technology analysis and
                         resource assessment, while brings together the supply and demand side of technologies,
                         knowledge and creativity, providing interactive scenarios and tools to facilitate the creation
                         and iterations of innovative products/scenarios. Taking Haier’s air conditioner’s ‘variable
                         shunt technology’ as an example, through collaboration with relevant experts, 36 patents
                         have been applied for the technology, including 4 PCT international patents. According to
                         results from a real device test conducted by CHEARI (Beijing) Certification & Testing Co.
                         Ltd., the energy-efficiency of a 1.5 HP Haier variable refrigerant flow air conditioner is 12%
                         higher over a period of one year than that of an air conditioner with the new national
                         standard of first-class energy efficiency with same power level.

           (viii) Staying committed to the principle of ‘value of people comes first’
                  ‘Value of people comes first’ has always been a guiding principle for Haier’s development. From
                  the autonomous operation team at the start of the venture to the current ‘Rendanheyi’ (人 單 合
                  一) model, Haier encourages every employee to maximize their own values while creating values
                  for users. In Haier’s ‘Rendanheyi’ (人單合一) model, ‘Ren’ refers to creators; ‘Dan’ refers to user
                  value; ‘Heyi’ refers to the integration of values realized by employees and the values created for
                  users. ‘Value of people comes first’ is the highest purpose of the ‘Rendanheyi’ (人 單 合 一)
                  model.

                  Haier Smart Home adheres to the values of recognizing users’ demand as priority and denying
                  our own perceptions, and is committed to the ‘two creative spirits’ of entrepreneurship and
                  innovation. We turned employees into creators, implementers into entrepreneurs, and transformed
                  enterprises into open ecosystem platforms, which have supported the Company to become a
                  global leader of smart home in the Internet of Things era.




44   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                        Business Review




3.   INDUSTRY OVERVIEW FOR 2021
     (i)   The Chinese Market
           In the face of a complex and volatile domestic and international environment in 2021, China’s
           economy continued to steer development towards high-quality growth. In terms of the home
           appliance industry, it has entered the development stage focusing on replacement. Overall sales
           demand became stable, and the average product price was enhanced due to product upgrade.
           Aggregated data from CMM showed that the retail sales of China’s major home appliance
           market reached RMB481.8 billion in 2021, a year-on-year growth of 8.5% from 2020; the retail
           sales of the kitchen appliance market was RMB231.9 billion, a year-on-year increase of 8.7%.

           By category:

           (1)   The refrigerator and washing machine industries have benefited from average price increase
                 brought about by continuous product upgrade, retail revenue continued to grow. According
                 to data from CMM, retail sales of the refrigerator and washing machine industries reached
                 RMB98.1 billion and RMB73.5 billion respectively in 2021, representing growth of 7.6% and
                 7.3% respectively as compared to 2020.

           (2)   Impacted by factors including the real estate slowing down and the summer temperature
                 lower than previous years, retail sales of the air conditioning industry reached RMB157.6
                 billion with a slight growth of 0.5%.

           (3)   With increasing popularity of integrated stoves, which has substitution effects on traditional
                 kitchen appliance products such as range hoods and gas stoves, and as data from CMM
                 showed, retail sales of the range hood industry in 2021 amounted to RMB38.2 billion,
                 representing a growth of 7.0% as compared to 2020; retail sales of the integrated stove
                 industry reached RMB26.7 billion, representing a surge of 43.5% from 2020.

           (4)   The water heater industry’s overall performance was stable, with retail sales amounted to
                 RMB60.8 billion, up 0.8% from 2020.

           (5)   Emerging categories such as clothes dryers and dishwashers have entered a stage of rapid
                 growth after years of incubation: according to CMM’s statistics, the retail sales of
                 dishwashers reached RMB11.3 billion in 2021, a rise of 20.2% from 2020; the retail sales of
                 clothes dryers amounted to RMB7.6 billion in 2021, a jump of 123.5% compared to that of
                 2020.

           (6)   The pandemic has caused people to stay home for extended period of time, alongside
                 product innovation, user demand for cleaning appliances and emerging small kitchen
                 appliances have been stimulated. For instance, according to data from CMM, retail sales of
                 cleaning appliances reached RMB27.8 billion in 2021, an increase of 23% year-on-year.
                 According to statistics from Euromonitor, the sales volume of air fryers in the Chinese
                 market recorded a year-on-year growth of 37% in 2021.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   45
     Business Review




     3.    INDUSTRY OVERVIEW FOR 2021 (continued)
           (i)    The Chinese Market (continued)
                  As the market as a whole entered the development stage focusing on replacement, users’
                  concerns and industry trends have displayed new characteristics.

                  (1)    When purchasing products, users shifted their focus solely on functionalities and
                         cost-effectiveness to a comprehensive consideration of brand identity, diversity of
                         experience, design originality of products.

                  (2)    In terms of industry development trends:

                         Firstly, against the backdrop of quality-of-life improvements, especially under the influence
                         of the pandemic, users’ health awareness has greatly enhanced, leading to increased sales
                         opportunities for health-conscious and smart home appliances. For instance, smart
                         large-sized refrigerators, freshness preserving refrigerators and T door refrigerators have
                         fulfilled user’s needs for healthy diets, product intelligence, and refined storage space.
                         Products such as washers with health-boosting sterilization features, washer dryer combos
                         and smart washing machines have offered enhanced laundry and garment-wearing
                         experience. Air conditioning products have also transitioned from simple temperature
                         adjustments to provision of a healthy and comfortable environment. Products featuring fresh
                         air, sterilization, air purification, and self-cleaning functions were favoured by the public.

                         Secondly, consumption upgrade continued: CMM data showed that in the offline market,
                         the share of retail sales of refrigerators with unit price above RMB15,000 has grown from
                         8% in 2020 to 13% in 2021.

                         Thirdly, suite-oriented and scenario-based integration of home appliances and household
                         space has become an established trend. The industry has gradually transitioned from single
                         product retailing to the sales of scenario-based solutions. In terms of product experience,
                         home appliance product suites offered a unified design style, enabling product appearances
                         to be more in line with modern aesthetics and texture. In terms of sales and services,
                         compared to purchasing single products from different brands, purchasing product suites
                         from the same brand could save time and hassle in product delivery, installations and
                         after-sales services, which is in line with the trend of efficient and convenient consumption.
                         In the context of continuous pursuit of quality of life, users of home appliances, in addition
                         to functional needs, look for overall integration of home appliances and home environment,
                         which could bring forth the experience of improved home aesthetics and enhanced space
                         utilization. From enterprise’s point of view, product suites could increase the average order
                         value, avoid losing customers, and achieve synergies between strong and weak product
                         categories. Enterprises equipped with product suite competitiveness would have an edge in
                         future competition. However, the development trend of product suites has raised the bar for
                         companies in the industry in terms of cross-category design, planning and scenario
                         development capabilities. It requires companies to conduct resource allocations across
                         different product categories.




46   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       Business Review




3.   INDUSTRY OVERVIEW FOR 2021 (continued)
     (i)   The Chinese Market (continued)
           In terms of channel development trends:

           (a)   Livestreaming e-commerce as part of online channel has developed rapidly. According to
                 the information of AVC, transaction value from livestreaming e-commerce has exceeded
                 RMB1.09 trillion in the first half of 2021. Compared to traditional e-commerce which mainly
                 displays product information through text and images, livestreaming e-commerce is clearly
                 advantageous in terms of interaction and user experience, making it easier to motivate
                 users. At the same time, introduction and product comparisons offered by KOLs can also
                 save users’ time in decision making.

           (b)   The continuous increase in user demand for personalization, household customization and
                 improvement in indoor space utilization has driven the development of integrated sales of
                 complementary home appliances and home furnishing via offline channels. In particular, the
                 building material channel is highly suitable for the promotion of the sales of high-end and
                 smart product suites of home appliances in the form of scenario-based solutions. Home
                 appliance enterprises have proactively strengthened sales networks in household building
                 material outlets, so as to attract users at the early stage when they are still designing and
                 planning for home renovation, and maximize average revenue per user through the sales of
                 product suites.

           Export markets: due to recovery of the global market as well as continuous stability of the
           production and supply capacity of China’s home appliance industry chain, China’s home
           appliance exports have continued to grow in 2021. According to data of Industry Online (產業在
           線), the annual export volume of household air conditioners, refrigerators and washing machines
           in 2021 have increased by 9.7%, 4.8% and 9.9% year-on-year respectively. However, challenges
           such as rising raw material prices and surging shipping costs remained in 2021, which have
           placed pressure on export profitability.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   47
     Business Review




     3.    INDUSTRY OVERVIEW FOR 2021 (continued)
           (ii)   Overseas markets
                  The global economy has gradually recovered in 2021. The global GDP was expected to grow
                  5.9% in 2021 according to the forecast by the International Monetary Fund. Based on the
                  information from GfK, the global retail market for home appliances (including major white goods,
                  small home appliances and consumer electronics) was expected to reach USD 560 billion in
                  2021, with retail sales increased by 10% year-on-year. Specifically, the retail sales of major white
                  goods have increased 13% year-on-year due to product upgrades and average price hikes,
                  whereas small home appliances have increased 6%.

                  By market:

                  (1)    The U.S.
                         User demand for appliances remained robust throughout the year in the U.S. because of
                         easing economic uncertainties, stimulus packages, and increased time at home. Major
                         appliances market resumed to 4.3% volume growth after two consecutive years of decline
                         in sales volume. On the other hand, the industry was under constant challenges from sharp
                         increase in raw materials, Covid related labour shortages, and port congestion.

                  (2)    Europe:
                         The pandemic has led to a continuous increase in user demand for home appliances in the
                         large-capacity and healthy-living categories. Overall industry performed well. According to
                         statistics from GfK, the sales volume and sales revenue for major home appliances in 25
                         major European countries in 2021 have increased by 3.9% and 9.5% year-on-year
                         respectively.

                  (3)    South Asia
                         ①    India: As the pandemic developed to a later stage, users increasingly favoured products
                              with large-capacity and health-conscious features. E-commerce has developed rapidly
                              in the past two years, with the proportion of online sales of home appliances steadily
                              increased.

                         ②     Pakistan: Despite depreciation of the rupee and the pandemic’s impacts on residents’
                               willingness to consume, health-boosting and smart products were gradually
                               recognized by users. For example, energy-saving variable-frequency refrigerator series
                               and large-volume freshness preservation refrigerator series have gradually become
                               mainstream products.




48   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       Business Review




3.   INDUSTRY OVERVIEW FOR 2021 (continued)
     (ii)   Overseas markets (continued)
            (4)   Southeast Asia:
                  As the pandemic has impacted the local tourism industry and affected consumption,
                  performance in major markets were sluggish. According to data from GfK, the sales volume
                  of refrigerators in the Thai market increased 1%, the sales volume of household
                  air-conditioners dropped 1.7%, and the sales volume of washing machines rose 1.1%. In
                  Indonesia, the pandemic has led to increased unemployment and stagnant or declining
                  wages, thus affecting the purchasing power of the society.

            (5)   Australia & New Zealand:
                  ①    Australia: The industry maintained its growth momentum in the first half of the year.
                       However, channel sales of home appliances were greatly hampered in the second half
                       of the year due to pandemic related lockdown. The size of the industry in 2021
                       remained the same as 2020.

                  ②    New Zealand: The pandemic has led to prolonged home office hours for local residents,
                       which stimulated the demand for home renovation and refurbishment, and drove the
                       development of the real estate market. User demand for home appliances increased
                       accordingly. According to the home appliance import data from local customs, home
                       appliance imports grew 11.9% in 2021.

            (6)   Japan:
                  Affected by the withdrawal of government subsidies, multiple state of emergencies caused
                  by the pandemic, negative economic growth and other factors, the white goods industry
                  experienced sluggish growth: sales volume of the refrigerator industry has dropped for two
                  consecutive years, and sales revenue in 2021 has tumbled 4.3%; for the freezer industry,
                  due to pull-forward demand in 2020, growth in 2021 has lowered to 1.8%. The washing
                  machine industry was benefited from the continuous optimization of product mix, and
                  proportion of front-load and variable-frequency products continued to grow. Although sales
                  volume dropped 3%, sales revenue rose 3% year-on-year.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   49
     Business Review




     4.    INDUSTRY OUTLOOK FOR 2022
           (i)    The Chinese market:
                  In the medium to long term, with the acceleration of the new urbanization, the steady increase of
                  residents’ income, the continued expansion of the middle-income group and the improvement in
                  social welfare in China, the purchasing power and consumption willingness of residents grows
                  stronger. The home appliance market still has great upside potential. Changing user attitudes will
                  drive the continuous upgrade of product mix, bringing growth opportunities to high-end,
                  high-quality home appliances. For products such as small kitchen appliances and range hoods,
                  there are significant gap in the penetration rate between rural and urban areas. Room for growth
                  is huge as driven by improvements in users’ quality of life and the expansion of product
                  categories.

                  Looking ahead to 2022, the home appliance industry faces both challenges and opportunities:
                  seeking progress while maintaining stability, strategic initiatives to expand domestic consumption
                  will stimulate further demand, increased uncertainty in commodity prices due to global impact.
                  According to CMM’s forecast, the size of China’s major home appliance retail market will reach
                  RMB492.4 billion in 2022, representing an increase of 2.2% year-on-year; the retail size of the
                  kitchen appliance market will grow 6% to RMB246.4 billion. Product mix enhancement and
                  product iterations triggered by consumption upgrade will continue to bring positive impact. User
                  demand will become more segmented. Sub-categories of home appliances such as products that
                  improve quality-of-life will enter a period of rapid growth.

                  Export markets: From 2020 to 2021, the global home appliance market was affected by the
                  pandemic and the supply chain of overseas markets was impacted. China’s home appliance
                  industry has filled the supply gap in the global home appliance market with its efficient supply
                  chain system, home appliance exports from China has grown strongly. It is expected that in
                  2022, the export market will face certain pressure due to factors such as the recovery of supply
                  chains in overseas markets and increase in overseas production capacity.




50   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                         Business Review




4.   INDUSTRY OUTLOOK FOR 2022 (continued)
     (ii)   The global market:
            According to the International Monetary Fund’s GDP growth forecast for major economies in
            2022, major economies and countries around the world will continue the trend of recovery but at
            a slower pace. Global growth is expected to be at 4.4%. Meanwhile, international trade barriers,
            supply chain disruptions and the impact of the pandemic will continue to have profound impacts
            on the global home appliance industry in 2022.

            According to GfK’s forecast, the size of the global home appliance industry will reach USD
            575.2 billion in 2022, with an expected growth of 3%. From the perspective of industry
            development trends, quality consumption will further drive product upgrades, product innovation
            and expansion of product intelligence; users will prefer products with higher energy efficiency in
            the context of climate change and energy shortages; as the impact of the pandemic weakens
            and vaccination rate further improves, markets in countries that are previously heavily affected by
            the pandemic will further recover. On the other hand, there are unfavourable market factors at
            play. The outbreak of war in some region will have impacts on regions and countries as well as
            posing certain challenges to upstream costs and supply chains of the global home appliance
            industry.

5.   PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD
     Founded in 1984, the Company is committed to being an enterprise of the times. Through relentless
     innovation and iterations, we seize opportunities in the industry by continuously launching new
     products that steer market development. After more than 30 years, the Company has become a global
     leader in the major home appliance industry, as well as a pioneer in global smart home solutions.

     •      Global leader of the major home appliance industry: According to data from Euromonitor — an
            authoritative market researcher, the Company ranked first in terms of sales volume in global
            major appliance market for 13 consecutive years. The Company has a global portfolio of brands,
            including Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher&Paykel and AQUA. From 2008 to
            2021, Haier brand refrigeration and laundry appliances ranked first among major home appliance
            brands in sales volume for 14 and 13 consecutive years respectively.

     •      Pioneer of global smart home solutions: Capitalizing on our full-range home appliances products,
            the Company is recognized by Euromonitor as one of the first in the industry to introduce smart
            home solutions. Leveraging our connected home appliance products and partners, supported by
            Haier Smart Home APP, Three-Winged Bird APP and Haier Smart Home Experiential Cloud
            Platform, with integration of experience centres and franchised stores, the Company provides
            users with smart home solutions for a variety of application scenarios, satisfying their pursuit for
            a better life.

     Over the years, the Company has established three business segments, namely the Chinese Smart
     Home Business, the Overseas Home Appliance and Smart Home Business, and Other Business.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   51
     Business Review




     5.    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
           PERIOD (continued)
           Smart Home Business in China
           The Company provides a full range of home appliance products and value-added services in China
           market through Haier Smart Home APP and Three-Winged Bird APP, supplemented by our offline
           experience centres, in order to cater for users’ needs for different lifestyle scenarios. Smart Home
           Business in China comprises Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (Internet of Food),
           Household Laundry Solutions (Internet of Clothing), Air Solutions (Internet of Air), and Household Water
           Solutions (Internet of Water).

           •      Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (Internet of Food): Through selling in domestic
                  market and exporting products such as refrigerators, freezers, kitchen appliances and
                  value-added services, including smart cooking and nutrition planning, the Company fully
                  addresses users’ need for convenient, healthy and tasteful gourmet experiences.

           •      Household Laundry Solutions (Internet of Clothing): Through selling in domestic market and
                  exporting products such as washing machines, dryers and value-added laundry services solution
                  such as smart dispense of laundry detergent, the Company satisfies users’ demand for washing
                  and caring of apparels in a comprehensive manner.

           •      Air Solutions (Internet of Air): Through domestic sales in China and exports, the Company provides
                  home air-conditioners, commercial air-conditioners, purifiers, fresh air systems, as well as
                  comprehensive range of solutions including coordination of multiple air-conditioners and purifiers,
                  adaptive air flow, air quality monitoring and air disinfection.

           •      Household Water Solutions (Internet of Water): Through selling in domestic market and exporting,
                  the Company provides users with electric water heaters, gas water heaters, solar water heaters,
                  air energy heat pump water heaters, POE water purifiers, POU water purifiers, water softening
                  equipment, at the same time, we offer smart water solutions including interactions between water
                  heaters and purifiers, and between heating appliances and water heaters, so as to
                  comprehensively cater to users’ needs for water purification, softening and heating.




52   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       Business Review




5.   PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     Overseas Home Appliance and Smart Home Business
     In addition, the Company manufactures and sells a comprehensive portfolio of home appliance
     products and provides value-added services in more than 160 countries and regions, including North
     America, Europe, South Asia and Southeast Asia, Australia and New Zealand, Japan, Middle East and
     Africa.

     In the overseas market, the Company has been manufacturing and selling proprietary appliance
     products catering for local users’ demands for more than 20 years. During the time, a number of
     acquisitions contributed to our growth including acquisition of Haier Group Corporation’s overseas
     white goods business (Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd.’s white goods business in Japan and Southeast Asia)
     in 2015, home appliances of GE in the US in 2016, Fisher&Paykel in 2018, and Candy in 2019. The
     development of the Company’s overseas businesses has been fuelled by synergies among our
     self-developed business and our acquired businesses.

     At present, the overseas business of the Company has entered a stage of promising growth, having
     achieved a multi-brand, cross-product and cross-regional presence on a global basis. According to
     Euromonitor, the Company’s share of the global market (retail volume) for major home appliances in
     key regions in 2021 is as follows: ranked first in Asia in terms of retail volume, with a 20.4% market
     share; ranked second in America, with a market share of 15.1%; ranked second in Australia and New
     Zealand, with a market share of 11.6%. The Company ranked third in Middle East and Africa with a
     market share of 7.4%, and ranked fourth in Europe with a market share of 8.1%.

     Other Businesses
     Building on our established smart home businesses, the Company has also developed small home
     appliances, channel distribution and other businesses. In particular, the small home appliance business
     primarily involves small home appliances designed by the Company, produced by outsourced
     third-party manufacturers and sold under the Company’s brands, which serve to enrich our smart
     home solutions product mix. The channel distribution business primarily offers distribution services for
     products such as televisions and user electronics for the Haier Group or third-party brands, which
     leverages the Company’s sales network.

     During the reporting period, the Company was once again listed among the Top 500 World’s
     Companies by the Fortune Magazine, up 30 places as compared to 2020. We are named as the ‘2021
     World’s Most Admired Companies’ by the Fortune Magazine. We are the only company being selected
     in Europe and Asia in the home appliances industry, and are the only selected company incorporated
     outside the US. Meanwhile, the Company is also the world’s only Internet-of-Things (IoT) ecosystem
     brand being named again as BrandZtm Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands in 2021.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   53
     Business Review




     6.    OUTLOOK AND DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY OF THE COMPANY
           It is the Company’s development strategy to become a user-centred digital enterprise in the IoT era,
           and achieve leadership as the world’s first IoT-based smart home ecosystem brand.

           The Company will continue to consolidated its leadership in refrigerators, washing machines and water
           heaters; enhance the performance of kitchen appliances and air conditioners; accelerate growth in
           tumble dryers and dishwashers, and capture opportunities of lifestyle appliances and cleaning
           appliances while developing Three-Winged Bird scenario brand in order to stay ahead in this
           competitive industry.

           In 2022, the Company will take the following measures to generate sustainable growth:

           In the domestic market, the Company will accelerate the transition of ‘high-end brand → scenario
           brand → ecosystem brand’, and expand Casarte’s market leadership from product to scenario
           applications while increase user value with initiatives targeting outstanding quality, comprehensive
           solution, smart scenario, ecosystem platform and lifelong user loyalty. On the other hand,
           Three-Winged Bird brand will remain focused on improving user experience with accelerated
           introduction of solution packages that combine smart appliances with home improvement offerings,
           thus become lifelong partners in users’ pursuit of a better life.

           In the overseas markets, guided by ‘RenDanHeYi (人 單 合 一)’ principles, the Company will make
           dedicated efforts to become No. 1 globally by leveraging well-established localized operations to speed
           up product development pipeline, expanding online & offline presence; optimizing global supply chain
           integration and manufacturing upgrade, thus promoting deeper integration of brands, R&D,
           procurement, supply chain and human resource management.

           On digital transformation front, the Company will remain committed to promote the digitalization of
           logistics, services, marketing, and supply chain management so as to establish an end-to-end
           operation system that creates first class user experience, facilitates distributors’ development and
           improves network efficiency, while building long lasting partnership with users in assisting them
           building and serving a home through accelerated implementation of Three-Winged Bird platform and
           Experience Cloud platform.




54   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                         Business Review




7.   POSSIBLE RISKS
     (i)     Risk of decreasing market demand due to slowdown in macroeconomic growth. Sales of
             white goods as durable consumer appliances are subject to users’ income level and their
             expectations of future income growth which would have a certain impact on their willingness to
             purchase products. A slowdown in macroeconomic growth causing a decline in users’
             purchasing power would have a negative impact on industry growth. In addition, a slowdown in
             real estate market would also have a negative impact on market demand, which would indirectly
             affect end-user demand for home appliances.

     (ii)    Risk of price war caused by intensified industry competitions. The white goods industry is
             highly competitive with a high degree of product homogeneity, industry concentration has
             increased in recent years. Increase in inventory in individual sub-sectors due to imbalance
             between supply and demand may lead to risks such as price war. Furthermore, due to rapid
             technological advancements, scarce talents in the industry, shortened product life cycles and
             ease of imitation, it is becoming increasingly difficult to profit. New products, services and
             technologies are often associated with higher selling prices, and it has become necessary for the
             Company to invest more in research and development in order to achieve that. The Company will
             actively invest in research and development to attract users through continuous innovation in
             products and services, and establish a lasting brand influence.

     (iii)   Risk of fluctuations in raw material prices. The Company’s products and core components
             mainly use metal such as steel, aluminum, and copper as raw materials, as well as bulk
             commodity such as plastics and foam. If the prices of raw materials continue to rise, it will put
             certain pressure on the Company’s production and operations. In addition, the Company relies
             on third party suppliers for key raw materials, components and manufacturing equipment, as well
             as OEM suppliers, and any disruption in supply or significant price increases by these suppliers
             will have a negative impact on the Company’s businesses. As a leader in the industry, the
             Company will take measures to reduce the risk of raw material fluctuations on its operations
             such as by using value adjustment mechanism on volume and price with suppliers and hedging.

     (iv)    Operational risk in overseas business. The Company has steadily developed its global business
             and has established production bases, research and development centers and marketing centers
             in many parts of the world, with the proportion of overseas revenue increasing year by year.
             Overseas markets are subject to political and economic situations (events such as military
             conflicts and wars), legal systems and regulatory regimes of those countries and regions, and
             significant changes in these factors may pose certain risks to the Company’s local operations in
             these markets. The Company has taken various measures to mitigate the relevant impact,
             including active collaborations with suppliers and distributors, improving production efficiency to
             offset the impact on the Company’s overall cost of sales, potentially expanding the Company’s
             supply resources to other countries, and taking measures to ensure safety of its people and
             assets.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   55
     Business Review




     7.    POSSIBLE RISKS (continued)
           (v)      Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. As the Company expands its global footprint, the import
                    and export of the Company’s products involve the uses of foreign currencies such as the U.S.
                    dollar, the Euro and the Japanese yen. If the exchange rates of relevant currencies fluctuate, it
                    will have a certain impact on the Company’s financial position and increase its financial costs. In
                    addition, the Company’s consolidated financial statements are denominated in Renminbi, while
                    the financial statements of its subsidiaries are measured and reported in the currency of their
                    primary economic environment in which the entity operates, and are therefore subject to currency
                    exchange risk. In this regard, the Company uses hedging instruments to reduce its exposure to
                    exchange rate fluctuations.

           (vi)     Risk of policy changes. The home appliance industry is closely related to the consumer goods
                    market and the real estate market. Changes in macroeconomic policies, consumption investment
                    policies, real estate policies and relevant laws and regulations will affect distributors’ demand for
                    products, which in turn will affect product sales of the Company. The Company will closely
                    monitor changes in policies, laws and regulations, and anticipate market changes to safeguard
                    the Company’s further development.

           (vii)    Risk of uncertainties resulted from COVID-19 outbreak. The COVID-19 outbreak, which
                    gradually spread around the end of 2019, could lead to a further weakening of consumer
                    demand for home appliances, which could in turn affect the Company’s product sales. Firstly,
                    lockdowns, social distancing measures and travel restrictions could reduce user mobility and
                    result in the closure of retail sales network, thereby reducing consumer demand for home
                    appliances. Secondly, the pandemic may also cause disruptions to the operations of distributors,
                    such as logistical disruptions in the delivery of products, resulting in distributors’ dissatisfaction
                    with the Company’s services and consequently reduced demand for the Company’s products.
                    The Company will leverage its anti-pandemic experience in the Chinese market and make best
                    use of its global resource synergies to mitigate the impact of the pandemic on its businesses.

           (viii)   Credit risk. The Company may not be able to collect all trade receivables from its distributors,
                    or distributors may not be able to settle the Company’s trade receivables in a timely manner, in
                    which case the Company’s business, financial status and operation performance may be
                    adversely affected. In relation to this risk, the Company will maintain flexibility to offer a credit
                    period of 30 to 90 days to certain distributors based on their credit history and their transaction
                    volume.

           (ix)     Inventory risk. Since the Company cannot always accurately predict trends and events and
                    maintain appropriate inventory levels, there may be excess inventory as a result, for which the
                    Company may be forced to offer discounts or offer promotions to tackle the slow-moving
                    inventory issue. On the other hand, a shortage of inventory may occur, which may lead to loss of
                    sales opportunities for the Company. However, the Company will manage its inventory and make
                    adjustment according to market situation. It will also regularly assess if impairment of inventory is
                    needed.




56   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                Financial Review



In 2021, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB227,531 million, representing an increase of
8.5% from RMB209,701 million (restated) in 2020 (increase of 15.8% on the same basis as compared to last
year after considering the deconsolidation of COSMO business in September 2020 and excluding the
COSMO’s revenue contribution to the Group in 2020). The profit attributable to shareholders of the
Company was RMB13,067 million, representing an increase of 47.1% from approximately RMB8,883 million
(restated) in 2020.

1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT
         Items                                                              2021                     2020                  Change
                                                                          RMB’M                   RMB’M                        %
                                                                                                (restated)


         Revenue
         Smart Home Business in China                                    120,774                   98,863                      22.2
           Refrigerator/Freezers                                          41,730                   34,383                      21.4
           Kitchen Appliances                                              3,495                    2,772                      26.1
           Air-conditioners                                               32,189                   25,506                      26.2
           Laundry Appliances                                             30,659                   25,985                      18.0
           Water Appliances                                               12,701                   10,217                      24.3
         Smart Home Business Overseas                                    113,725                  100,623                      13.0
         Other Businesses                                                 92,158                   92,701                       (0.6)


         Inter-segment eliminations                                      (99,126)                  (82,486)                    20.2
         Consolidated revenue                                            227,531                  209,701                       8.5
         Adjusted operation profit*                                       13,551                     9,893                     37.0
         Profit for the year attributable to owners
            of the Company                                                 13,067                    8,883                     47.1
         Earnings per share attributable to ordinary
            equity holders of the Company
            Basic
            — Profit for the year                                       RMB1.41                 RMB1.34                         5.2


           Diluted
           — Profit for the year                                        RMB1.40                 RMB1.31                         6.9

     *      Adjusted operation profit is defined as profit before taxation less interest income and expenses, exchange gains or losses,
            investment gains or losses, gains or losses from changes in fair value of other non-current financial assets, government
            incentives and share of profits or losses of associates.




                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021       57
     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           The following table summarises our revenue by geographical location for the periods indicated:


                                                                     2021                 2020            Change
                                                                   RMB’M               RMB’M                  %
                                                                                     (restated)


             China                                                112,292             107,653                 4.3
             Other countries/regions                              115,239             102,048                12.9


             Total                                                227,531             209,701                 8.5


           In 2021, the Group’s revenue increased by 8.5% from approximately RMB209,701 million (restated) to
           RMB227,531 million. The Group also continued to expand overseas market shares by adhering to a
           global business presence, and improved customer acquisition capability and transaction conversion
           efficiency at end market through the promotion of strategic digital transformation.

           Revenue from the Smart Home Business in China increased by 22.2% from approximately RMB98,863
           million in 2020 to approximately 120,774 million in 2021. Benefiting from the strong growth of high-end
           brands, process restructuring from digitization, and the scenario ecosystem that led into the future, the
           Smart Home Business in China achieved rapid and high-quality growth across all product lines.

           (1)    Household Food Solutions
                  Revenue from the refrigerator/freezers increased by 21.4% from approximately RMB34,383 million
                  in 2020 to approximately RMB41,730 million in 2021. The refrigerator/freezer business continued
                  to strengthen its global leadership position and spearheaded the industry’s consumption
                  upgrade. Specifically, Casarte’s refrigerator/freezer products achieved an annual revenue growth
                  of 36.4%.

                  Revenue from the kitchen appliances increased by 26.1% from approximately RMB2,772 million
                  in 2020 to approximately RMB3,495 million in 2021. The Group focused on the Casarte strategic
                  brand as its main product line, while Three-Winged Bird facilitated the implementation of smart
                  kitchen scenario solutions. The Group captured sales volume increment opportunities in lower-tier
                  channels and building material channels, and paid attention to product iterations, thereby
                  achieved a breakthrough in industry status with Casarte’s kitchen appliance products recorded a
                  skyrocket growth of 95.1% for the year.




58   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     (2)   Household Air Solutions
           Revenue from the air-conditioners increased by 26.2% from approximately RMB25,506 million in
           2020 to approximately RMB32,189 million in 2021. Under fierce market competition, the Group’s
           air conditioner business focused on the main line of smart and health-boosting products to
           create the best air solutions for users. It adopted a highly-efficient retail model and strived to
           breakthrough from the mid-range to high-end route, which enhanced business competitiveness,
           intensified retail transformation, and resulted in growth of the Company’s offline and online
           shares against a downward trend. In particular, Casarte brand’s household air conditioners
           achieved a rapid growth of 56.7%.

     (3)   Household Clothing Solutions
           Revenue from the laundry appliances increased by 18.0% from approximately RMB25,985 million
           in 2020 to approximately RMB30,659 million in 2021. The Group’s washing machine business
           continued to lead the industry, it consolidated its position in the high-end market and achieved
           high-end leadership through relentless innovation. It also upgraded emerging categories such as
           clothes dryers to create business growth points. In particular, the Casarte brand achieved a
           growth of 31.5% in revenue.

     (4)   Household Water Solutions
           Revenue from the water appliances increased by 24.3% from approximately RMB10,217 million in
           2020 to approximately RMB12,701 million in 2021. The Group’s water heater and water purifier
           business adhered to independent innovation and continuously performed iterative upgrades of
           product functions to create the best user experience, leading to an ongoing expansion of leading
           edge and a rapid rise in market share. Specifically, the Casarte brand achieved a revenue growth
           of 51.6%, with revenue share rapidly increased, and product mix continued to be optimized.

     (5)   Smart Home Business Overseas
           Revenue from smart home business overseas increased by 13.0% from approximately
           RMB100,623 million to RMB113,725 million. The growth in overseas markets was mainly due to
           the Group’s high-end brand creation strategy, the three-in-one localized deployment, and the
           global system of R&D and supply chain. The high-end product lineup continued to iterate user
           experience, resulting in an increasing share of revenue from high-end products. By seizing the
           trend of online channels and digital marketing, the Group’s overseas home appliances and smart
           home businesses continued to increase the proportion of online sales and established a
           differentiated competitive advantage. By focusing on the development of localized operation
           systems, the Group enhanced its global supply chain presence and boosted manufacturing
           efficiency, which accelerated its expansion of advantages and uncovered new growth
           opportunities. It also made full use of its global resource advantages, and leveraged its
           integration and collaboration capabilities.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   59
     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           (5)    Smart Home Business Overseas (continued)
                  In particular, revenue from the American region increased from RMB63,705 million in 2020 to
                  RMB70,277 million in 2021, representing a growth of 10.3%, as compared to the increase of
                  18.0% in US dollar. This was mainly due to the Group’s dedication in the strategy of high-end
                  brand creation, its focus on high-end transformation and scenario ecosystem to achieve
                  breakthroughs, continuous upgrades of products and channels, and by taking advantage of
                  global synergies, and coping with a series of challenges such as raw material sourcing and sea
                  freight charges.

                  Specifically, revenue from Europe rose from RMB16,513 million in 2020 to RMB19,737 million in
                  2021, a growth of 19.5%. This was mainly attributable to the Group’s intensified high-end brand
                  building in the European market, market channel upgrades and concerted efforts on online and
                  offline channels, the upholding of the “three-in-one” rationale of deployment, acceleration of
                  supply chain localization, and by getting closer to end-users and meeting users’ differentiated
                  needs.

           Profit Attributable to Shareholders of the Company
           In 2021, the profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB13,067 million,
           representing an increase of 47.1% from approximately RMB8,883 million (restated) in 2020.

           Adjusted Operating Profit
           Adjusted operating profit was defined as profit before tax, net of interest income and expenses, net
           foreign exchange gains or losses, investment gains and losses (including dividend income from equity
           instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, return on investment in
           other financial assets), gains/(losses) on disposal of subsidiaries, fair value gains or losses on other
           non-current financial assets, government grants and share of profits and losses of associates. By
           excluding these items, it is easier for the management and investors to compare the Group’s financial
           results over multiple periods and analyse the trends of its operations.

           Adjusted operating profit is used as a non-IFRS measure to evaluate the Group’s results of operations.
           This measure provides investors with valuable information of the Group’s ongoing operation
           performance because it reveals its business trends that may be obscured by the net effect of realized
           capital gains and losses, fair value changes on derivative financial instruments, gains and losses on
           disposal of operations and other significant non-recurring or unusual items.

           In 2021, the adjusted operating profit of the Group was RMB13,551 million, representing an increase
           of 37.0% as compared to RMB9,893 million (restated) in 2020. The increase in the adjusted operating
           profit was mainly attributable to the increase in profit of each business segment of the Group in China
           and the overseas home appliances and smart home business.




60   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     Adjusted Operating Profit (continued)
     The following table sets forth the reconciliation between the Group’s adjusted operating profit and
     profit before tax from continuing operations prepared in accordance with IFRS in 2021 and 2020:


                                                                                2021                    2020
                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                   (restated)


      Profit before tax                                                        15,916                13,562
      Adjustments:
      Bank interest income                                                        (538)                 (470)
      Foreign exchange gains or losses                                             577                   385
      Government grants                                                           (718)                 (845)
      Return on investments in other financial assets                             (453)                 (158)
      Dividend income from an equity investment designated
        at fair value through other comprehensive income                           (59)                   (21)
      Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                               (2)              (2,261)
      Finance costs                                                                714                 1,321
      Share of profits or losses of associates                                  (1,886)               (1,620)


      Adjusted operating profit                                                13,551                  9,893


     Gross Profit Margins
     In 2021, the overall gross profit margin of the Group was 30.5%, representing an increase of 1.5
     percentage points from 29.0% in 2020. The increase in gross profit margin was primarily due to the
     increase in share of high-end products which absorbed cost pressure, enhanced efficiency from
     ongoing supply chain optimization, and the disposal of low-margin businesses.

     In 2021, the gross profit margin of the Smart Home Business in China increased by 3 percentage
     points year-on-year. This was mainly due to the Group’s continuous optimization of product structure
     and further increase in the proportion of high-end products during the period, which boosted product
     gross margin, as well as the disposal of business with low gross profit.

     Gross profit margin of Overseas Smart Home Business increased by 0.2 percentage points year-on-
     year, mainly due to the strategy of high-end brand creation of the Group and further increase in the
     proportion of high-end products.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   61
     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           Adjusted Operating Profit (continued)
           Selling and Distribution Expenses
           The ratio of selling and distribution expenses of the Group to its revenue was 16.1% in 2021,
           excluding the revenue generated from the COSMOPlat business for 2020 and calculated on the same
           basis, this was a decrease of 1.1 percentage point from 2020 (if not excluding the Company’s revenue
           generated from the COSMOPlat business for 2020, the ratio of selling and distribution expenses of the
           Group to its revenue was 16.0% in 2020). Among which, the ratio of selling and distribution expenses
           in the PRC to its segment revenue was 18.6%, excluding the revenue generated from the COSMOPlat
           business for 2020 and calculated on the same basis, this was a decrease of 1.7 percentage points
           from 2020 (if not excluding the Company’s revenue generated from the COSMOPlat business for
           2020, the ratio of selling and distribution expenses in the PRC to its segment revenue was 17.8% in
           2020). This was mainly attributable to the continuous digital transformation in the Chinese market
           which optimized organization operational efficiency and cost allocation efficiency. The ratio of selling
           and distribution expenses of the overseas home appliances and smart home business to its segment
           revenue dropped 0.7 percentage points from 14.2% in 2020 to 13.5%, which was mainly due to the
           rapid growth in overseas market scale and improved operational efficiency.

           Administrative Expenses
           The ratio of administrative expenses of the Group to its revenue was 8.9% in 2021, excluding the
           revenue generated from the COSMOPlat business for 2020 and calculated on the same basis, this was
           a decrease of 0.3 percentage points from 2020 (if not excluding the Company’s revenue generated
           from the COSMOPlat business for 2020, the ratio of administrative expenses of the Group to its
           revenue was 8.5% in 2020). On one hand, the Group increased its investment in new products and
           scenario ecosystem to enhance product competitiveness, resulting in an increase of 0.4% in R&D
           expenses. On the other hand, the Group continued to promote digital transformation and improve
           operational efficiency, resulting in a decrease of 0.4% in other administrative expenses.




62   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                        Financial Review




2.   FINANCIAL POSITION

      Items                                                                         2021                    2020
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                       (restated)


      Non-current assets                                                           93,846                89,227
      Current assets                                                              123,614               114,271
      Current liabilities                                                         124,926               109,491
      Non-current liabilities                                                      11,450                25,874
      Net assets                                                                   81,084                68,133


     Cash and Cash Equivalents and Wealth Management Products from Other Financial
     Assets
     As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s total balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth
     management products from other financial assets decreased by 1.3% from RMB48,057 million
     (restated) as at 31 December 2020 to RMB47,444 million as at 31 December 2021. The decrease was
     mainly due to the fact that net cash inflow from operating activities partially offset by net cash outflow
     from investing activities and financing activities.


      Items                                                                         2021                    2020
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                       (restated)


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                    44,958                45,641
      Wealth management products from other financial assets
      — Current portion                                                             2,486                  2,416


      Total                                                                        47,444                48,057


     Net Assets
     The Group’s net assets increased by 19.0% from RMB68,133 million (restated) as at 31 December
     2020 to RMB81,084 million as at 31 December 2021. The increase in net assets was mainly
     attributable to the increase in profit for the year.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   63
     Financial Review




     2.    FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
           Working Capital
           Trade and Bills Receivables Turnover Days
           The trade and bills receivables turnover days of the Group was 47 days as at the end of 2021,
           remains basically the same as the end of 2020.

           Inventory Turnover Days
           The Group’s inventory turnover days at the end of 2021 was 80 days, representing an increase of 9
           day as compared to the corresponding period, which was mainly due to delays arising from logistics
           turnover and advance stocking to prevent out of stock as a results of the pandemic.

           Trade and Bills Payable Turnover Days
           The Group’s settlement policy with suppliers remained stable. As at the end of 2021, trade payables
           turnover days were 144 days, representing an increase of 8 days as compared to the end of 2020,
           which was mainly attributable to the increase in our purchase of raw materials.

     3.    CASH FLOW ANALYSIS
             Items                                                                2021                 2020
                                                              Note             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (restated)


             Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
                statement of cash flows at the beginning of
                the year                                                        45,641               34,969
             Net cash flow from operating activities                            23,130               17,609
             Net cash flow used in investing activities        (a)               (8,067)              (5,274)
             Net cash flow used in financing activities       (b)               (15,641)              (1,026)
             Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                          (105)                (637)


             Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
                statement of cash flows at the end
                of the year                                                     44,958               45,641




64   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                          Financial Review




3.   CASH FLOW ANALYSIS (continued)
     Net cash inflow from operating activities for the year amounted to RMB23,130 million, representing an
     increase of 31.4% as compared to last year. This was mainly due to rapid growth in net profit and
     improved operational efficiency.

     (a)   Net cash outflow from investing activities for the year amounted to RMB8,067 million, representing
           an increase of 53.0% as compared to last year, with the details as follows:


            Items                                                               2021                       2020
                                                                              RMB’M                     RMB’M
                                                                                                      (restated)


            Payment for purchases of non-current assets                         (7,372)                  (7,602)
            (Purchase)/redemption of wealth management
              products                                                            (237)                   1,163
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                              —                     (323)
            Cash (outflow)/inflow from disposal of subsidiaries
              and assets held for sale                                            (220)                     861
            Cash from disposal of fixed assets and leasehold
              land                                                                 290                      324
            Dividend from an associates                                            549                      485
            Interest received from wealth management
               products                                                               4                      16
            Acquisition of minority interest in a subsidiary                      (263)                       —
            Purchase of equity investments designated as at
              fair value through other comprehensive income                       (740)                       (5)
            Net cash outflow from other investing activities                       (78)                    (193)


            Net cash flow used in investing activities                          (8,067)                  (5,274)




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   65
     Financial Review




     3.    CASH FLOW ANALYSIS (continued)
           (b)    Net cash outflow in financing activities for the year amounted to RMB15,641 million, representing
                  a increase of 1,424.5% as compared to last year, with details as follows:


                      Items                                                                             2021                         2020
                                                                                                      RMB’M                       RMB’M
                                                                                                                                (restated)


                      Proceeds from borrowings                                                         12,053                      28,732
                      Repayment of borrowings                                                          (19,550)                    (23,509)
                      Repurchase of shares                                                              (3,221)                          —
                      Dividend distribution to shareholders and
                        minority shareholders                                                           (3,462)                     (5,800)
                      Borrowings interest                                                                  (555)                      (989)
                      Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries                                         41                      1,299
                      Lease payment*                                                                       (769)                      (728)
                      Stock issuance costs                                                                 (178)                        (49)
                      Net cash outflow from other financing activities                                       —                           18


                      Net cash flow used in financing activities                                       (15,641)                     (1,026)

                  *      Pursuant to the requirements of the new standards, lessees are required to include the lease payment for leased assets
                         and the interest accrued on lease liabilities into the cash flow of financing activities.




66   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      Financial Review




LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
The Group focuses on cash flow management and has been able to maintain a healthy financial and liquidity
position. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had a current ratio of 0.99 (31 December 2020: 1.04).


 Items                                                                            2021                    2020
                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                     (restated)


 Cash and cash equivalents                                                       44,958                45,641
 Wealth management products from other financial assets                           2,486                 2,416


                                                                                 47,444                48,057
 Less:
 Interest-bearing borrowings and bonds                                          (21,043)               (30,036)


 Net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
   products from other financial assets                                          26,401                18,021


As at 31 December 2021, the wealth management products from other financial assets amounted to
RMB2,486 million (31 December 2020: RMB2,416 million).

Among the cash and cash equivalents and the wealth management products from other financial assets
balance, approximately 78% was denominated in Renminbi and the remaining 22% was denominated in
Euro, Hong Kong dollars, U.S. dollars and other currency.

As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
products from other financial assets amounted to RMB26,401 million (31 December 2020: RMB18,021
million (restated)), representing an increase of 46.5% as compared to 2020, mainly due to the increase of
cash inflow from operating activities.

In 2021, financial return of cash and cash equivalents and the return on wealth management products from
other financial assets amounted to RMB598 million, representing a increase of 7.2% as compared to
RMB558 million in 2020, which was mainly due to the enhancement of capital management efficiency.

For the currencies in which the interest-bearing borrowings and bonds are made, please refer to Note 32 —
Interest-Bearing Borrowings of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement section of this annual
report for details.

As at 31 December 2021, among the interest-bearing borrowings and bonds disclosed above, approximately
25.4% or RMB5,355 million, were fixed rate.

The Group will continue to maintain stable liquidity in its operations in 2022 to ensure meeting its working
capital requirements in the coming year, and also for constructing super factory, as well as maintaining the
financial flexibility for future strategic investment opportunities.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   67
     Financial Review




     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL
     INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
     As of 31 December 2021, the Group did not have any significant investment or future plans for material
     investments or capital assets.

     Regarding to future capital expenditure planning, the capital expenditure in Chinese market mainly focuses
     on the intelligent factory layout and the improvement of employees’ working environment, so as to promote
     the rapid development of relevant industries of the Company. The capital expenditure in overseas market
     mainly focuses on the global supply chain layout and industrial park reconstruction, new product R&D,
     informationised construction, etc., so as to continuously improve the overseas operation ability and ensure
     the leading position and rapid development of the market in the future. Investment funds will be financed
     through the Company’s own funds and equity financing, etc.

     USE OF PROCEEDS OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS
     On 18 December 2018, the Company raised approximately RMB3,007 million by issuing A-Share convertible
     corporate bonds. After deducting cost of issue and other related expense of approximately RMB23 million,
     the net proceeds from the issuance of the convertible bond (the “Net Proceeds”) were approximately
     RMB2,984 million. As the A-Share convertible bonds in 2019 met the redemption conditions, the Directors of
     the Company decided to exercise the redemption right after consideration and approval, the Company
     redeemed the balance of the A-Share convertible bonds in full. After the redemption, the convertible bonds
     of the Company were delisted on 17 December 2019. At present, the A-Share convertible bonds no longer
     exist, but the funds raised from the issuance of the bonds have not been fully utilised.

     During the year, the net proceeds utilised was approximately RMB264 million. As of 31 December 2021, the
     unutilised net proceeds was approximately RMB369 million (the account balance includes the income
     generated from the purchase of wealth management products, interest on demand deposits, foreign
     exchange gains and losses and the not-yet-invested capital raised).




68   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                        Financial Review




USE OF PROCEEDS OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
The detailed breakdown and description of the Net Proceeds utilised during the year ended 31 December
2021 are set out below:

                                                                                      Amount of the
                                                                                      net proceeds
                                                                                            utilised
                                                      Actual Net                       for the year Unutilised net
                                                   proceed as at                             ended proceed as at
                                                       1 January         Reallocation 31 December 31 December
                                                            2021                2021           2021           2021
                                                          RMB’M                RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M

    Investment projects                                         610                   (78)              (283)                 249
    Working Capital*                                             —                     78                 —                    78
    Other general purposes#                                      23                    —                  19                   42

                                                                633                    —                (264)                 369

*      To be permanently transferred to the working capital of the Company upon approval on the general meeting held on 25 June 2021,
       and the proceed has yet to be transferred out of the fund-raising account.

#
       Arose mainly from interest on demand deposits, foreign exchange gains and losses.


The Company intends to continue utilising the remaining Net Proceeds in the investment projects. The
unutilised Net Proceeds will be applied to two projects namely “High-end central air-conditioning project with
an annual output of 1.5 million air conditioners” and “Haier Kitchen Appliance New Factory Project” and are
expected to be fully utilised by December 2022.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
The Company assesses its capital expenditure and investments in each business segment of the Group in
China and the overseas home appliances and smart home business from time to time. The capital
expenditure during the year was RMB7,372 million (2020: RMB7,602 million (restated)), in which RMB3,430
million and RMB3,942 million was mainly used in China and overseas respectively for the construction of
plant and equipment, property rental expenses, and investment of information infrastructure.

GEARING RATIO
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s gearing ratio (defined as total borrowings (including interest bearing
borrowings, bonds, lease liabilities and convertible and exchangeable bonds) divided by net assets of the
Group) was 29.6%, and was 58.0% for 2020, mainly due to the repayment of ultra-short-term financing
notes, the repayment of loans and the conversion of convertible bonds during the period.




                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021     69
     Financial Review




     TREASURY POLICIES
     The Group adopts a prudent approach for its cash management and risk control. Due to the global
     presence of our business, our results of operations are affected by foreign exchange rate movements, both
     on a transactional and translation basis.

     The Group is primarily exposed to movements in the Renminbi, our reporting currency, against US dollar
     and, to a lesser extent, Euro and Japanese Yen. The translational effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise
     because the financial results of the Group’s subsidiaries are measured in the currency of the primary
     economic environment in which they operate (its functional currency). The results of operations of our global
     subsidiaries are, therefore, measured in currencies other than Renminbi and are then translated into
     Renminbi for the presentation of our financial results in the consolidated financial statements. Consequently,
     fluctuations in the applicable foreign currency exchange rates may increase or decrease the Renminbi value
     of our non-Renminbi assets, liabilities, revenues and costs, even if their value has not changed in their local
     functional currency.

     The transactional effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise when one of the Group’s subsidiaries enters into
     a sale or purchase transaction in a currency other than its functional currency. The principal source of
     transaction risk arises from the fact that most of our costs are measured in RMB, while most of our sales
     are invoiced in other currencies (including US dollar, Euro and Japanese Yen). The Group attempts to match
     costs and revenues along the value chain in the local markets in the same currency, creating a natural
     hedge for some of the transaction risks. The Group also uses forward foreign exchange contracts to
     mitigate its transactional exchange rate exposure.

     Details of the Group’s exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates and related hedges are included in Note
     23 — Derivative financial instruments and Note 48 — Foreign currency risk to the Consolidated Financial
     Statements of this Annual Report.

     CAPITAL COMMITMENT
     The Group’s capital commitments contracted but not yet provided for amounted to RMB3,159 million as at
     31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: RMB3,009 million), which were mainly related to the Group’s
     domestic and overseas factories construction projects.




70   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                         Financial Review




CHARGE OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s trade and bills receivables with a net carrying value of RMB263
million (31 December 2020: RMB552 million) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank loans.

In addition, as at 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s bills payable were secured by the pledge of the
Group’s bank deposits amounting to RMB744 million (31 December 2020: RMB720 million) and the Group’s
bills receivable amounting to RMB12,449 million (31 December 2020: RMB12,562 million).

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
At the end of the reporting period, neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent
liabilities.

RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, REMUNERATION POLICY
The Group is dedicated to offer employees a competitive remuneration mechanism (including short-,
medium- and long-term incentives), all-rounded benefit plans, work-life balance and employee caring
scheme. Under the management approach of “Integrating Order with Personnel”, it encourages every
employee to integrate his/her personal development into the long-term development of the Company, for
achieving a healthy development and progress between the Company and employees and thus creates a
win-win situation.

The total number of employees of the Group increased by 5.6% to 104,874 as at 31 December 2021 from
99,299 as at 31 December 2020.

RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The Group values its customers and suppliers as major partners and stakeholders. A healthy and
competitive partnership network is fundamental to the Group’s success.

In China, we serve our customers through a comprehensive omni-channel sales network consisting of offline
and online channels. Our offline sales and distribution network in China primarily consists of the following: (i)
our franchised stores and their extended sales network, (ii) national chain store retailors (being Suning,
GOME and Wuxing), (iii) regional chain store retailors, and (iv) other sales channels selling to our business
partners. We also offer our products through online channels including: (i) directly selling to end-customers
through our own Haier Smart Home App or B2C platforms such as our flagship store on Tmall.com, and (ii)
selling our products to B2B2C channels such as JD.com.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   71
     Financial Review




     RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS (continued)
     All of our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores and online B2B2C platforms are
     independent third parties. Our relationship with our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores
     and online B2B2C platforms is in essence a buyer and seller relationship. They are our customers and they
     do not act on our behalf when dealing with their respective end customers, and we have no management
     control over their daily operations or their inventories level. Our franchisees, national chain stores, regional
     chain stores and online B2B2C platforms place orders with us when and to the extent they deem
     appropriate. We monitor their sales performance and provide marketing guidance to them. Based on their
     sales performance, we may consider enhancing, weakening or even terminating our cooperation relationships
     with our retailors and distributors. In general, our relationships with our major franchisees, national chain
     stores, major regional chain stores and major online B2B2C platforms have remained stable. There was no
     material non-compliance with the terms and conditions of our agreements with them.

     North America and Europe are our two largest overseas markets and a substantial part of our overseas
     sales are made through local retailors. We also sell our products through online channels. We have
     established stable business relationship with our retailors and other customers. In the North America, we
     have maintained good collaboration with them through various kinds of branding, sales, marketing and
     promotion activities, which does not only enhance the sale of our products, but also promotes our brand
     recognition among the consumers covering various demographical groups. In Europe, our principal sales
     channels cover retail stores and e-commerce platforms. Similar to our approach in the North America, we
     also strategically select our retailors in Europe based on various criteria including market share, market
     positioning, and reputation of the customers, in order to maximise the reach of our products to consumers.
     We maintain stable business relationship with our online and offline customers. We do not engage local
     distributors or wholesalers to distribute our products in Europe.

     Through our information feedback system, customer feedback is sent to the suppliers in real time and is a
     key part of the suppliers’ key performance indicator in their on-going evaluations. For overseas suppliers,
     their performance is also closely monitored by the local teams in accordance with the requirements set forth
     in the agreement, as well as the local customs.

     Prospective suppliers can register on our online platform. Once registered, a supplier will be vetted for its
     business, product quality, technical capabilities, and social responsibilities, among other criteria. Once a
     supplier has been approved, it is added to the pool of pre-qualified suppliers and becomes eligible to bid for
     the relevant orders from us. The orders are posted on our online platform and open to suppliers for bidding.
     We strive to make the bidding process transparent and fair for all of the participating suppliers. Once the bid
     is selected, the supplier will sign a contract with us and officially becomes our supplier. The suppliers’
     performance can be rated by the customers through the same online platform. Based on the customers’
     feedback, the system can automatically adjust and optimise the supply strategies.




72   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      Financial Review




RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS (continued)
We typically seek to enter into long-term agreements with our strategic suppliers. For other suppliers, the
agreements are generally renewed annually. The payment terms for our suppliers vary, but the typical
payment period for suppliers is “3+6” in China, meaning that we serve our suppliers with banker’s
acceptances with a term of six months after an initial credit period of three months. We typically do not
have a fixed and standard payment period for suppliers in our overseas markets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
In order to increase the Company’s net profit attributable to the parent company, improve the standard of
corporate governance, reduce daily connected transactions, streamline the shareholding structure of the
target company, and enhance the management efficiency of its subsidiaries, the 10th Board of the Company
approved on 29 October 2021 that, the Company acquired 10.00% equity interest in Dalian Haier
Refrigerator Co., Ltd. (大 連 海 爾 電 冰 箱 有 限 公 司), 3.94% equity interest in Qingdao Haier Special Freezer
Co., Ltd. (青 島 海 爾 特 種 電 冰 櫃 有 限 公 司), and 100% equity interest in Qingdao Haier Quality Testing Co.,
Ltd. (青島海爾質量檢測有限公司), the equity interests were held by the Haier Group, for the considerations
of RMB39.6 million, RMB28.85 million and RMB36.3 million, respectively, amounting to RMB104.75 million in
cash. As at the end of the reporting period, the transactions were completed.

Save for those disclosed in this Annual Report, there were no other material acquisitions or disposals of
subsidiaries authorised by the Board at the date of this Annual Report.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
1.   Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the directors of the Company proposed to declare a
     cash dividend of RMB4.60 per 10 shares for the year ended 31 December 2021, amounting to a total
     of approximately RMB4,320 million, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the annual general
     meeting.

2.   On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the placing agent for the
     issue of 41,413,600 H Shares. On January 21, 2022, the Company completed the placing agreement
     and received net proceeds of approximately HK$1,149.98 million from the shareholders.

3.   The Company has subsidiaries in Russia engaged in the production and sales of home appliances. As
     of the date of this report, the Russia-Ukraine conflict has not yet had a material impact on the
     Company’s production and sales in Russia. The financial impact of the incident on the Company is
     uncertain, but the Company will continue to assess the impact of the incident in the future as it
     unfolds.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   73
     Financial Review




     DIVIDENDS
     The Board proposes the distribution of the final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2021 of RMB4.60
     in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax), totaling approximately RMB4.32 billion based on the current
     total issued capital, net of repurchased shares but not yet cancelled. This dividend represented
     approximately 33.1% of the profit attributable to the owners of the Company. Where the total share capital
     of the Company changes before the registration date for the implementation of the equity distribution, it is
     expected to maintain the total distribution unchanged and adjust the distribution ratio per share accordingly.

     This dividend distribution proposal shall be subject to the consideration and approval at the Company’s
     2021 annual general meeting, and the final dividend is expected to be distributed to shareholders in two
     months from the 2021 annual general meeting.

     Dividends for D-Shares and H-Shares shall be paid in foreign currencies. According to the Articles of
     Association of the Company, the applicable rate of exchange shall be average exchange rate (medium rates)
     for converting Renminbi into foreign currencies as quoted by The People’s Bank of China for a week
     immediately prior to the announcement of dividend.

     Notice of the 2021 annual general meeting will announce the date of the 2021 annual meeting of the
     Company and details of relevant book closure of H Shares, as well as the arrangement of book closure of H
     Shares for the final dividend.




74   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                Corporate Governance Report




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) and the management (the “Management”) of Haier
Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) recognise that sound corporate practices are crucial to the efficient
operation of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) and the safeguarding of our
shareholders’ interests. In this regard, the Board gives high priority to enhance the Company’s corporate
governance standards with emphasis on transparency, accountability and independence in order to enhance
the long-term value of our shareholders.

The Company has complied with the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provision(s)”) and principles
under the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong
Stock Exchange”) during the year ended 31 December 2021. The Board shall review its code from time to
time to ensure its continuous compliance with the Code. This report describes the Company’s corporate
governance practices, explains its applications of and deviations from the Code (if any), together with
considered reasons for such deviations (if applicable).

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Composition
As at 31 December 2021, the Board comprised three Executive Directors, four Non-executive Directors and
four Independent Non-executive Directors (the “INED(s)”).

The Board has at least one-third in number of its members comprising INEDs throughout the year. The
Company has also fulfilled the requirements of the composition of the Company’s audit committee,
remuneration committee and the nomination committee under the Listing Rules.

At least one of the INEDs possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise under Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules. The Directors are well-versed in respective
areas such as accounting and finance, business management and industry knowledge and the Board as a
whole has achieved an appropriate balance of skills and experience. The chairman of the Board and the
nomination committee will review the composition of the board from time to time so as to enhance it for
meeting the strategic objectives of the Company. The Directors’ biographical details are set out on pages 14
to 20 of this annual report.

To the best of the Company’s knowledge, there is no financial or family relationship among the Board
members and the supervisors. All of them are free to exercise their independent judgment on all matters
concerning the Company.

The Articles of Association of the Company (“Articles of Association”) have stated clearly the procedures for
the appointment of new directors, re-election and removal of directors. Under the Articles of Association, the
Board may from time to time to nominate a director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the
Board, subject to the election at the next following general meeting of the Company.

Non-executive Directors of the Company are all elected by the general meetings, with term of office of three
years, which are renewable upon re-election and reappointment.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   75
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board diversity policy
     The Company recognizes that Board diversity will help improve corporate governance, increase the efficiency
     of the Board, reduce management and control risks and make better decisions, thereby achieving the
     sustainable and healthy development of the Company.

     When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will take into full consideration the Board
     diversity, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, regions,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and service terms of Directors as well as other regulatory
     requirements.

     Appointments of Board members will be made on a merit basis and requirements for Board diversity will be
     fully considered, with a focus on evaluating which skills, experience, and diverse viewpoints and
     perspectives the candidates can bring to the Board, and how they can contribute to the Board.

     The Nomination Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising and reporting to the Board
     matters concerning diversification of the Board members; working out the composition of the Board
     members, evaluating the professional experience, skills, knowledge and other diverse factors required by the
     Board, and making recommendations to the Board; searching for and nominating Director candidates and
     reporting the same to the Board for approval; supervising the appointment made by the Board; and ensuring
     that the recruitment and selection from the Board to common staff proceed according to proper
     procedures.

     The Company shall establish and implement relevant plans to develop a broader and more diverse pool of
     skilled and experienced employees, so that, in time, their skills will prepare them for senior management and
     board positions.

     The Nomination Committee will consider and, if appropriate, set measurable objectives to implement the
     Board diversity policy and review such objectives to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress
     made towards achieving those objectives. The Nomination Committee of the Company will be responsible for
     monitoring the implementation of the Board diversity policy, evaluating the diversity of the Company every
     year and reviewing the Board diversity policy as appropriate, discussing any revisions required, and making
     recommendations to the Board for approval before implementation.

     Delegation by the Board
     The Directors are collectively responsible for setting the Group’s strategies, providing leadership and
     guidance to put them into effect, reviewing and monitoring the performance of the Group and are
     accountable to the Company’s shareholders. To maximise the effectiveness of the Group’s operations, the
     Board has delegated management and administration of the Group’s daily operations to the Executive
     Directors, chief executive officer (“CEO”) and the Management while reserved several important matters for
     its approval. To this end, the Articles of Association of the Company have set out the division of functions
     between the Board and the Management (including the Executive Directors and the CEO).




76   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Delegation by the Board (continued)
The major functions of the Board and the Management are summarized as follows:

The Board is principally responsible for:

1.   determining the Company’s business plans and investment schemes;

2.   formulating the Company’s annual budgets and final accounts;

3.   formulating the Company’s profit distribution plan and plan for covering losses;

4.   formulating the Company’s plans for increase or reduction of registered capital, issuance of bonds or
     other securities and listing plan;

5.   formulating the Company’s plans for significant acquisition, merger and acquisition, division, dissolution
     and change of corporate form;

6.   determining establishment of the Company’s internal management mechanisms;

7.   formulating the Company’s basic management rules and the plans for amendment of the Articles of
     Association;

8.   any other functions and powers accorded by laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and
     the listing rules of the place where the securities of the Company are listed or the Articles of
     Association or other authorities granted by the shareholders’ general meeting; and

9.   subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules and other regulations, approving transactions in which
     connected person(s) (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company is/are considered having material
     interests.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   77
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Delegation by the Board (continued)
     The Management is principally responsible for:

     1.    exercising all such other powers and performing all such other acts as may be exercised and performed
           by the Directors, save and except for those that may specifically be reserved by the Board and/or the
           committees set up by the Board for decision and implementation; or those that may only be exercised
           by the Board pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and other regulations in the PRC, the Articles
           of association, the Listing Rules, the Hong Kong Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-
           backs;

     2.    presiding over production and operation management of the Company, organizing implementation of
           Board resolutions and reporting to the Board of Directors on their work;

     3.    organising the implementation of the Company’s annual business plans and investment plans;

     4.    formulating plans for establishment of internal management mechanisms of the Company;

     5.    formulating basic management rules, and specific rules and regulations of the Company;

     6.    determining the appointment or dismissal of management personnel other than those whose appointment
           or dismissal be decided by the Board of Directors; and

     7.    monitoring the executions of the continuing connected transactions between connected person(s) (as
           defined in the Listing Rules and other regulations) and the Company to ensure their compliance with
           the relevant rules and regulation.

     The Board reviews those arrangements on a periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the
     needs of the Group.

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)
     The roles of chairman and chief executive officer (“CEO”) of the Company are separated and are performed
     by the different persons. During the year ended 31 December 2021, Mr. LIANG Haishan, an Executive
     Director, had served as the chairman of the Company, while Mr. LI Huagang has served as the CEO of the
     Company.




78   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Independent Non-executive Directors (the “INED”)
The INEDs have the same duties of care and skill and fiduciary duties as the Executive Directors. They are
expressly identified as such in all corporate communications that disclose the names of the Directors.

The INEDs are experienced professionals with expertise in areas of accounting and finance, and business
management. With their professional knowledge and experience, the INEDs advise the Company on its
operation and management; provide independent opinion on the Company’s connected/continuing
connected transactions and other material transactions; participate in the Company’s Audit Committee
meetings, Remuneration and Appraisal Committee meetings, Nomination Committee meetings, Strategy
Committee meetings and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee meetings. The INEDs also
contribute to provide adequate checks and balances so as to protect the interests of the Company, to
enable the interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole are adequately and fairly represented, and to
promote the development of the Company.

The chairman meets the INEDs at least once annually without the presence of other Directors to discuss any
topics they consider necessary.

The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the INEDs pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all INEDs independent as at the date of this report.

Supply of and access to information
Newly appointed Directors will receive induction packages relating to the duties and responsibilities of
directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

All the Directors are briefed and updated from time to time on the latest legislative and regulatory
developments, and they receive, in a timely manner, adequate information which is accurate, clear, complete
and reliable to ensure that they are fully aware of their responsibilities under the Listing Rules, the Company
Law of the PRC, the Articles of Association of the Company and other applicable legal and regulatory
requirements.

In order to ensure that their duties can be properly discharged, the Directors are entitled to seek advice
from independent professional advisers whenever deemed necessary by them at the Company’s expense.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   79
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Professional development
     The Directors paid significant attention to enhance their knowledge and expertise so as to discharge their
     duties and responsibilities more effectively. The Company would organize in-house training sessions for
     newly appointed directors which are conducted by professionals relating to the duties and responsibilities of
     directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

     During the year, all Directors have fully observed the Code Provision A.6.5 and have attended various
     relevant training programmes which include:

     (i)     In-house training sessions organized by the Company which was conducted by professional on topics
             including update on corporate governance rules;

     (ii)    participation and/or as speakers in relevant conferences and seminars organized by various external
             organizations relevant to the business or directors’ duties, for update on corporate governance, and for
             enhancing their business expertise; and

     (iii)   private study of materials relevant to the director’s duties and responsibilities.

     During the year, all Directors received regular updates on the Group’s business, operations, risk
     management, corporate governance matters, and changes on relevant laws and regulations applicable to the
     Group.

     During the year, the Company Secretary of the Company have taken no less than 15 hours of relevant
     professional training.

     Board meetings
     During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Board held eleven meetings to review and approve, among
     other things, the 2020 annual results, 2021 interim and quarterly results; to discuss and review the strategic
     transactions, placement of shares, connected transactions and other assets restructure plans; to discuss and
     review the share based award proposals such as the Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), the
     Restricted Share Unit Scheme (RSU), and the Share Option Incentive Scheme; to discuss and propose
     various resolutions for shareholders’ general meetings. The Company’s board meetings (the “Board
     Meeting(s)”) are permitted to be held by means of telephone or other means of electronic communication.

     Sufficient notices are served and comprehensive information is provided to the Board members in advance
     of all the Board Meetings in order to enable them to make informed decisions on all matters transacted at
     the Board Meetings.

     The proceedings of the Board Meetings are conducted by the Chairman of the Board or another Executive
     Director who ensures that sufficient time is allowed for discussion among the Directors and equal
     opportunities are being given to the Directors to express their views and share their concerns.

     The Board Secretary attends the Board Meetings to advise Directors on corporate governance practices,
     and statutory compliance, accounting and financial issues whenever deemed necessary by the Board.




80   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board meetings (continued)
The Board Secretary is responsible for preparing minutes recording all matters transacted and resolved at
the Board Meetings. All the Board minutes are kept by the Board Secretary and are open for inspection by
the Directors.

The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the Board Meetings during the year ended 31
December 2021:


                                                                                               No. of the
                                                                                         Board Meetings
                                                                                           attended/held


 Executive Directors:
 Mr. LIANG Haishan (Chairman)                                                                          11/11
 Mr. LI Huagang (Chief Executive Officer)                                                              11/11
 Mr. XIE Juzhi (Vice Chairman) (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)                               10/10

 Non-executive Directors:
 Ms. TAN Lixia (Vice Chairwoman) (retired with effect from 30 March 2021)                                3/3
 Mr. WU Changqi                                                                                        11/11
 Mr. LIN Sui                                                                                           11/11
 Mr. YU Hon To, David (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)                                        10/10
 Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)                                          10/10

 INEDs:
 Mr. DAI Deming (retired with effect from 25 June 2021)                                                  5/5
 Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                     11/11
 Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                      11/11
 Mr. LI Shipeng (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)                                              10/10
 Mr. WU Qi (appointed with effect from 25 June 2021)                                                     6/6


It is challenging to arrange the Board Meeting that fits in with the tight and busy schedules of all the
Directors. To enable all the Directors to keep abreast of the Group’s latest development and to discharge
their duties properly, the Board Secretary briefed the Directors on those matters transacted at the Board
Meetings that they were unable to attend. In addition, draft and final versions of the Board minutes were
sent to all Directors for their comments and records. Also, the minutes of Board Meetings as well as
meetings of Board committees were recorded in sufficient details of the matters considered and decisions
made, including concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views expressed.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   81
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
     The Company has adopted a model code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors (the
     “Model Code”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
     Listed Issuers set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Upon enquiry by the Company, all Directors and
     Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard as set out
     in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2021.

     In addition, the Board has adopted written guidelines (the “Employees’ Guidelines for Securities
     Transactions”) for securities transactions by employees (the “Relevant Employees”) who are likely to be in
     possession of unpublished price sensitive information of the Company on no less exacting terms than the
     Model Code. Having made specific enquiries of all the Relevant Employees, the Company confirmed that all
     the Relevant Employees had complied with the required standards as set out in the Employees’ Guidelines
     for Securities Transactions throughout the year ended 31 December 2021.

     Board Committees
     The Board has established an Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”), a Remuneration and Appraisal
     Committee (the “Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”), a Nomination Committee (the “Nomination
     Committee”), a Strategy Committee (the “Strategy Committee”) and a Environmental, Social and Governance
     Committee (the “ESG Committee” which was established on 5 March 2021) (collectively the “Committees”) to
     oversee specific aspects of the Company’s affairs. The Committees report to the Board regularly, and have
     been provided with sufficient resources to discharge their respective duties. To reinforce independence, the
     chairmen of the Committees other than the Strategy Committee and the ESG Committee are INEDs. Each of
     the Committees has adopted specific terms of reference covering its duties, powers and functions which will
     be reviewed by the Board from time to time. The Board Secretary also acts as secretary of the Committees.
     The Committees adopt as far as practicable, the procedures and arrangement of the Board Meeting in
     relation to the conduct of meetings, notice of meetings and recording of minutes. Further particulars of each
     of the Committees are set out below:

     (1)   Audit Committee
           During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Audit Committee comprised five members throughout
           the year. The members are as follows:

           Mr. DAI Deming (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
           Ms. TAN Lixia (retired as a member with effect from 5 March 2021);
           Mr. LIN Sui (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
           Mr. CHIEN Da-chun;
           Mr. WONG Hak Kun;
           Mr. YU Hon To, David (appointed as a member with effect from 5 March 2021);
           Mr. WU Changqi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021); and
           Mr. WU Qi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021).

           The Audit Committee was chaired by Mr. DAI Deming till 25 June 2021 and was then chaired by Mr.
           WONG Hak Kun. Mr. DAI, Mr. WONG and Mr. YU possess the required accounting expertise. The
           terms of reference of the Audit Committee (as revised) are available on the respective websites of the
           Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.



82   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(1)   Audit Committee (continued)
      The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to ensure the objectivity and credibility of financial
      reporting, to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of
      the Group’s external auditors and review of the Company’s financial controls, internal control and risk
      management systems. Each member of the Audit Committee has unrestricted access to the Group’s
      external auditor and the Management.

      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Audit Committee held seven meetings to review with
      the management the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and to discuss
      financial reporting matters including the review of 2020 annual results and 2021 interim and quarterly
      results of the Group, review the adequacy of resources, accounting staff qualifications and experience,
      training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions, review
      of the internal control procedures and the connected transactions, review of the significant transactions
      of the Group, review the reappointment of external auditors, and review the terms of reference of the
      Audit Committee, and other related issues.

      There is no disagreement between the Board and the Audit Committee regarding the selection,
      appointment, resignation or dismissal of external auditor. The annual results for the year ended 31
      December 2021 were also reviewed by the Audit Committee.

      The Board also has adopted the arrangement for employees of the Company to raise genuine
      concerns, in confidence, about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other
      matters in the Company and its subsidiaries. The Audit Committee monitors the execution of this
      arrangement.

      The following table shows the attendance of members of the Audit Committee during the year ended
      31 December 2021:


                                                                                               No. of Audit
                                                                                        Committee meetings
                                                                                            attended/held


       Non-executive Directors:
       Ms. TAN Lixia (retired as a member with effect from 5 March 2021)                                      1/1
       Mr. LIN Sui (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                                        4/4
       Mr. YU Hon To, David (appointed as a member with effect from 5 March 2021)                             6/6
       Mr. WU Changqi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                                   3/3

       INEDs:
       Mr. DAI Deming (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                                     4/4
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                      7/7
       Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                       7/7
       Mr. WU Qi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                                        3/3




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   83
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
           The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee currently comprises five members including:

           Mr. LIANG Haishan;
           Ms. TAN Lixia (retired as member with effect from 30 March 2021);
           Mr. DAI Deming (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
           Mr. CHIEN Da-chun;
           Mr. WONG Hak Kun (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
           Mr. WU Changqi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
           Mr. LI Shipeng (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021); and
           Mr. WU Qi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021).

           The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is chaired by Mr. CHIEN Da-chun, an INED. The terms of
           reference of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (as revised) are available on the respective
           websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

           The primary duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to make recommendations to the
           Board on policies and structures of all remuneration of the Directors and senior management. Each of
           the Directors has not involved in the determination of his/her own remuneration.

           During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held four
           meetings. At the meetings, members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee reviewed and
           made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration proposals of the Directors and senior
           management, including the share based award proposals such as the 2021 A-share and H-share Core
           Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), the 2021 H-share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (RSU), and
           the 2021 A-share Option Incentive Scheme. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considered
           these proposals by taking into account the factors such as remuneration packages and benefits
           offered by comparable companies, the respective contribution of each of the Directors and senior
           management to the Group and the business objectives of the Group. The Remuneration and Appraisal
           Committee also considered the performance based structures of the remuneration of Executive
           Directors and senior management.

           The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee has adopted the model that it will review the proposals
           made by the Management on the remuneration of Executive Directors and senior managements with
           reference to the Board’s corporate policies and objectives, and make recommendations to the Board.
           The remuneration plans or proposals mainly include but not limited to performance appraisal criteria,
           procedures and key appraisal system, and major incentive and penalty plans and systems. The Board
           will have final authority to approve the recommendations made by the Remuneration Committee.




84   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                               Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (continued)
      The following table shows the attendance of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      during the year ended 31 December 2021:


                                                                                   No. of Remuneration
                                                                                          and Appraisal
                                                                                   Committee meetings
                                                                                          attended/held


       Executive Director:
       Mr. LIANG Haishan                                                                                 4/4

       Non-executive Director:
       Ms. TAN Lixia (retired as member with effect from 30 March 2021)                                  1/1
       Mr. WU Changqi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                              2/2

       INEDs:
       Mr. DAI Deming (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                                2/2
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                 4/4
       Mr. WONG Hak Kun (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                              2/2
       Mr. LI Shipeng (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                              2/2
       Mr. WU Qi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                                   2/2


(3)   Nomination Committee
      The Nomination Committee currently comprises six members including:

      Mr. LIANG Haishan;
      Mr. WU Changqi (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
      Mr. DAI Deming (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun;
      Mr. WONG Hak Kun;
      Mr. YU Hon To, David (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
      Mr. LI Shipeng (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021); and
      Mr. WU Qi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021).

      The Nomination Committee was chaired by Mr. WONG Hak Kun (an INED) till 25 June 2021 and was
      then chaired by Mr. WU Qi (an INED). The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee (as
      revised) are available on the respective websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange.

      The Nomination Committee is responsible for formulating nomination policy and making
      recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors, senior management and
      Board succession. It also develops selection procedures of candidates for nomination, reviews the
      structure, size and composition of the Board and assesses the independence of the INEDs. The
      Company has provided the Nomination Committee sufficient resources to perform its duties.



                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   85
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (3)   Nomination Committee (continued)
           Nomination procedures include identification and acknowledgement of qualified individuals by the
           Nomination Committee and review and approval of such nomination by the Board. The Nomination
           Committee shall proactively communicate with the Company’s relevant departments, examine the
           Company’s demand for new directors and senior managers. The selection criteria for Directors are that
           the candidates must have substantial experience in business relevant to the Company, or in corporate
           management, or in relevant profession and must be able to contribute effectively to the objectives of
           the Company. In identifying suitable candidates for appointment to the Board, the Nomination
           Committee will consider candidates on merit against objective criteria (such as professional expertise,
           relevant experience, personal ethics etc.) and with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the
           Board. Any committee member may propose suitable candidates for directorship for discussion and
           approval by the Nomination Committee, after which the Board will consider and, if proper, approve
           such nomination. Director thus selected is subject to election by the Company’s shareholders in the
           next general meeting or next annual general meeting, as appropriate, according to the Articles of
           Association of the Company.

           The Nomination Committee monitors the execution of the Board diversity policy of the Company.
           Selection will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to, professional
           experience, business experience and insight, skills, know-how, gender, age, cultural and educational
           background, ethnic and length of services. It will review the Board diversity policy as appropriate and
           recommend any revisions to the policy to the Board for consideration and approval if necessary.

           During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Nomination Committee held two meetings. At the
           meetings, members of the Nomination Committee have identified and recommended qualified individual
           to the Board for the appointment of a director, reviewed the composition of the Board and diversity of
           the Board.

           The Nomination Committee discussed and agreed the measurable objectives for achieving diversity on
           the Board and recommended them to the Board for adoption. During the year, two directors (Ms. TAN
           Lixia and Mr. DAI Deming) retired and five directors (Mr. XIE Juzhi, Mr. YU Hon To, David, Ms. Eva LI
           Kam Fun, Mr. LI Shipeng and Mr. WU Qi) have been appointed. The Nomination Committee assessed
           the candidates on objectives of offering relevant industry experience and business skill to the Board for
           the Company’s strategic business developments, while maintaining diversity of perspectives appropriate
           to the requirements of the Group’s business. The Committee reviewed the existing composition of the
           Board and received and accepted the report from the management in relation to identified business
           skills and experience required and their ranking and the action plan for recruiting new Board members.
           It also monitored the review of the Company’s recruitment process to reinforce its commitment to the
           principle of equal opportunity. With these measures in place, therefrom five new Board members have
           been appointed during the year.




86   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(3)   Nomination Committee (continued)
      The following table shows the attendance of members of the Nomination Committee during the year
      ended 31 December 2021:


                                                                                       No. of Nomination
                                                                                      Committee meetings
                                                                                           attended/held


       Executive Director:
       Mr. LIANG Haishan                                                                                    2/2

       Non-executive Director:
       Mr. WU Changqi (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                                   2/2
       Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                                 0/0
        (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)

       INEDs:
       Mr. DAI Deming (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                                   2/2
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                    2/2
       Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                     2/2
       Mr. LI Shipeng (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                                 0/0
       Mr. WU Qi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                                      0/0


(4)   Strategy Committee
      The Strategy Committee currently comprises six members including:

      Mr. LIANG Haishan;
      Ms. TAN Lixia (retired as a member with effect from 5 March 2021);
      Mr. LI Huagang;
      Mr. XIE Juzhi (appointed as a member with effect from 5 March 2021)
      Mr. WU Changqi (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
      Mr. LIN Sui;
      Mr. DAI Deming (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
      Mr. WONG Hak Kun (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021);
      Mr. LI Shipeng (appointed as a member with effect from 5 March 2021); and
      Mr. WU Qi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021).

      The Strategy Committee is chaired by Mr. LIANG Haishan.

      The purpose of the Strategy Committee shall be to prepare recommendations for the Board in fulfilling
      its responsibilities relating to the study of the Company’s long-term development strategy, major
      investment decisions and shareholders’ return plan.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   87
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (4)   Strategy Committee (continued)
           The primary responsibilities and authorities of the Strategy Committee include:

           (I)      to study the Company’s long-term development strategy plans and make recommendations;

           (II)     to study major investment financing programs which requires to be approved by the Board of
                    Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

           (III)    to study major capital operation and assets management projects which requires to be approved
                    by the Board of Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

           (IV)     to study shareholders’ return plan of the Company and make recommendations;

           (V)      to study other important matters affecting the Company’s development and make
                    recommendations;

           (VI)     to review the implementation of the above matters;

           (VII)    to handle other matters as authorized by the Board.

           During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Strategy Committee held three meetings. At the
           meetings, members of the Strategy Committee have discussed and reviewed the strategic
           transactions, such as other assets restructure plans, and made recommendations to the Board.

           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Strategy Committee during the year
           ended 31 December 2021:

                                                                                                No. of Strategy
                                                                                             Committee meetings
                                                                                                 attended/held


                 Executive Directors:
                 Mr. LIANG Haishan                                                                          3/3
                 Mr. LI Huagang                                                                             2/2
                 Mr. XIE Juzhi (appointed as a member with effect from 5 March 2021)                        3/3

                 Non-executive Directors:
                 Ms. TAN Lixia (retired as a member with effect from 5 March 2021)                          0/0
                 Mr. WU Changqi (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                         1/1
                 Mr. LIN Sui                                                                                3/3

                 INEDs:
                 Mr. DAI Deming (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                         1/1
                 Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                      1/1
                 Mr. WONG Hak Kun (retired as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                       1/1
                 Mr. LI Shipeng (appointed as a member with effect from 5 March 2021)                       3/3
                 Mr. WU Qi (appointed as a member with effect from 25 June 2021)                            2/2



88   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(5)   Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
      To better implement the ecological brand strategy of the Company in the age of the Internet of Things,
      integrate the idea of “Social, Environmental and Corporate Governance” into the corporate strategy,
      promote sustainable development, generate long-term value for all stakeholders and build a green,
      intelligent and mutual beneficial eco system of the Internet of Things, the Company has established the
      Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (“ESG Committee”) on 5 March 2021.

      The ESG Committee currently comprises four members including Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun, Mr. LI
      Huagang, Mr. LIN Sui and Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun (all were appointed on 5 March 2021). Ms. Eva LI Kam
      Fun serves as the chairwoman of the ESG Committee.

      The ESG Committee serves as the specific working body for evaluating the Company’s working
      progress on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities and the risks and
      opportunities it faces, and for formulating the Company’s ESG vision, goals and strategies. The ESG
      Committee strives to improve and enhance the Company’s capabilities of managing environment and
      social responsibilities, and to promote the sustainable development of the Company. The ESG
      Committee also promotes the ESG risk management practices and internal control enhancements, and
      provides direction for the work of the Company’s ESG task force.

      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the ESG Committee held one meeting. At the meeting,
      members of the ESG Committee have discussed and reviewed the Company’s 2020 ESG report,
      discussed ESG goals and strategies and other related matters, and made recommendations to the
      Board.

      The following table shows the attendance of members of the ESG Committee during the year ended
      31 December 2021:


                                                                                               No. of ESG
                                                                                       Committee meetings
                                                                                           attended/held


       Executive Directors:
       Mr. LI Huagang                                                                                        1/1

       Non-executive Directors:
       Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                                                                                    1/1
       Mr. LIN Sui                                                                                           1/1

       INEDs:
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                     1/1




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   89
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Corporate Governance Function
     The primary corporate governance duties of the Board are to develop and review the Company’s policies
     and practices on corporate governance; to review and monitor the training and continuous professional
     development of Directors and senior management; to review and monitor the Company’s policies and
     practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review and monitor the code of
     conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and to review the
     Company’s compliance with the code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

     During the year, the Board have developed and reviewed the Company’s corporate governance practices,
     including the review of the recent changes of regulatory requirements, review of the Articles of Association of
     the Company, review of terms of reference of the various committees of the Board, and the review of the
     process in upgrading the internal controls and risk management.

     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company has maintained different communication channels with its shareholders through the publication
     of annual, interim and quarterly reports, circulars and announcements. Such information is also available on
     the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.

     It is the Company’s practice to provide an explanation to shareholders of the details of the voting by poll
     procedures in the general meetings in accordance with the Articles of Association and the relevant listing
     rules of the places where it securities are listed. The poll results of the general meetings are also published
     on the websites of the Company and of the stock exchanges where the securities are listed. The Board
     regards general meetings as one of the principal channels of communication with our shareholders and the
     Directors provide detailed and complete answers to questions raised by the shareholders in the general
     meetings.

     During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company held twelve general meetings, including the annual
     general meeting and two special general meetings, three A-shares class meetings, three D-shares class
     meetings, and three H-shares class meetings. In these general meetings and class meetings, various
     resolutions were passed.




90   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                Corporate Governance Report




COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
(continued)
The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the general meetings held during the year
ended 31 December 2021:


                                                                                              No. of the
                                                                                       General meetings
                                                                                          attended/held


 Executive Directors:
 Mr. LIANG Haishan (Chairman)                                                                           8/12
 Mr. LI Huagang (Chief Executive Officer)                                                               8/12
 Mr. XIE Juzhi (Vice Chairman) (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)                                 4/8

 Non-executive Directors:
 Ms. TAN Lixia (Vice Chairwoman) (retired with effect from 30 March 2021)                                4/4
 Mr. WU Changqi                                                                                         4/12
 Mr. LIN Sui                                                                                            0/12
 Mr. YU Hon To, David (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)                                          8/8
 Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)                                            8/8

 INEDs:
 Mr. DAI Deming (retired with effect from 25 June 2021)                                                  0/8
 Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                      4/12
 Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                       8/12
 Mr. LI Shipeng (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)                                                4/8
 Mr. WU Qi (appointed with effect from 25 June 2021)                                                     0/4


During the year ended 31 December 2021, there have been changes in the Company’s constitutional
documents, principally for the Company to adapt to the issuance of H-Shares and their listing in the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, for the establishment of ESG Committee of the Board, for clarification of member
composition of various Board committees.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   91
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Procedures by which Shareholders may convene a special general meeting
     Shareholders requesting the convening of an extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting
     shall proceed in accordance with the procedures set forth below (note*):

     (1)   Two or more shareholders who hold, in aggregate, 10% or more of the shares carrying the right to vote
           at the proposed meeting may sign one or several written requisitions of the same format and contents,
           requesting the Board of Directors to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class
           shareholders’ meeting. The agenda of the proposed meeting shall be stated therein. The Board of
           Directors shall convene the extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting responsively
           after receipt of the aforesaid written requisition(s). The number of the aforesaid shares shall be
           calculated as of the date on which the requisition(s) is/are made.

     (2)   Where the Board of Directors gives consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting, a notice
           on convening of the extraordinary general meeting or the class shareholders’ meeting shall be issued
           within 5 days from such decision, and the changes made to the original request in the notice shall be
           approved by relevant shareholders.

     (3)   Where the Board of Directors does not give consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting
           or does not issue a feedback within 10 days upon the receipt of the requisition(s), the shareholders
           holding 10% or more of the Company’s shares separately or in aggregate shall have the right to
           propose to the Board of Supervisors on convening of an extraordinary general meeting and such
           proposal shall be made to the Board of Supervisors in writing.

     Where the Board of Supervisors gives consent for convening an extraordinary general meeting, a notice on
     convening of the extraordinary general meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon the receipt of the
     requisition(s) and the changes made to the original request in the notice shall be approved by relevant
     shareholders.

     Where the Board of Supervisors fails to issue a notice of a shareholders’ general meeting within the
     stipulated period, the Board of Supervisors shall be deemed as not convening and chairing the
     shareholders’ general meeting, and the shareholders who hold 10% or more of the Company’s shares
     individually or jointly for 90 or more consecutive days may proceed to convene and chair a shareholders’
     general meeting on their own initiative.

     If the shareholders’ general meeting is convened by the Board of Supervisors or shareholders on their own,
     a written notice shall be issued to the Board of Directors, and such meeting shall be filed with the stock
     exchange of the place where the securities of the Company are listed.

     Prior to the announcement of the resolutions passed by the shareholders’ general meeting, the shareholding
     percentage of the shareholders who convene the meeting shall not be less than 10%. Shareholders who
     convene the meeting shall publish an announcement no later than the issuance of notice of the
     shareholders’ general meeting and undertake that their shareholding percentage shall not be less than 10%
     during the period from the date of proposing the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting to the
     convening date of the shareholders’ general meeting. The shareholders who convene the meeting shall
     submit the relevant supporting materials to the stock exchange of the place where the securities of the
     Company are listed at the time of the issuance of notice of the shareholders’ general meeting as well as of
     the announcement of the resolutions passed by such meeting.




92   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
Shareholders may put forward enquiries to the Board through the Board Secretary, Company Secretary and
the representative of our office in Germany who will direct the enquiries to the Board for handling. Such
enquiries can be made by the following means:

Mail:            Board Secretary
                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                 Board of Directors Building,
                 Haier Industrial Park,
                 1 Haier Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao City, the PRC

Email:           finance@haier.com

Mail:            Company Secretary
                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                 Unit 3513, 35/F, The Center,
                 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong

E-mail:          ir@haier.hk

Procedures for putting forward proposals at a Shareholders’ meeting
When the Company decides to convene a shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board
of supervisors and shareholders severally or jointly holding 3% or more of the shares of the Company shall
be entitled to put forward proposals to the Company.

The shareholders severally or jointly holding 3% or more of the shares of the Company may raise interim
proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days prior to the convening of the shareholders’
general meeting. Where shareholders subject to the conditions as mentioned above raise interim proposals
before the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting, their shareholding proportions shall not be less
than 3% during the period from the date of the issuance of notice on proposals to the announcement of the
resolutions. The convener shall, within 2 days after the receipt of such proposals, issue a supplemental
notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the interim proposals (note*).

Note*: Certain proposed amendments on the Company’s Articles of Association as stated in the Company’s relevant announcement dated
       30 March 2022 have been reflected herein, which are subject to the approval of the annual general meeting to be held on June
       2022.




                                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021     93
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
     Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director
     When the Company needs to elect a director, the shareholders of the Company may nominate a person for
     election as a director of the Company at the shareholders’ general meeting (including annual general
     meeting and extraordinary general meeting) to be convened then according to the Articles of Association of
     the Company (“Articles of Association”).

     1.    According to Article 84 of the Articles of Association, the shareholders’ general meeting may exercise
           the following functions and powers: (II) to elect and replace directors and supervisors who are not
           employee representatives, and to decide on the remuneration matters of the relevant directors and
           supervisors; (X) to amend the Articles of Association and deliberate proposals put forward by
           shareholders who represent 3% or more of the Company’s voting shares.

     2.    According to Article 96 of the Articles of Association, when the Company decides to convene a
           shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and shareholders that
           severally or jointly hold 3% or more of the shares of the Company shall be entitled to put forward
           proposals to the Company. The shareholders that severally or jointly hold more than 3% of the
           Company’s shares may raise interim proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days
           prior to the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting. The convener shall, within 2 days after the
           receipt of such proposals, issue a supplemental notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and
           announce the contents of the interim proposals.

     3.    According to Article 101, Article 138 and Article 196 of the Articles of Association, the election of
           directors and supervisors shall comply with the following provisions:

           (I)    The list of candidates for directors and supervisors shall be presented in the form of a proposal
                  at a shareholders’ general meeting for voting.

           (II)   Upon the expiration of the term of office of the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors or
                  in need of replacement of directors or supervisors due to vacancies within the Board of Directors
                  or the Board of Supervisors, the shareholders, individually or jointly, holding 3% or more of the
                  total number of the outstanding shares with voting rights of the Company may recommend
                  candidates for directors or supervisors to the Board of Directors in writing. Upon the Board of
                  Directors’ or the Board of Supervisors’ review and examination, if the candidates comply with the
                  provisions by law and the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors or the Board of
                  Supervisors shall submit the candidate list, curriculum vitae and basic information in the form of
                  a proposal to the shareholders’ general meeting for deliberation and election. Upon the expiration
                  of the term of office of the Board of Supervisors or in need of replacement of supervisors due to
                  vacancies within the Board of Supervisors, supervisors previously held by the employee
                  representatives of the Company shall still be replaced or by-elected through democratic election
                  among the Company’s staff and workers.




94   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director (continued)
3.   According to Article 101, Article 138 and Article 196 of the Articles of Association, the election of
     directors and supervisors shall comply with the following provisions: (continued)

     (III)   Where a shareholders’ general meeting proposes to discuss election matters of directors and
             supervisors, the notice of the shareholders’ general meeting shall fully disclose the detailed
             information of the proposed candidates for directors and supervisors.

     (IV)    The Company’s Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors and shareholders who hold 1% or more
             of the issued shares of the Company, individually or jointly, may nominate candidates for
             independent directors, who will be decided through election by the shareholders’ general
             meeting. The agreement of the nominee shall be obtained before the nominator nominates him/
             her as an independent director. The nominator shall be fully aware of such details of the
             nominee as occupation, educational background, title, work experience, all concurrent positions
             etc., and shall express his/her/its opinions on the nominee’s qualifications for holding the position
             of independent director and his/her/its independence. The nominee shall make a public
             statement that no relationship exists between himself/herself/itself and the Company that could
             affect his/her/its independent and objective judgments. The Board of Directors of the Company
             shall make the aforementioned information public in accordance with regulations before the
             holding of the shareholders’ general meeting at which the independent director is to be elected.

     (V)     When a shareholders’ general meeting votes on the election of directors and supervisors, the
             cumulative voting method may be implemented pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of
             Association or the resolution of a shareholders’ general meeting. The cumulative voting system
             referred to in the preceding paragraph shall mean that when a shareholders’ general meeting
             elects directors or supervisors, each share shall have the same number of voting rights as the
             number of directors or supervisors to be elected and the voting rights held by a shareholder may
             be used together. The Board of Directors shall announce the curriculum vitae and basic
             information of candidates for directors and supervisors to the shareholders before the holding of
             the shareholders’ general meeting.

     (VI)    Where the shareholders’ general meeting has passed the proposal on the election of the relevant
             directors and supervisors, the newly-elected directors and supervisors shall take office on the
             date when the resolution is passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, unless otherwise
             resolved by the shareholders’ general meeting.

INSURANCE
The Group has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to indemnify the Directors and
senior staff of the Group for their potential liabilities incurred by them in discharging their duties. The Group
reviews the insurance coverage for the Directors and the Group’s senior staff on an annual basis.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   95
     Corporate Governance Report




     POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
     The Company has implemented a proactive and flexible dividend policy. Future profit distributions may be
     carried out in the form of cash dividends or stock dividends or by interim cash profit distributions. The
     dividend policy shall maintain consistency and stability. In case that the legal conditions as mentioned below
     for both cash dividends and stock dividends are satisfied, cash dividends shall prevail.

     The Company’s dividend policy shall be determined by the Board of Directors based on the business
     development and performance of our Company and will be subject to the approval of the shareholders’
     general meeting.

     Subject to the satisfaction of conditions for cash dividend distribution provided in the PRC Company Law,
     the Company shall in principle pay cash dividend once each fiscal year. The Board of Directors may
     propose to pay an interim profit distribution depending on the profitability and capital reserve of our
     Company. In addition, the Board of Directors may put forward a stock dividend distribution proposal in
     addition to cash dividend after considering factors such as our Company’s performance, share price, share
     capital scale and debt structure.

     The Company expects that, in the future, the principal source of profits for the payment of dividends will be
     income from its operating business, and dividends and other payments received from current and future
     direct and indirect subsidiaries. The determination of each subsidiary’s ability to pay dividends is subject to
     applicable law.

     On the basis of the unconsolidated financial statements of the Company and subject to PRC law, the
     Articles of Association and the Company’s capital needs for normal production and operation, planned
     investments and other significant capital outlays, the annual cash dividends shall, in principle, account for at
     least 20%, and contingent upon each year’s performance, not less than 15% of the Company’s net profits
     for the prior fiscal year which are available for distribution and attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
     the Company, calculated in accordance with PRC GAAP.

     After the completion of the Privatisation Proposal of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. and with the
     improvement in the efficiency of capital use and operating capacity, the Company plans to gradually
     increase the dividend rate to 33%, 36% and 40% for 2021, 2022 and 2023 to enhance the return of all
     shareholders.

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing financial statements of the Group in accordance
     with relevant statutory requirements and generally accepted accounting principles and ensuring that the
     financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position. In preparing the financial
     statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Directors have adopted suitable
     accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent and
     reasonable; and prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.




96   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (continued)
The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report of this Annual Report.

The Board aims to present a comprehensive, balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
development and prospects in all corporate communications, including but not limited to annual, interim and
quarterly reports, any price sensitive announcements and financial disclosures required under the relevant
listing rules of the places where it securities are listed and other regulations, any reports to regulators as well
as to information required to be disclosed pursuant to other statutory requirements.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Group is committed to implementing and maintaining effective risk management and internal controls
procedures to identify and manage the risks faced by the Group, as well as to safeguard the interests of the
Group and our shareholders as a whole. The Board would ensure that adequate resources and management
attention will be devoted to strengthen its internal controls and risk management procedures.

The Board is responsible for overseeing adequate internal controls and risk management procedures in the
Group, reviewing their effectiveness on an on-going basis, and ensuring the Management has clearly defined
the authorities and key responsibilities of each business and operational unit for adequate checks and
balances. The Board has delegated to the Management the design, implementation and monitoring of the
Group’s risk management and internal control systems covering all material aspects, including financial,
operational, risk management functions and in compliance with all relevant regulations. Such systems are
designed to manage the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and provide reasonable, but not
absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Board is also responsible for ensuring that the Management has discharged its duty to have an effective
internal control system in terms of the adequacy of resources, qualification and experience of staff of the
Company’s finance and internal audit functions, and their training programme and budget.

Control Environment
—     Risk awareness and control responsibility are built into the company culture and are regarded as the
      foundation of risk management and internal control systems;

—     An effective internal audit function is maintained which is independent from operational management;

—     Whistleblowing Guideline of the Company is in place.

Internal Auditing Function
In response to the broadening of the Group’s scope of business activities and the increase in geographical
locations in which it operates, to face the challenges of the fast growing trend of new business and the
related financial and operational risks, the Group has continuously strengthened the functions of its Internal
Audit Department which provides independent and objective assurance and consulting activity designed to
add value and improve Company’s operations. It helps the Group in accomplishing its objectives by bringing
a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control,
and governance processes.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   97
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
     Internal Auditing Function (continued)
     The Internal Audit Department also provides independent and reasonably assurance that the internal controls
     system is effective and efficient. In order to carry out its functions, the Internal Audit Department is given
     unrestricted access to all business operations and personnel, all business files and accounting records. The
     head of the Department reports directly and regularly to the Audit Committee and CEO respectively on the
     findings of audit matters. The work schedule of the Internal Audit Department is based on an annual audit
     program reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee.

     Risk Management
     An enterprise-wide risk assessment with the Management and key-process owners had been institutionalised
     to identify major risks of all levels and to review the effectiveness of the key controls and mechanisms in
     place. It is intended that the risk management framework would be able to raise risk-awareness within senior
     management such that a safeguarding culture of the Group’s business and assets is to be developed and
     implemented.

     The Internal Audit Department of the Company plays a significant role in the risk management execution.
     Major risks of all levels facing the Group are identified and evaluated, and the management ultimately
     reviewed the identification and evaluation of these risks. Based on these measures, mitigation strategies and
     plans with respect to each key risk identified are developed and implemented, which include establishing or
     enhancing internal controls, with regular review and update so as to mitigate the risks to controllable range.
     The process of the work performed are reported regularly to the Audit Committee and the Board.

     Control Process
     The Company recognizes that the assessment of the internal control system is an on-going process, and
     management enhancements are required to address deficiencies in internal controls over operations,
     compliance and financial and non-financial reporting.

     There is a clearly-defined management structure with specified authority limits and segregated responsibilities
     to achieve business control objectives and safeguard of assets. Guidelines and approval limits for operating
     and capital expenditures are set clearly in advance, with division of operations and financial personnel
     responsible for the different approval processes. An internal budget system as well as expense system have
     been used to enhance the controls and effectiveness embedded in the approval process. Detective controls
     are also in place as safeguards for the business and operational processes.

     The Internal Audit Department establishes an annual internal control review plan for major internal control
     systems covering areas including operational control, financial control and compliance control (including
     review of controls on continuing connected transactions). The review tasks on various internal controls are
     prioritized in accordance with the risk level assessed, or where significant changes have been taken place,
     or where new businesses have been set up.

     During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Internal Audit Department has conducted a review of the
     effectiveness of Group’s internal control system’s procedures on the major business and operational
     processes. Recommendations for further improvements have been reported to the Audit Committee as well
     as Board, together with its findings. Such recommendations have been or are being implemented by the
     Management with regular review.




98   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
Review of Control Effectiveness
The Audit Committee reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems by
reviewing the internal control assessment report of the Internal Audit Department. The Board has, through
the Audit Committee, reviewed and considered that for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s risk
management and internal control systems were effective and adequate.

As part of the audit of the financial statements, the external auditor has issued its standard unqualified
report on their audit of the Company’s internal control on financial reporting system.

Inside Information
The Company has adopted the following procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination
of inside information:

(i)     the Company keeps updated on the obligations under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, the
        applicable listing rules and other statutory regulations with regard to the timely and proper disclosure
        of inside information and authorizes the disclosure through the publication of announcements as
        required;

(ii)    the Company implemented an Inside Information Disclosure Policy which the Company’s spokespersons
        have to strictly follow in communicating with the public;

(iii)   the Company adopted a Model Code for securities transactions by Directors, and by employees who
        are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company on no less exacting
        terms than that for the Directors; and

(iv)    the Company included in the employee conduct code that unauthorised uses of confidential and inside
        information are strictly prohibited.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   99
      Corporate Governance Report




      REMUNERATION OF EXTERNAL AUDITORS
      The domestic and overseas auditors of the Company for 2021 were Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP
      and HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited.

      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the annual audit fees and non-audit fee payable/paid by the
      Group to Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP was RMB7.15 million and RMB2.85 million, respectively.
      The non-audit services mainly included internal control review service.

      The audit fees and non-audit fee payable/paid by the Group to HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited were
      RMB3.74 million and RMB0.15 million, respectively. The non-audit services mainly included review of the
      continuing connected transactions.




      30 March 2022




100   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                 Report of The Directors



The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended
31 December 2021.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to be engaged in smart home business in
China and overseas, evolving around a comprehensive portfolio of home appliances established over the
years, covering primarily refrigeration appliances, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances and
water appliances, with value-added consumer services. There was no significant changes in the nature of the
Group’s principal activities during the year. The principal activity of the Company also includes investment
holding.

Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance,
including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group and an indication of the
Group’s likely future developments, can be found in the Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Business
Review and Financial Review set out on pages 5 to 13 and 25 to 74 of this Annual Report. Such
information forms part of the Report of The Directors.

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the Group’s financial position as at that date
are set out in the financial statements on pages 140 to 307.

The Directors of the Company recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December
2021 of RMB4.60 (2020: RMB3.66) in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax).

SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
appropriate, is set out on page 308. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment, and investment properties of the Group during
the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in notes 14 and 15 to the financial statements, respectively.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   101
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE CAPITAL
      Details of movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out
      in notes 36 to the financial statements.

      Subsequent to the balance sheet date, on 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement
      with a placing agent for a placing of new H Shares of the Company under general mandate. The Company
      intends to further strengthen its financial position through placing and apply the net proceeds mainly to
      support overseas business expansion and investment in ESG related areas. On 21 January 2022, the
      placing of shares had been completed. A total of 41,413,600 H Shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00
      each have been placed to five placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third parties
      independent of and not connected with the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price is
      HK$28.00 per H Share (whilst the closing price per H Share was HK$32.70 on 11 January 2022). The net
      price to the Company, based on estimated expense, is HK$27.77 per H Share.

      The placees were Golden Sunflower, Segantii, PAG Pegasus Fund LP, Janchor and Valliance, which
      respectively subscribed for 34,856,200, 2,185,800, 2,176,400, 1,311,400 and 883,800 placing shares, the
      consideration of which respectively amounted to HK$975,973,600, HK$61,202,400, HK$60,939,200,
      HK$36,719,200 and HK$24,746,400.

      The gross proceeds and net proceeds from the placing amounted to approximately HK$1,159.58 million and
      approximately HK$1,149.98 million respectively. The net proceeds of the placing will be used as to (i) 70%
      for production capacity expansion of overseas industrial parks; (ii) 15% for investment in ESG
      (Environmental, Social, Governance) related areas; (iii) 10% for further digitalization of overseas industrial
      parks; and (iv) 5% for overseas channel expansion and promotion, and is expected to be fully utilised by
      December 2024.




102   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                           Report of The Directors




CONVERTIBLE BONDS
On 21 November 2017, Harvest International Company (the “Issuer”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company, issued the HK$8,000,000,000 Zero Coupon Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due on
21 November 2022 (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds”) which are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) (stock code: 5024). The holders of the HSH Exchangeable Bonds
(the “Bondholders”) are entitled to exchange their HSH Exchangeable Bonds into shares of Haier Electronics
Group Co. Ltd (HEG) (the “HEG Shares”) during the period specified under the terms and conditions of the
HSH Exchangeable Bonds (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions”). In connection with the
privatization of HEG, to provide Bondholders with an alternative investment option in their HSH
Exchangeable Bonds outside the various options available under the HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and
Conditions, the Company has proposed to amend the HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions,
such that, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, after listing of the H shares of the
Company, the HSH Exchangeable Bonds will not be exchangeable into the HEG Shares but will instead be
convertible into the H Shares of the Company (the “EB-to-CB Proposal”). The HSH Exchangeable Bonds
with such amended terms and conditions (the “HSH Convertible Bonds Terms and Conditions”) are hereafter
referred to as the “HSH Convertible Bonds”. The EB-to-CB Proposal has became effective upon listing of H
Shares of the Company on 23 December 2020 and HK$7,993,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the
HSH Convertible Bonds was outstanding initially. The initial conversion price per share of the HSH
Convertible Bonds was approximately HK$19.5961. One time repayment of principal and interest (105.11%
on remaining par value) will be made upon maturity.

During the year, in accordance with the HSH Convertible Bonds Terms and Conditions, the conversion price
per share has been adjusted to approximately HK$18.8369 on 12 January 2021 in connection with the cash
payment by HEG. The conversion price has been further adjusted to approximately HK$18.58 on 23 August
2021 in connection with the declaration and payment of the dividend of the Company.

During the year, a cumulative amount of HK$7,594,000,000 HSH Convertible Bonds were converted into H
Shares of the Company, and the cumulative number of H Shares issued as a result of the conversion was
403,210,889 shares.

Subsequent to the balance sheet date, a cumulative amount of HK$7,713,000,000 HSH Convertible Bonds
were converted into H Shares of the Company, and the cumulative number of H Shares issued as a result
of the conversion was 409,615,623 shares.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions in the relevant PRC laws and the Company’s Articles of Association for granting
pre-emptive rights to the Company’s existing shareholders.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   103
      Report of The Directors




      PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
      COMPANY
      Repurchase of H-Share
      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased certain of its ordinary H-Share on The
      Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and these shares were subsequently cancelled by the Company. The
      summary details of those transactions are as follows:


                                                 Number of
                                                   H-Share         Price per share                Total price
        Months                                 repurchased      Highest          Lowest                  paid
                                                                   HK$             HK$                HK$’M


        May 2021                                  11,908,000       33.20              29.55               378
        June 2021                                 20,444,800       33.00              27.40               622


                                                  32,352,800                                            1,000


      The issued capital H-Share of the Company was reduced by the par value thereof. The premium paid on the
      repurchases of the Company’s H-Share of RMB794 million has been charged to the share premium account
      of the Company. The repurchase of the Company’s H-Share during the year was effected by the directors,
      pursuant to the mandate from shareholders sought at the extraordinary general meeting and the class
      meetings held on 5 March 2021 regarding the repurchases of H-Shares. The total amounts to be
      repurchased within one year from the effective date of the repurchase mandate would not be less than
      HK$1 billion, and such plan of repurchase of H-Share has been completed by June 2021.

      The Directors made the repurchases when the H-Shares were trading at a discount to their underlying value
      so as to flexibly adjust the capital structure of the Company based on market conditions. It would be
      beneficial to the Company’s shareholders who retain their investment in the Company as their proportionate
      interest in the assets and earnings of the Company would increase in proportion to the number of H-Shares
      repurchased by the Company.




104   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                          Report of The Directors




PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY (continued)
Repurchase of A-Share
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased certain of its ordinary A-Share on The
Shanghai Stock Exchange. The summary details of those transactions are as follows:


                                    Number of
                                      A-Share                Price per share                     Total price
 Months                           repurchased             Highest          Lowest                       paid
                                                             RMB             RMB                    RMB’M


 March 2021                          2,715,800              30.09                28.79                     81
 April 2021                          1,398,900              32.34                31.12                     44
 May 2021                           16,470,517              32.80                28.15                    489
 June 2021                          42,491,349              30.00                25.45                  1,153
 July 2021                           8,762,400              27.10                24.89                    227
 November 2021                       7,653,400              27.74                25.39                    208


                                    79,492,366                                                          2,202


The repurchases of the Company’s A-Share during the year was effected by the directors, pursuant to a
board resolution passed on 5 March 2021 regarding the repurchase of A-Share.

A total of 79,492,366 A-Shares were repurchased during the year but not yet cancelled, of which
25,440,807 A-Shares has been transferred to the A-Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan during July
2021. The balance of A-Shares repurchased but not yet cancelled as at end of year is 54,051,559 shares,
and will be used in other share incentive plans of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any
of the Company’s listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2021.

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in note 53
to the financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
At 31 December 2021, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the
provisions of the Company Law of the PRC, amounted to approximately RMB4.47 billion, of which RMB4.32
billion has been proposed as a final dividend for the year.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   105
      Report of The Directors




      ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
      We believe good ESG management is of vital importance for us to maintain stable enterprise operations,
      deal with sudden threats, and seize development opportunities. The Group has established the ESG
      management structure covering overseas systems at the levels of governance, management, and
      implementation. During the year, the Company’s Board of Directors has established ESG Committee, which
      fully supervises matters related to ESG and performs relevant ESG management duties on behalf of the
      Board of Directors. Meanwhile, we have issued the Code of Commercial Conduct of Haier to guide the
      relevant tasks related to ESG. The Company also officially joined United Nations Global Compact (UNGC),
      which aims to promote sustainable development and social responsibility. The Company is committed to the
      ten principles of the Global Compact, which cover the human rights, labour standards, environment and
      anti-corruption based on United Nation Convention, to further enhance the Company’s sustainable
      development. Centering on the five dimensions including “commercial ethics, sustainable products,
      sustainable operation, inclusiveness and diversity, and community participation”, we have formulated the ESG
      strategy to guide us to carry out ESG management in global operations.

      The Group would gradually incorporate impact of climate change into the Company’s strategic
      considerations and risk management processes. To support the achievement of the national “double carbon”
      target, the Company has established an internal carbon target management system covering the entire
      industry chain. In combination with the business development goals and previous annual emission level and
      resource usage, the Group would set clear quantitative emission and resource goals, and actively cooperate
      with upstream and downstream industrial chain units, from raw material manufacturers to logistics
      enterprises, from consumers to recycling and dismantling factories, to achieve carbon reduction throughout
      the product lifecycle. The Group would integrate global user and supply chain resources to create and
      develop an environmental-friendly and society-harmonious green value chain. The Group would actively
      uphold corporate responsibility and protect employees’ rights and interests, while giving back to the society,
      by carrying out public welfare activities and bringing warmth to the society.

      We strive to minimise any material adverse impact on the environment resulting from our business activities
      and create a healthy and safe environment for our employees and communities. We have comprehensive
      environmental, health and safety management policies and systems, formulated with the involvement of our
      directors, in respect of environmental protection and conservation and the safety and health of our
      employees and the communities in which we operate, to ensure that we meet compliance requirements on
      environment, social and governance.

      We constantly improve the modern enterprise governance structure, continue to standardise the internal
      governance structure and actively create a good external governance environment, and effectively
      safeguarded the interests of all shareholders.

      Further discussions of these activities are in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which are
      issued separately.




106   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Report of The Directors




COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
The Board is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with
legal and regulatory requirements, with the assistance of the Internal Audit Department, the Legal
Department and the Board Secretary office of the Company. The Company has in place compliance
procedures to ensure adherence to the laws and regulations that are relevant to the Group.

The Group’s staff are regularly briefed and updated from time to time on the relevant changes in laws and
regulations so as to enhance their awareness of compliance obligations.

We are of the view that, the Group had complied, in all material respects, with all relevant laws and
regulations in the jurisdictions we operate in during the year. Particularly, our business operated in the PRC
territory complied with relevant PRC laws and regulations in all material respects, and no material
administrative penalties imposed on us have been found that may have a material adverse effect on our
Group’s business operations. We have formed a culture of compliance by implementing various measures
and processes to ensure that the behaviour of our employees meets compliance requirements and our
compliance culture is embedded into our everyday workflow.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
In the year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of the
total sales for the year. Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of
the total purchases for the year.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, Haier Group Corporation, the substantial shareholders of the
Company, had beneficial interests in one of the Group’s five largest suppliers.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders of the
Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued
share capital had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   107
      Report of The Directors




      DIRECTORS
      The Directors of the Company during the year were:

      Executive directors:                                 Independent non-executive directors:
      Mr. LIANG Haishan (Chairman)                         Mr. DAI Deming (retired with effect from
      Mr. LI Huagang (Chief Executive Officer)               25 June 2021)
      Mr. XIE Juzhi (Vice Chairman) (appointed with        Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
        effect from 5 March 2021)                          Mr. WONG Hak Kun
                                                           Mr. LI Shipeng (appointed with effect from
      Non-executive directors:                               5 March 2021)
      Ms. TAN Lixia (Vice Chairwoman) (retired with        Mr. WU Qi (appointed with effect from 25 June 2021)
       effect from 30 March 2021)
      Mr. WU Changqi
      Mr. LIN Sui
      Mr. YU Hon To, David (appointed with effect
       from 5 March 2021)
      Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (appointed with effect
       from 5 March 2021)

      Ms. TAN Lixia retired as Non-executive Director and Vice Chairwoman of the Company with effect from
      30 March 2021. Ms. TAN had taken this decision due to working reason that she intends to devote more
      time and effort on other business she is responsible.

      Mr. DAI Deming retired as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 25 June
      2021 as his term of office has expired.

      The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of Mr. CHIEN Da-chun,
      Mr. WONG Hak Kun, Mr. LI Shipeng and Mr. WU Qi, and as at the date of this report, the Board still
      considers them independent on the basis of such confirmations.

      DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
      BIOGRAPHIES
      Biographical details of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company and the senior management of the
      Group are set out on pages 14 to 24 of the annual report.

      CHANGES OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
      Below are the changes of Directors’ information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
      Listing Rules since the publish of the Company’s 2021 interim report:

      Mr. YU Hon To, David has retired as an independent non-executive director of New Century Asset
      Management Limited (the manager of New Century Real Estate Investment Trust (Hong Kong listed
      stock code: 1275) with effect from 1 September 2021. Mr. YU has also retired as an independent
      non-executive director of China Renewable Energy Investment Limited (Hong Kong listed stock code: 987)
      with effect from 1 January 2022.




108   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                             Report of The Directors




CHANGES OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Mr. WONG Hak Kun was appointed as an independent non-executive director of Hangzhou SF Intra-City
Industrial Co., Ltd (Hong Kong listed Stock code: 9699) with effect from 30 November 2021.

Mr. WU Changqi has resigned as an independent non-executive director of Beijing Media Corporation
Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong listed stock code: 01000) with effect from 25 November 2021.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
During the year, no Director or Supervisors had a service contract with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation,
other than statutory compensation.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY
A Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance is in place to protect the Directors and officers of the Group
against any potential liability arising from the Group’s activities which such directors and officers may be
held liable.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The Directors’ fees are subject to shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are
determined by the Company’s Board with reference to Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance
and the results of the Group. Details of directors’ remuneration are set out in notes 8 and 13 to the
financial statements.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, no director or supervisor nor a
connected entity of a director or supervisor had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company,
the holding companies of the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a
party during the year.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, none of the Directors is interested in any
businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
Group.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   109
      Report of The Directors




      DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES
      At 31 December 2021, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive in
      the share capital and underlying shares (“Share(s)”) of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
      meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register
      required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
      Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or
      pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, were as follows:

      Long positions in shares of the Company:


                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                          Approximate percentage* of
                                                                                                        percentage* of shareholding
                                                                                                          shareholding interest in the
                                                       Class of             Number                      interest in the    total share
                                                       Shares             of Shares Nature of           relevant class capital of the
          Names                Positions               to be held        to be held interest                 of Shares       Company


          Mr. LIANG Haishan    Chairman of the Board A Shares             16,411,209 Beneficial owner          0.2601%           0.1746%
                                 and Executive
                                 Director

          Mr. LI Huagang       Executive Director and A Shares               764,145 Beneficial owner          0.0121%           0.0081%
                                 Chief Executive      H Shares               812,145 Beneficial owner          0.0288%           0.0086%
                                 Officer

          Mr. XIE Juzhi        Vice Chairman of the    H Shares              715,444 Beneficial owner          0.0254%           0.0076%
                                  Board and
                                  Executive Director

          Mr. YU Hon To,       Non-Executive           H Shares              810,000 Beneficial owner          0.0287%           0.0086%
            David                Director

          Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun Non-Executive             H Shares              355,200 Beneficial                0.0126%           0.0038%
                               Director                                                owner

          Mr. LIU Dalin        Chairman of the Board H Shares                 21,355 Beneficial                0.0008%           0.0002%
                                 of Supervisors                                        owner

          Ms. MA Yingjie       Supervisor              A Shares                3,904 Beneficial owner          0.0001%           0.0000%

      *       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2021 totalling 9,398,704,530
              comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,819,137,903 H Shares, representing approximately 67.12%, 2.88%
              and 29.99% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




110   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                             Report of The Directors




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
Long positions in shares of the Company: (continued)

Apart from above, the following Directors, Supervisors and chief executive are also the grantees of the A
Share ESOP (2021) and H Share ESOP (2021) of the Company:


                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                             percentage* of         shareholding
                                                                             Number of          shareholding      interest in the
                                                                            outstanding       interest in the         total share
                                                         Class of             shares of       relevant class       capital of the
    Names                      Positions                 Shares                   ESOP             of Shares            Company


    Mr. LIANG Haishan          Chairman of the Board A Shares                    972,132             0.0154%              0.0103%
                                 and Executive       H Shares                  1,129,344             0.0401%              0.0120%
                                 Director

    Mr. LI Huagang             Executive Director and A Shares                   137,400             0.0022%              0.0015%
                                 Chief Executive      H Shares                   159,620             0.0057%              0.0017%
                                 Officer

    Mr. XIE Juzhi              Vice Chairman of the A Shares                      94,011             0.0015%              0.0010%
                                  Board and Executive H Shares                   109,214             0.0039%              0.0012%
                                  Director

    Mr. LIU Dalin              Chairman of the Board A Shares                      31,406            0.0005%              0.0003%
                                 of Supervisors

    Ms. MA Yingjie             Supervisors               A Shares                   7,886            0.0001%              0.0001%

    Mr. YU Miao                Supervisor                A Shares                   6,225            0.0001%              0.0001%

*       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2021 totalling 9,398,704,530
        comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,819,137,903 H Shares, representing approximately 67.12%, 2.88%
        and 29.99% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021      111
      Report of The Directors




      DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Long positions in underlying shares of the Company pursuant to share options:


                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                        Approximate percentage* of
                                                                                                     percentage* of    shareholding
                                                                                                        shareholding interest in the
                                                                                    Number of         interest in the    total share
                                                                                 share options        relevant class  capital of the
                                                                                  granted and        of Shares upon Company upon
                                                                 Class of              not yet           exercise of    exercise of
          Names                       Positions                  Shares              exercised         share options  share options


          Mr. LIANG Haishan           Chairman of the Board A Shares                     913,900             0.0145%              0.0097%
                                        and Executive
                                        Director

          Mr. LI Huagang              Executive Director and A Shares                    913,900             0.0145%              0.0097%
                                        Chief Executive
                                        Officer

          Mr. XIE Juzhi               Vice Chairman of the A Shares                      913,900             0.0145%              0.0097%
                                         Board and Executive
                                         Director

      note    The exercise price of each of the above A Share options is RMB25.63 for subscription of one share. The exercisable period is from
              15 September 2022 to 15 September 2027.


      *       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2021 totalling 9,398,704,530
              comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,819,137,903 H Shares, representing approximately 67.12%, 2.88%
              and 29.99% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




112   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                           Report of The Directors




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
Long positions in the shares of the Associated Corporations:


                                                                                                Percentage
                                                                                               Shareholding
                                                                                                     in the
                                                            Name of Associated                   Associated
 Name                              Position                 Corporations                       Corporations


 Mr. LIANG Haishan                Chairman of the Board   Haier Electrical Appliances             0.000008%
                                   and executive Director   (Thailand) Company
                                                            Limited
                                                          P.T. Haier Electrical                     0.00002%
                                                            Appliances Indonesia
                                                          P.T. Haier Sales Indonesia                   0.01%
                                                          Haier Pakistan (Private)                   0.0167%
                                                            Limited
                                                          HNR Company (Private)                      0.0002%
                                                            Limited
                                                          Haier Russia Trading                           0.1%
                                                            Company LLC


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, none of the Directors and chief executive had any
interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporation
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers.

SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
The Company operates share award schemes (ESOP) as approved by the Board on 28 April 2016 (the
“2016 Share Award Scheme”), 27 February 2017 (the “2017 Share Award Scheme”), 24 April 2018 (the
“2018 Share Award Scheme”) and 29 April 2019 (the “2019 Share Award Scheme”, together with the 2016
Share Award Scheme, 2017 Share Award Scheme and 2018 Share Award Scheme, the “Share Award
Schemes”), respectively. The awards granted or to be granted under the Share Award Schemes (the “Share
Awards”) form part of the remuneration packages for the employees of our Company. The terms of the
Share Award Schemes are similar to each other, and the Share Award Schemes have been operating in
accordance with their terms.

The Share Award Schemes are funded by the internal incentive funds established by the Company. The
Shares under the Share Award Schemes shall be purchased from secondary markets. The Share Award
Schemes are also entitled to subscribe the Shares to be issued under non-public issuance or placings of the
Company from time to time on a fair basis.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   113
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      The duration of each Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 60 months for the 2016 Share Award Scheme
      and 2017 Share Award Scheme and 36 months for the 2018 Share Award Scheme and 2019 Share Award
      Scheme (the “Duration”), commencing from the time when the Company announces the registration of the
      underlying Shares to the Share Award Schemes. Upon expiry of the Duration, the Share Award Schemes
      shall be terminated, subject to any extension as may be approved by the Board.

      The Share Awards granted under the Share Award Schemes shall be generally subject to a two-year period
      (the “Vesting Period”) to assess the fulfilment of the vesting conditions (the “Vesting Conditions”). The
      Vesting Conditions were specifically designed by the Board for each tranche of the Share Awards granted to
      a particular selected participant. All Vesting Conditions contain in general objective criteria. Within the
      respective Durations, the Share Award Management Committee are entitled to prolong or shorten the
      assessment period and adjust the proportions of Share Awards to vest with certain selected participants
      under the Share Award Schemes. For each of the Share Award Schemes, upon expiry of the respective
      lock-up periods, the Share Awards shall vest with the selected participants in two tranches, while the
      specific time and proportion of Shares to be vested shall be determined by the Share Award Management
      Committee based on review of the performance of each selected participants. In particular, if the Share
      Award Management Committee has decided that the performance of a selected participants in the
      respective tranche(s) of assessment period had fully fulfilled his or her assessment standards, then (i) 40% of
      the Share Awards originally granted to such selected participant shall be vested at the end of the first year
      of the two-year assessment period (Tranche One); and/or (ii) 60% of the Share Awards originally granted to
      such selected participant shall be vested at the end of the second year of the two-year assessment period
      (Tranche Two).

      Vesting during the year (A-Shares)
      During the year, according to the results of personal assessment, 1,783,038 shares of 2016 Share Award
      Scheme were vested in 33 participants; 1,132,832 shares of 2017 Share Award Scheme were vested in 116
      participants; 179,351 shares of 2018 Share Award Scheme were vested in 32 participants. In particular, the
      details of shares vested in the directors and supervisors of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                            2016 & 2017 & 2018
                                                                                          Award Scheme shares
                                                                                              (A-Shares) vested
        Names                                         Positions                                during year 2021


        LIANG Haishan                                 Director                                            647,127
        TAN Lixia                                     Director                                            517,702
        WANG Peihua                                   Supervisor                                           21,334
        MING Guoqing                                  Supervisor                                           13,938


      During the year, vesting of shares of the 2016 Share Award Scheme were completed and all assets of the
      share award scheme are monetary funds. In accordance with the relevant provisions, the 2016 Share Award
      Scheme has been implemented and terminated.




114   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Report of The Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Vesting during the year (A-Shares) (continued)
During the year, all outstanding unvested 721,736 and 5,374,465 shares held by the 2017 Share Award
Scheme and 2018 Share Award Scheme, respectively, have been sold, and all assets of these share award
schemes are monetary funds. In accordance with the relevant provisions, the aforementioned schemes have
been implemented and terminated.

During the year, 8,719,368 shares of 2019 Share Award Scheme vested in 575 participants. In particular, the
details of shares vested in the directors and supervisors of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                     2019 Award Scheme
                                                                                 shares (A-Shares) vested
 Names                                  Positions                                        during year 2021


 LIANG Haishan                          Director                                                       841,035
 LI Huagang                             Director                                                        69,538
 MA Yingjie                             Supervisor                                                       3,904


Thereafter, 2,551,292 shares of 2019 Share Award Scheme remained outstanding and unvested. The
duration of 2019 Share Award Scheme is 36 months (since 16 July 2019). Upon the completion of vesting
and liquidation of assets, the Share Award Schemes shall be early terminated.

Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPS, and H-Shares restricted
shares award scheme
The Company adopted the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025), the H Share
Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025) and the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme
(RSU) at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2021 (AGM).

It is expected that relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside within Mainland China will mainly be
covered by the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, while relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside
outside Mainland China will mainly be covered by the RSU Scheme.

The A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme are designed to provide incentive to middle and senior
management and core employees with the Company’s two to three-year profit target and business unit and
individual performance target as the main appraisal benchmarks.

Pursuant to the authorisation sought at the AGM, the Board has the sole discretion of determining the list of
employees entitled to participate in the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP and the allocation for subsequent
phases, based on the rules of the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, changes in the workforce and
performance assessment results, and are authorized to make adjustments. The Board or its delegatee may,
from time to time, select any eligible person to be a selected participant in accordance with the RSU
Scheme Rules.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   115
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPS, and H-Shares restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      A Share ESOP (2021)
      The purposes of the ESOP are to drive employees’ entrepreneurship and innovation with “Rendanheyi”; to
      enhance corporate governance mechanism and create shareholders’ value; and to attract talents and
      innovate the remuneration management system of the Company.

      Participants of the ESOP shall be the directors (except for independent directors), supervisors and senior
      officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries.

      The ESOP for each year shall be independent of each other, but the total number of shares held by each
      established and existing ESOP (including A share ESOP and H share ESOP) shall not exceed 10% of the
      total share capital of the Company, and the total number of shares corresponding to a single employee’s
      share in the existing ESOPs shall not exceed 1% of the total amount of the Company’s share capital.

      The total amount of funds to be used to participate in the ESOP for 2021 was RMB708 million. Pursuant to
      the arrangement of the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021), 25,440,807 A Shares
      (amounting to approximately RMB707 million, excluding related fees and tax expenses) held in the
      designated securities repurchase account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. were transferred to the designated
      account of “Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021)” at the
      price of RMB27.79 per share (which is the average purchase cost price of the shares in the designated
      repurchase account) through non-trading transfer on 22 July 2021.

      Such proportion of shares will be locked up in accordance with the regulations. According to the A Share
      ESOP (2021–2025), the A Share ESOP is subject to a 12-month lock-up period from the date of the
      Company’s disclosure of the announcement of the completion of the transfer of the repurchased A Shares
      from the designated securities repurchase account of the Company (i.e., from 24 July 2021 to 23 July
      2022).

      After the end of the lock-up period, the Participants shall be appraised according to the performance
      appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is generally two years in the proportion of 40% and
      60%, and the final appraisal period and the vesting proportion shall be determined by the Management
      Committee of the ESOP.

      With the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting, the board of directors shall have the right to decide on
      the establishment of an independent ESOP for each year from 2021 to 2025 based on the actual needs.
      The duration of each ESOP shall not exceed five years, calculated from the time when the Company
      announces that the underlying shares obtained in the last time for each year are recorded to the ESOP for
      that year. After the expiration of the duration, the ESOP shall be terminated, or may be extended after being
      approved by the board of directors with the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting.




116   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                          Report of The Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPS, and H-Shares restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
A Share ESOP (2021) (continued)
The A Share ESOP (2021) Participants include 14 persons of directors, supervisors and other senior
management members, and 1,585 core technical (business) employees with a total holding of RMB707
million. The details of the directors and supervisors of the Company in the A Share ESOP (2021) are as
follows:


                                                                                      As a percentage of
                                                                     Number of             A Share ESOP
 Names                             Positions                          A Shares                     (2021)


 LIANG Haishan                     Director                              972,132                       3.82%
 LI Huagang                        Director                              137,400                       0.54%
 XIE Juzhi                         Director                               94,011                       0.37%
 LIU Dalin                         Supervisor                             31,406                       0.12%
 MA Yingjie                        Supervisor                              7,886                       0.03%
 YU Miao                           Supervisor                              6,225                       0.02%


 Subtotal                                                             1,249,060                        4.91%
 Other Employees (1,593 persons)                                     24,191,747                       95.09%


 Total                                                               25,440,807                         100%


H Share ESOP (2021)
The purposes of the ESOP are to drive employees’ entrepreneurship and innovation with “Rendanheyi”; to
enhance corporate governance mechanism and create shareholders’ value; and to attract talents and
innovate the remuneration management system of the Company.

Participants of the ESOP shall be the directors (except for independent directors), supervisors and senior
officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries.

The ESOP for each year shall be independent of each other, but the total number of shares held by each
established and existing ESOP (including A share ESOP and H share ESOP) shall not exceed 10% of the
total share capital of the Company, and the total number of shares corresponding to a single employee’s
share in the existing ESOPs shall not exceed 1% of the total amount of the Company’s share capital.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   117
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPS, and H-Shares restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share ESOP (2021) (continued)
      The total amount of funds to be used to participate in the ESOP for 2021 was RMB90 million. Pursuant to
      the arrangement of the H Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021), the Company entrusted an
      asset management company to purchase a total of 3,757,000 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
      market through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average transaction price of HK$28.268 per share
      and a transaction amount of approximately HK$106 million. The aforesaid purchased shares will be subject
      to lock-up for a period from 27 July 2021 to 26 July 2022.

      After the end of the lock-up period, the Participants shall be appraised according to the performance
      appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is generally two years in the proportion of 40% and
      60%, and the final appraisal period and the vesting proportion shall be determined by the Management
      Committee of the ESOP.

      With the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting, the board of directors shall have the right to decide on
      the establishment of an independent ESOP for each year from 2021 to 2025 based on the actual needs.
      The duration of each ESOP shall not exceed five years, calculated from the time when the Company
      announces that the underlying shares obtained in the last time for each year are recorded to the ESOP for
      that year. After the expiration of the duration, the ESOP shall be terminated, or may be extended after being
      approved by the board of directors with the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting.

      The participants of the H Share ESOP are 35 core senior management staff members of the Company who
      play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company. The details of the
      directors of the Company in the H Share ESOP (2021) are as follows:


                                                                                           As a percentage of
                                                                             Number of         H Share ESOP
        Names                                   Positions                     H Shares                  (2021)


        LIANG Haishan                           Director                       1,129,344                 30.06%
        LI Huagang                              Director                         159,620                  4.25%
        XIE Juzhi                               Director                         109,214                  2.91%


        Subtotal                                                               1,398,178                 37.22%
        Other Employees (32 persons)                                           2,358,822                 62.78%


        Total                                                                  3,757,000                   100%




118   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                 Report of The Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPS, and H-Shares restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021)
The purposes of the RSU Scheme are to stimulate the pro-activeness of the eligible persons, encourage
their innovation to create value, enhance profit, achieve competitive goals, and ultimately maximise return for
the shareholders; to promote the strategic development and realize the goals of the Company; to optimise
the remuneration structure of the Group’s employees; to attract, motivate and retain core capable talents of
the Group for the future business development and expansion of the Group.

Eligible Person who may participate in the RSU Scheme include any individual, being an employee, director,
supervisor, senior management, key operating team member of any member of the Group who the Board or
its delegatee considers, in their sole discretion, to have significantly contributed or will significantly contribute
to the development of the Group.

Subject to the RSU Scheme Rules, the Company and/or the delegatee may from time to time instruct the
trustee in writing to subscribe or acquire H Shares on the Stock Exchange and to hold them on trust for the
benefit of the selected participants on and subject to the terms and conditions of the RSU Scheme Rules
and the Trust Deed.

The Board or the delegatee may grant Awards to selected participants during the award period conditional
upon fulfilment of terms and conditions of the Awards and performance targets as the Board or the
delegatee determines from time to time.

The Board shall not make any further grant which will result in the aggregate number of H Shares granted to
exceed one per cent (1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date. The total
number of RSU granted but remain unvested to a selected participant under the RSU Scheme shall not
exceed zero point one per cent (0.1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date.

The vesting of the Award granted under the RSU Scheme is subject to the conditions of the relevant
business unit(s) and personal performance targets of the relevant Selected Participant and any other
applicable vesting conditions as set out in the award letter.

Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021), the Company entrusted
an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 4,538,400 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
market, with a transaction amount of approximately HK$124 million.

During the year, a total of 4,438,027 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by 52
staff members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who
play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.




                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   119
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPS, and H-Shares restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021) (continued)
      The following table discloses movements in the Company’s H Share RSU during the year:


                                                           Number of H Share RSU

                                    At      Granted     Vested    Cancelled         Lapsed          At                   Vesting
        Name or category     1 January       during     during       during         during 31 December Date of grant    period of
        of Participants          2021      the year    the year    the year        the year       2021       of RSU         RSU


        Other employees
        In aggregate                —      4,438,027         —           —               —    4,438,027    30/7/2021,   1/8/2022-
                                                                                                            1/9/2021,   1/8/2024
                                                                                                          15/12/2021


                                    —      4,438,027         —           —               —    4,438,027


      The fair values of the RSU granted during the year were approximately HK$116 million (HK$26.1 each), of
      which the Group recognised a restricted share expense of RMB17 million during the year.

      At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had 4,438,027 H Share RSU
      outstanding under the RSU Scheme, which represented approximately 0.16% of the Company’s total
      number of H Shares in issue as at that date.

      The particulars regarding dilution effect of the H Share RSU are set out in note 12 to the financial
      statements.




120   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                           Report of The Directors




A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Company adopted a 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “A Share Option Incentive Scheme”) at
the extraordinary general meeting held on 15 September 2021. This scheme is an additional measure that
builds on the Company’s A Share and H Share Employee Stock Ownership Schemes and Restricted Share
Unit Scheme to further enhance employee incentives.

To drive the achievement of the Company’s longer term target, further enhance the development of high-end
scenario-based brand and smart household business, the Company introduced the A Share Option Incentive
Scheme to provide incentive to the core management members with five or six-year appraisal period and
higher profit targets than those under the A Share and H Share ESOP.

The participants of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme are core management staff that have made
significant contribution to the Company’s overall performance and long-term development, specifically
including Directors and senior management of the Company; the general manager and department manager
of business divisions of the Company. The participants under the A Share Option Incentive Scheme exclude
the Company’s Independent Directors, Supervisors, the Shareholders individually or in aggregate holding 5%
or more of the Shares of the Company.

The total number shares of the Company to be granted under the A Share Option Incentive Scheme within
the validity period to any participants will not exceed 1% of the total number of shares of the Company. The
total underlying shares of the Company involved under fully effective share option incentive schemes shall
not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the Company as at the date of the announcement of the
incentive scheme.

For the A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 51,000,000 Share Options to
the Participants. Among which, first 46,000,000 to be granted and 5,000,000 to be reserved.

During the year, on 15 September 2021, the Company firstly granted 46,000,000 A Share options to 400
participants (included directors of the Company). On 15 December 2021, the Company granted 4,525,214
reserved share options to 18 participants under the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme. The remaining
reserved share options under the A Share Option Incentive Scheme will not be further granted.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   121
      Report of The Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      The following table discloses movements in the Company’s A Share options outstanding during the year:


                                                                    Number of A-Share options

                                                                                                                                                        Exercise price
                                                                                                                        Date of grant                        of share
                                            At      Granted    Exercised     Cancelled                            At        of share        Exercise      options per
           Name or category of       1 January       during       during        during Lapsed during 31 December             options       period of share (note 2)
           Participants                  2021      the year      the year     the year          the year        2021         (note 1) share options              RMB


           Executive directors
           Mr. LIANG Haishan                —       913,900            —            —                 —      913,900      15/09/2021    15/09/2022 to            25.63
                                                                                                                                          15/09/2027
           Mr. LI Huagang                   —       913,900            —            —                 —      913,900      15/09/2021    15/09/2022 to            25.63
                                                                                                                                          15/09/2027
           Mr. XIE Juzhi                    —       913,900            —            —                 —      913,900      15/09/2021    15/09/2022 to            25.63
                                                                                                                                          15/09/2027


           Other employees
           In aggregate                     —     43,258,300           —            —                 —    43,258,300     15/09/2021    15/09/2022 to            25.63
                                                                                                                                          15/09/2027
           In aggregate                     —      4,525,214           —            —                 —     4,525,214     15/12/2021    15/12/2022 to            25.63
                                                                                                                                          15/12/2027


                                            —     50,525,214           —            —                 —    50,525,214


      Notes


      1.         The share options granted will be valid for a maximum period of 72 months commencing from the grant date to the date of full
                 exercise or cancellation of all share options granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant date
                 of share options granted under the Incentive Scheme, and subject to the satisfaction of the Exercise Conditions, the participants
                 may exercise the options in five yearly phases of 20% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share options is from
                 the date of grant until the respective vesting dates.


      2.         The exercise price of the share options under the first grant and the reserved portion is not lower than the carrying amount of the
                 shares, nor lower than the higher of the followings: (1) the average trading price of the A Shares on the trading day preceding the
                 announcement of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme, and (2) the average trading price of the A Shares for the last 20 trading
                 days preceding the announcement of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme. The number and exercise price of the share options is
                 subject to adjustment(s) in the event of any distribution of dividends, capitalisation issue, bonus issue, sub-division or consolidation
                 of shares and rights issue in accordance with the provisions of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme.


      The closing price of the Company’s A Share immediately before the two grant dates of the A Share options
      were RMB28 per share and RMB33 per share, respectively.

      As at 31 December 2021, the Company had 50,525,214 A Share options outstanding under the A Share
      Option Scheme. Should the share options be fully exercised, the Company will receive approximately
      RMB1,295,000,000 (before issue expenses).

      The particulars regarding dilution effect of the share options are set out in note 12 to the financial
      statements.




122   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Report of The Directors




DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES IN OR
DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
Save as the share awards (ESOPs and RSU scheme) and share options granted and vested to the Directors
and supervisors, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2021 were rights to acquire benefits by
means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors, supervisors or
their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them, or was the
Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to
enable the Directors and supervisors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
The Group has contracts with Haier Corp and their subsidiaries and/or associates (collectively referred to as
“Haier Affiliates”) for the transactions include those for Property Leasing Framework Agreement, Services
Supply Framework Agreement, Services Procurement Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Sales
Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and Financial Services
Framework Agreement (and renewed agreement). Further details of the transactions undertaken in
connection with these contracts during the year are included in the section “CONNECTED
TRANSACTIONS”.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
Save as (i) the convertible bonds issued under the EB-to-CB Proposal, and (ii) the A-Share option incentive
scheme, the Company has not engaged in any equity-linked agreement during the year ended 31 December
2021.

Subsequent to the balance sheet date, on 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement
with a placing agent for a placing of new H Shares of the Company under general mandate. A total of
41,413,600 H Shares have been placed to five placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third
parties independent of and not connected with the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing
price is HK$28.00 per H Share.

Certain directors and supervisor of the Company have invested indirectly in the structured notes issued by
Golden Sunflower, one of the places, through the trusts and asset management schemes. The details of
their capital contribution are as follows:


                                                             Amount contributed        Relevant number of
 Name                              Position                     (In HK$ million)            placing shares


 Mr. LIANG Haishan                Director                                    18.35                    655,305
 Mr. LI Huagang                   Director                                    18.35                    655,305
 Mr. XIE Juzhi                    Director                                    11.01                    393,183
 Mr. LIU Dalin                    Supervisor                                   4.89                    174,629




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   123
      Report of The Directors




      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES
      At 31 December 2021, the following shareholders who have interest in 5% or more of the issued share
      capital of the Company were recorded in the register of substantial shareholders as required to be kept by
      the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

      Long positions:


                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                        Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                                      percentage* of       shareholding
                                      Class of          Number of                                       shareholding         in the total
                                      Shares                Shares                                    in the relevant   share capital of
          Name of Shareholder         to be held        to be held Nature of interest                class of Shares      the Company


          Haier Group                 A Share         2,608,458,364 Beneficial owner                         41.35%              27.75%
            CorporationNotes 1 to 4
                                                                    Interest in controlled
                                                                       corporation
                                                                    Interest through voting rights
                                                                       entrustment arrangement
                                      H Share           538,560,000 Interest in controlled                   19.10%               5.73%
                                                                       corporation
                                      D Share            58,135,194 Interest in controlled                   21.45%               0.62%
                                                                       corporation

          Haier COSMO Co.,            A Share         1,258,684,824 Beneficial owner                         19.95%              13.39%
            Ltd.Notes 1 and 2

          HCH (HK) Investment         H Share           538,560,000 Beneficial owner                         19.10%               5.73%
            Management Co.,
            LimitedNote 3

          Haier International Co.,    D Share            58,135,194 Beneficial owner                         21.45%               0.62%
            LimitedNote 4

          Other H Class
            ShareholdersNote 5

          Other D class
            ShareholdersNote 6

      *        The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2021 totally 9,398,704,530
               comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,819,137,903 H Shares, representing approximately 67.12%, 2.88%
               and 29.99% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




124   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                    Report of The Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
Notes:


1.       Haier Group Corporation holds directly 1,072,610,764 A Shares. In addition, Haier Group Corporation indirectly owns or controls (i)
         1,258,684,824 A Shares through Haier COSMO Co., Ltd. (海爾卡奧斯股份有限公司) (formerly Haier Electric Appliances International
         Co., Ltd.), one of its subsidiaries, (ii) 172,252,560 A Shares through Qingdao Haier Venture & Investment Information Co., Ltd., one
         of its subsidiaries and (iii) 104,910,216 A Shares through Qingdao Haichuangzhi Management Consulting Enterprise (Limited
         Partnership), a party acting in concert with Haier Group Corporation. (note: Qingdao Haichuangzhi Management Consulting
         Enterprise (Limited Partnership) also engaged in refinancing and securities lending business, involving a total of 1,700,000 A Shares,
         whilst the ownership of which had not been transferred.)


2.       Haier Group Corporation holds 51.20% of the issued shares in Haier COSMO Co. Ltd. (海 爾 卡 奧 斯 股 份 有 限 公 司) (formerly Haier
         Electric Appliances International Co., Ltd.), and is also entitled to exercise the remaining 48.80% voting rights in Haier Cosmo Co.,
         Ltd. through an irrevocable voting rights entrustment arrangement.


3        HCH (HK) Investment Management Co., Limited (“HCH (HK)”) holds 538,560,000 H Shares. Haier Group Corporation controls 100%
         voting rights in HCH (HK), thus is deemed to be interested in the 538,560,000 H Shares held by HCH (HK).


4.       Haier International Co., Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group Corporation. Therefore, Haier Group Corporation is
         deemed to be interested in the 58,135,194 D Shares held by Haier International Co., Limited.


5.       JPMorgan Chase & Co. held 254,907,602 H Shares, representing approximately 9.04% of the total number of H Shares. BlackRock,
         Inc. held 150,907,093 H Shares, representing approximately 5.35% of the total number of H Shares.


6.       Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd. held 54,007,663 D Shares, representing approximately 19.93% of the total number of D Shares; Morgan
         Stanley held 23,121,466 D Shares, representing approximately 8.53% of the total number of D Shares.


Short positions and Lending pools:

JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a short position of 4,949,290 H Shares, representing approximately 0.18% of
the total number of H Shares; and had a lending pool of 49,132,982 H Shares, representing approximately
1.74% of the total number of H Shares. BlackRock, Inc. had a short position of 476,600 H Shares,
representing approximately 0.02% of the total number of H Shares.

Morgan Stanley had a short position of 22,625,142 D Shares, representing approximately 8.35% of the total
number of D Shares.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, no person, other than the Directors of the Company,
whose interests are set out in the section “Directors’ interests and short positions in shares and underlying
shares” above, had registered an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021         125
      Report of The Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
      Haier Group directly and indirectly own 34.10% of the voting rights of the Company. Haier Group, together
      with its associates as defined under Rule 14A.13 of the Listing Rules, are therefore the Company’s
      connected persons by virtue of Rules 14A.07(1) and 14A.07(4) of the Listing Rules.

      The Board of the Company approved on 29 October 2021 that, the Company acquired 10.00% equity
      interest in Dalian Haier Refrigerator Co., Ltd. (大 連 海 爾 電 冰 箱 有 限 公 司), 3.94% equity interest in Qingdao
      Haier Special Freezer Co., Ltd. (青 島 海 爾 特 種 電 冰 櫃 有 限 公 司), and 100% equity interest in Qingdao Haier
      Quality Testing Co., Ltd. (青島海爾質量檢測有限公司), all the equity interests were held by the Haier Group,
      for the considerations of RMB39.6 million, RMB28.85 million and RMB36.3 million, respectively, amounting to
      RMB104.75 million in cash. As at the end of the reporting period, the transactions were completed. These
      transactions constitute connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and
      have complied with the disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      Continuing Connected Transactions
      Following the listing of the Company by way of introduction on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange (in the form of H Shares) for the privatisation of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. by the
      Company, the transactions between members of the Group and Haier Group constitute continuing
      connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. These connected
      transactions have complied with the disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      The non-exempt continuing connected transactions include those for Property Leasing Framework
      Agreement, Services Supply Framework Agreement, Services Procurement Framework Agreement, Products
      and Materials Sales Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and
      Financial Services Framework Agreement. These continuing connected transaction agreements shall remain
      in force from the listing date of H-shares to 31 December 2022 (except that the Financial Services
      Framework Agreement remained in force for the period from the listing date of H-Shares of the Company to
      25 June 2021 (date of the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company) and has been renewed and the
      Renewed Financial Services Framework Agreement shall remain in force up to 31 December 2023). Further
      details and reasons of these transactions are as follows:




126   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                Report of The Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had the following material transactions with Haier
Group:

                                                           Cap Amounts             Transaction Amounts
                                                                  2021                 2021            2020
                                                  Notes        RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000


  Property Leasing Framework
    Agreement                                      (i)          180,000              106,000               114,000
  Services Supply Framework
    Agreement                                      (ii)         349,000              214,000               308,000
  Services Procurement Framework
    Agreement                                      (iii)      5,608,000           5,477,000              4,808,000
  Products and Materials Sales
    Framework Agreement                            (iv)       4,963,000           2,955,000              3,153,000
  Products and Materials Procurement
    Framework Agreement                            (v)       22,550,000          19,197,000            19,115,000
  Financial Services Framework
    Agreement                                      (vi)


                                                           Cap Amounts              Transaction Amounts
                                                                  2021                   2021              2020
                                          Notes                RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000


  Deposit Services                         (vi)
  (a) Maximum daily outstanding balance                      29,000,000             28,655,000            24,987,000
  (b) Interest income                                           870,000                340,000                86,000
  Loan Services                            (vi)
  (a) Maximum daily outstanding balance                       5,000,000                557,000             3,628,000
  (b) Interest expense                                          200,000                  8,000                86,000
  Other Financial Services                 (vi)
  (a) Maximum daily trading balance of
         Foreign exchange derivative
         products                                             5,500,000              2,612,000             4,418,000
  (b) Service fee                                                80,000                 23,000                18,000




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   127
      Report of The Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Notes:


      (i)      The Group rents certain properties from Haier Group and its associates from time to time for the Group offices and business uses,
               for which Haier Group charges the Group rental and other charges. The purpose is that our Group has historically occupied certain
               properties owned by Haier Group and its associates for our offices and business uses. Since the relocation of such entities of our
               Group to other premises would result in unnecessary interruptions to our business and would incur unnecessary additional
               expenses, our Group entered into the Property Leasing Framework Agreement with Haier Group to ensure continuing smooth
               operation of our Group and to save costs.


               The pricing policy (including but not limited to the rental and services fees to be paid by our Group to Haier Group and its
               associates, payment progress and method) would be negotiated between Haier Group and its associates and our Group at arm’s
               length basis, with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of transactions with independent third parties.


      (ii)     The Group has provided certain sales-related services mainly comprising after-sale services and value-added consumer services, such
               as installation, calibration, consultation, repair and maintenance and technical support and other services to Haier Group and its
               associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


               The purpose is that our Group has also entered into the Products Sales Framework Agreement with Haier Group, pursuant to which
               our Group would provide certain Products and Materials for Sale to Haier Group and its associates from time to time. The provision
               of sales-related services under the Services Supply Framework Agreement provides Haier Group with a one-stop solution in relation
               to its demands for Products and Materials for Sale from us. The enhancement of purchase experience of Haier Group through
               provision of sales-related services helps our Group maintain a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group.


               Pricing for the after-sale and value-added services provided by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the
               Services Supply Framework Agreement varies taking into account the type and nature of each type of services, and pricing
               increases when a higher degree of technicality or costs are involved for the required service. Each type of services would be
               provided on terms no less favourable to our Group than those prevailing in the PRC market for the services of the same or
               comparable type, nature and quality and at similar time, with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of
               transactions with independent third parties.


      (iii)    The Group would purchase certain services mainly include logistics services, advertising, promotional and marketing services and
               other comprehensive services from Haier Group and its associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


               The purpose is that the Group and Haier Group have a long-term and stable business relationship. Haier Group is familiar with our
               business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements, and is able to supply relevant services we needed on
               a constant basis. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier
               Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for the relevant services in a stable and quality manner.


               The fees to be paid by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the Services Procurement Framework Agreement
               would be determined with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of transactions with independent third
               parties, or negotiated by the parties on an arm’s-length basis by taking into consideration factors including but not limited to actual
               costs and expenses and market conditions. The prices and terms shall be no less favourable than those offered to our Group by
               independent third parties.


      (iv)     The Group has to provide certain products and materials mainly include products for internal consumption, components and raw
               materials for production use and full-suite smart home solutions, including ancillary products and services to Haier Group and its
               associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


               The purpose is that the Group is familiar with Haier Group’s business process and needs, quality standards and operational
               requirements, and is able to supply the Products and Materials for Sale needed by Haier Group on a constant basis and provides
               our Group with a stable income. Our Directors believe that maintaining a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group
               will facilitate our current and future business operations. In addition, our Group is able to leverage on the centralised procurement
               platforms to source the components and materials requested by Haier Group from time to time at a relatively lower cost and profit
               from the spread offered, thereby enjoying benefits from economies of scale.




128   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                Report of The Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Notes: (continued)


(iv)   (continued)


       The fees to be charged for the Products and Materials for Sale to be sold by our Group to Haier Group and its associates
       pursuant to the Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement would be at such prices to be agreed between the parties, in
       particular:

       —      The prices of sales of products and the smart home solutions would be determined taking into account the type of products
              and solutions, retail volume, market conditions and others, and would be not lower than the price of products and solutions
              of the similar nature, type and quality provided by our Group to comparable independent third parties in the market.

       —      The prices of sales of components and materials would be determined based on actual sales prices of the components and
              materials plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and administrative
              expenses of the members of our Group in providing the components and materials) of no more than 1.25%.


       The sales (including the applied discount rates and commission fee rates) would be on terms no less favourable to our Group than
       those prevailing in the PRC market for products, components and materials of the same or comparable type, nature and quality and
       at similar time as well as those offered by our Group to independent third parties.


(v)    The Group has to procure certain products and materials mainly comprising products for internal consumption and resale uses,
       production and experimental equipment used, idled, procured and/or tailor-made by Haier Group and its associates for the Group
       internal consumption use, and raw materials and parts required for production use from Haier Group and its associates on a
       non-exclusive basis, from time to time.


       The purpose is that Haier Group is familiar with our business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements,
       and is able to supply the Products and Materials to Procure needed by us on a constant basis. Our Group is allowed to leverage
       on the scale and efficiency of the centralised procurement platform of Haier Group and its associates for its production operations
       of different segments thereby lowering our Group’s procurement costs. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with
       Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for
       relevant stable and quality products, equipment and materials.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the products to procure would be negotiated by the
       parties at arm’s length basis on terms no less favourable than those offered to our Group by independent third parties. In the event
       that there are no appropriate independent third parties providing products and materials of same or similar quality, our Group will
       refer to the fees and terms of products of same or similar quality provided by Haier Group and its associates to independent third
       parties, cost of products and materials, estimated value and market price for comparison and referencing purpose.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the equipment to procure would be determined
       based on arm’s length negotiation after taking into account various factors such as the sources, depreciation, and net asset values
       of such equipment, relevant cost and expense (such as purchase price of such equipment, relevant operational and administrative
       expenses, etc.), with reference to the estimated values and market prices, which is determined based on the historical prices paid
       by our Group to independent third parties in procuring the equipment of similar type and quality.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the materials to procure would be determined based
       on the actual cost (for example, prices obtained by Haier Group and/or its associates through bidding process (if applicable) or
       other actual purchase prices) plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and
       administrative expenses of Haier Group and its associates in providing the materials) of no more than 1.25%, or based on market
       prices.




                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021        129
      Report of The Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      (vi)    Haier Group and its associates mainly Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Limited and Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (collectively
              “Haier Group Finance”) etc., provided financial services mainly comprising deposit services, Loan services and entrusted loan
              services and other financial services to the Group on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


              The purpose is that Haier Group Finance, as enterprise group finance companies specialising in home appliance industry, can,
              subject to the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission provide a chain of various financial solutions
              to our Group in a more efficient and flexible manner than independent commercial banks. The benefits to our Group to use the
              financial services of Haier Group Finance include: (i) Haier Group Finance’s better understanding of the operations and development
              needs of our Group which should allow more expedient and efficient provision of various tailor-made packaged financial services to
              our Group than other external banks in the PRC; and (ii) the enhanced cost savings by reducing the amount of finance fees and
              charges payable to external banks when Haier Group Finance can offer more favourable terms than those offered by external
              banks.


              In terms of deposit services, pursuant to the Financial Services Framework Agreement, in respect of domestic RMB deposits, Haier
              Group and its associates provides deposit services to our Group, referring to the benchmark deposit interest rate announced by the
              PBOC on its official website for the same period from time to time, at an interest rate no less favourable than the highest interest
              rate for the same type of deposits as quoted by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, China
              Construction Bank, Bank of China and all the listed national joint stock banks in the PRC. Overseas deposits in RMB and foreign
              currencies are implemented in accordance with market principles, and the interest rate of similar deposits is more favourable than
              the highest interest rate of commercial banks available to the Group.


              In terms of loan services, Haier Group and its associates would provide loans to our Group at a price no less favourable than the
              market prices determined at arm’s length basis with reference to the borrowing rate for the same type of loans charged by other
              two to three major financial institutions/commercial banks. The entrusted loan services provided by Haier Group and its associates
              as a financial service institution for our Group are provided on a free-of-charge basis. Our Group may use the internet banking
              system of Haier Group and its associates for settlement on a free-of-charge basis.


              In terms of provision of Other Financial Services, the fees charged by Haier Group and its associates would be determined based
              on relevant market prices with reference to the benchmark rates published by the PBOC on its official website from time to time; if
              there is no such benchmark rates published by the PBOC for that kind of financial service, the fee would be determined with
              reference to, amongst other factors, the rates charged by other major financial institutions/commercial banks for the same types of
              services and on terms no less favourable than those offered by independent commercial banks/financial institutions in the PRC to
              our Group. Haier Group and its associates pools its resource advantages to obtain the lowest service fees and the best services
              from external financial institutions, and agrees that Haier Group and its associates would not charge any intermediate fees except
              those charged by external banks. In addition, Haier Group and its associates agrees to waive all the service fees to be paid by our
              Group to Haier Group and its associates, including without limitation, POS fees, account management fees, online banking
              activation fees, inquiry fees, deposit certificate fees, credit certificate fees, and internal settlement fees.


      The internal audit department of the Company reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the
      adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control procedures, and provided the findings to the independent
      non-executive Directors to assist them in performing their annual reviews. The independent non-executive
      Directors also made appropriate enquiries with the management to ensure that they have sufficient
      information to review the transactions and the internal control procedures. The INEDs have reviewed the
      continuing connected transactions set out above and have confirmed that these continuing connected
      transactions were entered into:

      (i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

      (ii)    on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
              independent third parties; and

      (iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
              in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.




130   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                             Report of The Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
The amounts of the continuing connected transactions have not exceeded the caps disclosed in (i) the listing
document for the Company’s H Shares, or (ii) other previous announcements published by the Company.

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, the Company’s auditors, were engaged to report on the Group’s
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with
reference to Practice Note 740 Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng
Limited, have issued their unqualified letter to the Board containing their findings and conclusions in respect
of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of
the Listing Rules as follows:

a.   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing
     connected transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors.

b.   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their
     attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in
     accordance with the pricing policies of the Group.

c.   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not
     entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
     transactions.

d.   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions set out in the
     above list of continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their attention that causes the
     auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual
     caps as set by the Company.

A copy of the auditor’s letter will be provided by the Company to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in April
2022.

Save as disclosed in this chapter, none of the related party transactions set out in note 13 to the financial
statements constitute connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and/or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

DONATIONS
During the year, the Company’s expenditure on charitable donation was approximately RMB37.79 million.

TAXATION POLICIES FOR DIVIDEND
Taxation policies applicable to the shareholders in respect of the cash dividend received for the shares held
by them in the Company shall follow the laws and regulations as revised from time to time by the state,
details in relation thereto will be otherwise announced by the Company.



                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   131
      Report of The Directors




      SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
      Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as
      at the date of this report, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public,
      and the H Shares was more than 15% of our Company’s total number of issued shares. Therefore, the
      Company is able to meet the minimum public float requirement under the Listing Rules.

      EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Details of the significant events of the Group after the reporting period are set out in note 54 to the financial
      statements.

      AUDITORS
      There have been no changes of auditors in the preceding three years, and Hexin Certified Public
      Accountants LLP audited the 2021 annual financial statements prepared by the Company in accordance with
      Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (PRC Accounting Standards).

      HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited audited the 2021 annual financial statements prepared by the Company
      in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.




      On behalf of the Board




      Liang Haishan
      Chairman

      Qingdao, the PRC
      30 March 2022




132   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                    Independent Auditors’ Report




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
HAIER SMART HOME CO., LTD.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 140 to 307, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021, the consolidated statement of profit or
loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code
of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   133
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
        Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter


        Provision for impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets

        Refer to Notes 2.3, 17 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements

        The Group had goodwill and other intangible         Our procedures in relation to the management’s
        assets with carrying amounts of approximately       impairment assessment included:
        RMB21,827 million and RMB8,498 million
        respectively as at 31 December 2021.                •      Evaluating the competency, capabilities and
                                                                   objectively of the independent professional
        This impairment assessment conclusion was
                                                                   external valuer;
        arrived at based on estimation of the recoverable
        amount of individual cash generating unit to
                                                            •      Assessing the appropriateness of the methodology
        which the goodwill and other intangible assets
                                                                   and key assumptions and inputs used based on
        were allocated as at 31 December 2021 using
        the value-in-use model, which required exercise            our knowledge of the business and of the relevant
        of management judgment with respect to the                 industry and using our valuation experts;
        determination of appropriate discount rate and
        estimation of forecasted cash flows for the         •      Challenging management about the valuation
        financial projection period, in particular future          reasonableness of key assumptions and inputs
        revenue growth.                                            used, based on our knowledge of the business
                                                                   and industry; and
        We focused on this area due to the size of
        the balances and the impairment assessment          •      Checking, on sampling basis, the accuracy and
        required significant management’s judgements.              relevance of the input data used.
        Independent external valuation obtained in order
        to support management’s impairment assessment       Based on the procedures performed, we found the
        as at 31 December 2021.                             management judgement and estimates used in
                                                            impairment assessment were supported by the
                                                            available evidence.




134   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                    Independent Auditors’ Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
 Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories

 Refer to Notes 2.3 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements

 As at 31 December 2021, the Group had                Our procedures in relation to the management’s
 inventories of approximately RMB39,863 million       assessment on the valuation of the inventories
 and recognised provision for obsolete and slow-      included:
 moving inventories of approximately RMB1,058
 million to statement of profit or loss during the    •      Evaluating the estimates made by management
 year ended 31 December 2021.
                                                             and used to determine the value of provision for
                                                             obsolete and slow-moving inventories during the
 The provision against obsolete and slow-moving
                                                             year and compare to the provisions made in prior
 inventories was estimated based on the net
 realisable value of the inventories with reference          year;
 to the latest selling prices and current market
 conditions.                                          •      Performing a recalculation, on a sample basis, of
                                                             the inventory provision made on individual
 Management judgement was involved in estimate               inventories;
 the selling price for inventories, the costs of
 completion and the costs necessary to make the       •      Sample checking on the subsequent selling price
 sale.                                                       of finished goods; and

 We focused on this area due to the size of           •      Checking the ageing profile of inventories, the
 the balances and the judgement exercised by                 historical sales and usage records of the
 management in determining value of provision for            inventories.
 the obsolete and slow-moving inventories.
                                                      Based on the procedures performed, we considered
                                                      management’s judgement and estimates in the
                                                      provision assessment against obsolete and
                                                      slow-moving inventories, to be supported by the
                                                      available evidence.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   135
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
        Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


        Provision for product warranties

        Refer to Notes 2.3 and 33 to the consolidated financial statements

        As at 31 December 2021, the Group had                 Our procedures in relation to the management’s
        provision. for product warranties of approximately    assessment on provision for product warranties
        RMB3,681 million. Product warranty provisions         included:
        were made with reference to the sales volume and
        the expected unit costs for warranty services.        •      Evaluating the estimates made by management
                                                                     and used to determine the provision for product
        The assessment of the provision amount involved
                                                                     warranties during the year and comparing to the
        management assumptions, judgements and
                                                                     provisions made in prior year;
        estimates.

        We focused on this area due to the size of the        •      Performing a recalculation, on a sample basis, of
        balances and the management’s judgements                     the provision made;
        were required in determining the value of provision
        for product warranties.                               •      Sample checking on the subsequent costs of
                                                                     warranty services; and

                                                              •      Comparing the provision made by the Group and
                                                                     the operation result of the Group.

                                                              Based on the procedures performed, we considered
                                                              management’s judgement and estimates in the
                                                              provision assessment for product warranties, to be
                                                              supported by the available evidence.




136   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                    Independent Auditors’ Report




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’
report thereon (the “Other Information”).

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report
that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance our agreed terms of engagement, and for
no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   137
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
      skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
            due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
            evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
            a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
            involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
            are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
            effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

      •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
            and related disclosures made by the directors.

      •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
            based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
            conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
            conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
            the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
            to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
            auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
            going concern.

      •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
            the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
            transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
            activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
            responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
            responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
      of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
      identify during our audit.

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
      may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
      threats or safeguards applied.




138   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                    Independent Auditors’ Report




AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Tien Sun Kit, Jack.




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Tien Sun Kit, Jack
Practising Certificate Number: P07364

Hong Kong, 30 March 2022




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   139
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                              2021           2020
                                                                    Notes   RMB’M         RMB’M
                                                                                        (Restated)


        REVENUE                                                      5       227,531      209,701
        Cost of sales                                                       (158,059)    (148,867)


        Gross profit                                                          69,472       60,834
        Other gains or losses                                        5         2,056         3,994
        Selling and distribution expenses                                    (36,554)     (33,641)
        Administrative expenses                                              (20,230)     (17,924)
        Finance costs                                                7          (714)       (1,321)
        Share of profits and losses of associates                              1,886         1,620


        PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                            6       15,916        13,562
        Income tax expenses                                          10      (2,699)        (2,233)


        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                  13,217        11,329


        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
           subsequently periods:
           Share of other comprehensive loss of associates                       (50)        (342)
           Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
             instrument for cashflow hedges, net of tax                          101           (97)
           Exchange differences on translating foreign operations             (1,400)      (2,004)


                                                                              (1,349)      (2,443)


        Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in
           subsequent periods:
           Changes arising from re-measurement of defined
             benefit plans                                                        36           (23)
           Change in fair value of equity investments designated
             at fair value through other comprehensive income
             (“FVTOCI”), net of tax                                            1,165         (110)


                                                                               1,201         (133)


        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR,
         NET OF TAX                                                             (148)      (2,576)


        TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                              13,069         8,753




140   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                   2021                   2020
                                              Notes              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                     (Restated)


Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                           13,067                  8,883
  Non-controlling interests                                          150                  2,446


                                                                  13,217                11,329


Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                           12,935                  6,346
  Non-controlling interests                                          134                  2,407


                                                                  13,069                  8,753


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
 ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

  — Basic (RMB per share)                      12                    1.41                  1.34


  — Diluted (RMB per share)                    12                    1.40                  1.31




                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   141
      Consolidated Statement of
      Financial Position
      As at 31 December 2021




                                                                    2021         2020
                                                          Notes   RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                            (Restated)

        NON-CURRENT ASSETS
        Property, plant and equipment                      14      26,981      24,845
        Investment properties                              15          25          28
        Right-of-use assets                               16(a)     3,785       3,901
        Goodwill                                           17      21,827      22,518
        Other intangible assets                            18       8,498       8,957
        Interests in associates                            19      23,232      21,569
        Equity investments designated at FVTOCI            20       4,849       2,659
        Financial assets measured at amortised cost        22         309         331
        Derivative financial instruments                   23          47          47
        Long-term prepayments                              26       1,860       1,404
        Deferred tax assets                                35       1,855       2,208
        Other non-current assets                                      578         760

        Total non-current assets                                   93,846      89,227

        CURRENT ASSETS
        Inventories                                        24      39,863      29,447
        Trade and bills receivables                        25      27,986      30,066
        Contract assets                                   31(a)       304         263
        Prepayments, deposits and other receivables        26       6,415       5,214
        Financial assets measured at fair value through
          profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                         21       2,786       2,165
        Financial assets measured at amortised cost        22         317         554
        Derivative financial instruments                   23          80          78
        Pledged deposits                                   27         755         822
        Other deposit with limited use                     27         145           4
        Cash and cash equivalents                          27      44,958      45,641

                                                                  123,609    114,254
        Assets and disposal group held for sale            28           5         17

        Total current assets                                      123,614    114,271

        CURRENT LIABILITIES
        Trade and bills payables                           29      67,368      57,545
        Other payables and accruals                        30      25,305      23,308
        Contract liabilities                              31(b)    10,017       6,270
        Interest-bearing borrowings                        32      17,968      12,643
        Lease liabilities                                 16(b)       687         671
        Tax payable                                                 1,305       1,372
        Bonds                                              43          —        5,535
        Provisions                                         33       2,190       1,881
        Derivative financial instruments                   23          80         239
        Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL            42           6          27

        Total current liabilities                                 124,926    109,491




142   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                          As at 31 December 2021




                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                             Notes              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)

 NET CURRENT (LIABILITIES)/ASSETS                                                 (1,312)                4,780

 TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                           92,534                94,007

 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                  32                  3,075                11,858
 Lease liabilities                                           16(b)                1,961                 2,073
 Convertible bonds                                            44                    335                 6,714
 Deferred income                                             34(a)                  723                   551
 Deferred tax liabilities                                     35                  2,122                 1,900
 Provisions for pensions and similar obligations              49                  1,173                 1,246
 Provisions                                                   33                  1,949                 1,443
 Other non-current liabilities                                                      112                    89

 Total non-current liabilities                                                   11,450                25,874

 Net assets                                                                      81,084                68,133

 EQUITY
 Share capital                                                36                  9,399                 9,028
 Reserves                                                    38(a)               70,413                57,810

 Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                    79,812                66,838
 Non-controlling interests                                   38(b)                1,272                 1,295

 Total equity                                                                    81,084                68,133


The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on
30 March 2022 and signed on its behalf by:




                 Mr. Liang Haishan                                      Mr. Li Huagang
                     Chairman                                          Executive Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   143
144

                                                                                                                                                                                              Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Exchange
                                                                                                                                                 Remeasurement                                    Equity                                                  differences
                                                                                                                                                     of defined     Cash flow                   method          Reserve      Convertible                on translation                 Treasury                                   Non-
                                                                                                                             Issued    Capital     benefit plans      hedges     FVTOCI     investments           funds          bonds      Retained           reserve        Other      shares       Total                 controlling     Total
                                                                                                                              equity   reserve          reserve       reserve    reserve         reserve   (Note 38(a)(i))     reserves       profits (Note 38 (a)(iii))   reserves     reserve    reserves       Total       interests    equity
                                                                                                                    Notes   RMB’M      RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      As at 31 December 2021


                                                At 1 January 2020, as previously reported                                    6,580      3,637                60            4         (29)            18            2,654              431    32,469               1,265        798          —       41,307      47,887         17,103     64,990
                                                Effect of business combination under common control (Note 2)                    —          (1)               —             —          —              —                —                —         16                  —          —           —           15          15             —          15


                                                At 1 January 2020 (Restated)                                                 6,580      3,636                60             4        (29)            18            2,654              431    32,485               1,265        798          —       41,322      47,902         17,103     65,005
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Consolidated Statement of
                                                Profit for the year (Restated)                                                   —         —                 —             —          —              —                 —               —       8,883                 —          —           —        8,883       8,883          2,446     11,329
Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021




                                                Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                                                  — Share of other comprehensive income of associates                            —         —                 —             —          —            (369)               —               —          —                  —          —           —          (369)       (369)            27       (342)
                                                  — Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
                                                       instrument for cashflow hedges, net of tax                                —         —                 —           (104)        —              —                 —               —          —                  —          —           —          (104)       (104)             7         (97)
                                                  — Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                       —         —                 —             —          —              —                 —               —          —              (1,991)        —           —        (1,991)     (1,991)           (13)    (2,004)
                                                  — Changes arising from re-measurement of defined
                                                       benefit plans                                                             —         —                 (23)          —          —              —                 —               —          —                  —          —           —           (23)        (23)            —         (23)
                                                  — Change in fair value of equity investments designated at
                                                          FVTOCI                                                                 —         —                 —             —         (50)            —                 —               —          —                  —          —           —           (50)        (50)           (60)      (110)


                                                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                   —         —                 (23)        (104)       (50)          (369)               —               —       8,883             (1,991)        —           —        6,346       6,346          2,407      8,753
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Changes in Equity
                                                Dividend paid to owners of the Company                                           —         —                 —             —          —              —                 —               —      (2,467)                —          —           —        (2,467)     (2,467)            —      (2,467)
                                                Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                       —         —                 —             —          —              —                 —               —          —                  —          —           —            —           —            (726)      (726)
                                                Cash payment paid to scheme shareholders under the
                                                   privatization proposal (Note 38(b))                                           —         —                 —             —          —              —                 —               —          —                  —          —           —            —           —          (2,513)    (2,513)
                                                Transfer to reserves fund                                                        —         —                 —             —          —              —               390               —        (390)                —          —           —            —           —              —          —
                                                Disposal of subsidiaries                                                         —         —                 —             —          —               2               —                —          —                  12         (25)        —           (11)        (11)        (1,277)    (1,288)
                                                Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result
                                                   in a loss of control                                                          —       (835)               —             —         (80)            57                —               —          —                 179         —           —          (679)       (679)        2,362       1,683
                                                Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                         —          —                —             —          —              —                 —               —          —                  —          —           —            —           —        (16,061)    (16,061)
                                                Privatisation of a subsidiary by issue of new shares, net of
                                                   transaction costs                                                         2,448     13,372                —             —          —              —                 —               —          —                  —          —           —       13,372      15,820              —     15,820
                                                Purchase of treasury shares                                                     —          —                 —             —          —              —                 —               —          —                  —          —           (29)        (29)        (29)            —         (29)
                                                Exchanged from exchangeable bonds to Convertible bonds                          —      (1,937)               —             —          —              —                 —          1,934           —                  —          —            —            (3)         (3)           —           (3)
                                                Other changes                                                                   —           —                —             —          —              —                 —             —            (41)               —          —            —          (41)        (41)            —         (41)


                                                At 31 December 2020 (Restated)                                               9,028     14,236                37          (100)      (159)          (292)           3,044          2,365      38,470                (535)       773          (29)    57,810      66,838          1,295     68,133
                                                                                                                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                                              Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Exchange
                                                                                                                                                  Remeasurement      Cash flow                              Equity                        Convertible                    differences                     Treasury
                                                                                                                                   Share-based        of defined        hedges          FVTOCI            method           Reserve             bonds                  on translation                       shares                                   Non-
                                                                                                              Issued    Capital      payments       benefit plans       reserve         reserve       investments            funds           reserves      Retained          reserve         Other        reserve         Total               controlling      Total
                                                                                                               equity   reserve         reserve          reserve (Note 38(a)(iv)) (Note 38(a)(v))          reserve    (Note 38(a)(i))   (Note 38(a)(ii))     profits (Note 38 (a)(iii))   reserves (Note 38(a)(vi))    reserves     Total       interests     equity
                                                                                                      Notes   RMB’M     RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M              RMB’M            RMB’M             RMB’M         RMB’M             RMB’M        RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M


                                                At 1 January 2021 (Restated)                                    9,028    14,236              —                37             (100)           (159)           (292)             3,044              2,365      38,470               (535)       773               (29)     57,810    66,838          1,295     68,133


                                                Profit for the year                                                —         —               —                 —               —               —                —                 —                  —       13,067                 —           —                —       13,067    13,067            150     13,217
                                                Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                                                  — Share of other comprehensive income of
                                                         associates                                                —         —               —                 —               —               —               (50)               —                  —            —                 —           —                —          (50)       (50)            —         (50)
                                                  — Effective portion of changes in fair value of
                                                        hedging instrument for cashflow hedges,
                                                        net of tax                                                 —         —               —                 —             103               —                —                 —                  —            —                 —           —                —         103        103              (2)      101
                                                  — Exchange differences on translating foreign
                                                        operations                                                 —         —               —                 —               —               —                —                 —                  —            —             (1,386)         —                —       (1,386)    (1,386)           (14)    (1,400)
                                                  — Changes arising from re-measurement of
                                                        defined
                                                        benefit plans                                              —         —               —                36               —               —                —                 —                  —            —                 —           —                —          36         36              —         36
                                                  — Change in fair value of equity investments
                                                        designated at FVTOCI                                       —         —               —                 —               —            1,165               —                 —                  —            —                 —           —                —        1,165     1,165              —       1,165


                                                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                     —         —               —                36             103            1,165              (50)               —                  —       13,067             (1,386)         —                —       12,935    12,935            134     13,069


                                                Dividend payable to owners of the Company                          —         —               —                 —               —               —                —                 —                  —        (3,411)               —           —                —       (3,411)    (3,411)            —      (3,411)
                                                Dividend payable to non-controlling interests
                                                   (Note 41)                                                       —         —               —                 —               —               —                —                 —                  —            —                 —           —                —           —          —             (63)       (63)
                                                Transfer to reserves fund                                          —         —               —                 —               —               —                —                393                 —          (393)               —           —                —           —          —              —          —
                                                Recognition of equity settled share-based payment                  —         —             262                 —               —               —                —                 —                  —            —                 —           —                —         262        262              —        262
                                                Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that
                                                   do not result in a loss of control                              —      (100)              —                 —               —               —                —                 —                  —            —                 —           —                —         (100)      (100)           (94)      (194)
                                                Business combination under common control                          —       (36)              —                 —               —               —                —                 —                  —            —                 —           —                —          (36)       (36)            —         (36)
                                                Purchase of treasury shares                                        —         —               —                 —               —               —                —                 —                  —            —                 —           —            (3,221)     (3,221)    (3,221)            —      (3,221)
                                                Share repurchased and cancelled (Note 36)                        (32)     (794)              —                 —               —               —                —                 —                  —            —                 —           —               826          32         —              —          —
                                                Issue of shares upon conversion of convertible
                                                   bonds (Note 44)                                               403      8,211              —                 —               —               —                —                 —              (2,246)          —                 —           —                —        5,965     6,368              —       6,368
                                                Other changes                                                     —          (2)             —                 —               —               —                 1                —                  —          176                  2          —                —          177       177              —         177


                                                At 31 December 2021                                             9,399    21,515            262                73                3           1,006            (341)             3,437                119      47,909             (1,919)       773            (2,424)     70,413    79,812          1,272     81,084




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        As at 31 December 2021
Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity




145
      Consolidated Statement of
      Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                2021          2020
                                                                      Notes   RMB’M        RMB’M
                                                                                         (Restated)


        Cash flows from operating activities
        Profit before tax                                                     15,916        13,562
        Adjustments for:
          Finance costs                                                7          714        1,321
          Interest income                                              5         (625)        (574)
          Share of profits and losses of associates                            (1,886)      (1,620)
          Dividends income from equity investment designated at
             FVTOCI                                                    5          (59)          (21)
          Gain on disposal of financial assets/liabilities measured
             at FVTPL, net                                             5         (393)          (70)
          Gain on disposal of associates and subsidiaries, net                     (5)      (2,261)
          (Gain)/loss on disposal of non-current assets, net                      (90)         111
          Fair value gain on financial assets/liabilities at
             FVTPL, net                                                5        (119)           (62)
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                14      3,433         3,413
          Depreciation of investment properties                        15          1              2
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                         16(a)      759           715
          Amortisation of other non-current assets                     6          37             36
          Amortisation of other intangible assets                      18        830           929
          Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories, net      6       1,058         1,015
          Impairment of trade and bills receivables, net               25        418           131
          Impairment of prepayments, deposits and other
             receivables and long-term prepayments, net                26        428           265
          Impairment of property, plant and equipment                  14          4             1
          Impairment of interests in associates                        19         —             44
          Impairment of other intangible assets                        18         30            46
          Equity-settled share-based expense                           6         262           289


        Operating cash inflow before movements in working
          capital                                                              20,713       17,272
        Increase in inventories                                               (11,474)       (3,118)
        Decrease/(increase) in trade, bills and other receivable                5,028        (5,383)
        Increase in trade, bills and other payable                             10,764       10,284
        Change in other working capital                                           100           142


        Cash generated from operations                                        25,131        19,197
        Interest received                                                        566            438
        Income tax paid                                                       (2,567)        (2,026)


        Net cash generated from operating activities                          23,130        17,609




146   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                   2021                   2020
                                                              Notes              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


Cash flows from investing activities
Payment for purchases of non-current assets                                        (7,372)               (7,602)
Proceeds from disposal of non-current assets                                          290                   324
Payment for acquisition of subsidiaries,
  net of cash acquired                                                               (263)                 (323)
Cash (outflow)/inflow from disposal of subsidiaries, net of
  cash disposed                                                                      (220)                  861
Payment and proceeds for acquisition and disposal of
  associate                                                                          (140)                 (215)
Payment and proceeds for purchases and disposal of
  equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                            (736)                    (5)
Dividends received from associates, equity investment
  designated at FVTOCI, interest received from financial
  assets measured at amortised cost and financial assets
  at FVTPL                                                                            611                   523
Net (payments for acquisition)/proceeds from financials
  assets measured at amortised cost and financial assets
  at FVTPL                                                                           (237)                1,163


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                        (8,067)               (5,274)


Cash flows from financing activities
Contribution from shareholders of the company                                          —                      24
Repurchases of shares                                                             (3,221)                     —
Transaction costs attributable to issue of new shares                               (178)                    (49)
Proceed from borrowings                                                           12,053                 23,232
Repayment of borrowings                                                          (14,050)               (23,509)
Proceeds from bonds                                                                   —                   5,500
Repayment of bonds                                                                 (5,500)                    —
Redemption of convertible and exchangeable bond                                        —                      (6)
Dividends paid to shareholders                                                     (3,411)               (2,467)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                           (51)                 (820)
Cash payment paid to scheme shareholders under the
   privatization proposal                                                              —                 (2,513)
Lease payments                                                                       (769)                 (728)
Interest paid for borrowings                                                         (555)                 (989)
Net proceed of changes in ownership interests in
   subsidiaries                                                                        41                 1,299


Net cash flows used in financing activities                                      (15,641)                (1,026)




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   147
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                            2021         2020
                                                                  Notes   RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                                    (Restated)


        Net (decrease)/increase in cash
         and cash equivalents                                               (578)      11,309

        Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                45,641       34,969

        Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                        (105)        (637)


        Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                      44,958       45,641


        ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH
          EQUIVALENTS
        Non-pledged cash and bank balances                                24,051       22,757
        Time deposits                                                     20,907       22,884


        Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of
          financial position                                              44,958       45,641




148   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP
     The predecessor of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) was
     Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, which was established in 1984. In 1989, based on the reorganization of
     the original Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, a limited company was set up by directional fund raising of
     RMB150 million. In 1993, after converting to a public subscription company and issuing additional 50
     million shares to the public, the A shares of the Company were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange in
     November 1993. The D shares and H shares of the Company were listed on The Frankfurt Stock
     Exchange in December 2018 and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in December 2020
     respectively.

     The address of the registered office is located at the Haier Industrial Park, Laoshan District, Qingdao,
     Shandong Province, PRC.

     In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the ultimate controlling parent company of the
     Company is Haier Group Corporation (“Haier Group”).

     The Company is mainly engaged in research, development, production and sales of home appliances
     covering refrigerator/freezers, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances, water appliances
     and other smart home business, as well as offering complete sets smart home solutions.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
     currency of the Company and all values are rounded to the nearest million (“RMB’M”) (“‘M”), except
     when otherwise indicated.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   149
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                      Issued
                                                                    ordinary/
                                        Place of Incorporation/   registered
                                        registration of         share capital           Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                  Type of
            Name                        business                          ‘M          to the company As at 31 December       activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                                          2021                  2020
                                                                                     Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Wonder Global (BVI)         The United State of           RMB18,596         —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (i)
             Investment Limited           America (“USA”)/                                                                     household appliances     Company
                                          British Virgin Islands                                                               and logistics service
                                          (“BVI”)

            Haier U.S. Appliance        USA/USA                     United States       —        100         —        100    Home appliances            Limited liability    (i)
              Solutions, Inc.                                      Dollars (“USD”)                                             production                  company
                                                                             2,307

            Haier Singapore             Singapore and other              USD896         —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (ii)
              Investment Holding          overseas areas/                                                                      household appliances     company
              Co., Ltd.                   Singapore

            Haier Electronic Group      Mainland China/              Hong Kong         100         —      68.26      31.74   Investment holding,        Limited liability   (iv)
              Co., Ltd.                   Bermuda                  Dollar (“HKD”)                                               manufacturing and          company
                                                                            3,107                                               sale of washing
                                                                                                                                machines and water
                                                                                                                                heaters, distribution
                                                                                                                                and logistics service

            Qingdao Haier Air           Mainland China/                  RMB918        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and            Limited liability   (iv)
              Conditioner Gen.            Mainland China                                                                       operation of                company
              Corp., Ltd                                                                                                       household air-
                                                                                                                               conditioners

            Guizhou Haier Electronics   Mainland China/                  RMB141         59         —         59         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited Liability       (iii)
              Co., Ltd                    Mainland China                                                                       refrigerator             company

            Hefei Haier Air-            Mainland China/                   RMB12      99.22         —      99.22         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited Liability       (iii)
              conditioning Co.,           Mainland China                                                                       air-conditioners         company
              Limited

            Wuhan Haier. Electronics    Mainland China                    RMB62         60         —         60         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited Liability       (iii)
             Co., Ltd                                                                                                          air-conditioners         company

            Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/                  RMB956        100         —      99.54         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited Liability       (iii)
              Air-Conditioner             Mainland China                                                                       air-conditioners         company
              Electronics Co., Ltd

            Qingdao Haier Information   Mainland China/                   RMB78        100         —        100         —    Manufacture of plastic     Limited Liability    (iii)
              Plastic company             Mainland China                                                                       product
              Development Co., Ltd

            Dalian Haier Precision      Mainland China/                   RMB48         90         —         90         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited Liability       (iii)
              Products Co., Ltd           Mainland China                                                                       precise plastics         company

            Hefei Haier Plastics        Mainland China/                   RMB34      77.36       4.83     77.36       4.83   Manufacture and sale of Limited Liability       (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                       plastic parts            company and
                                                                                                                                                        product

            Qingdao Meier Plastic       Mainland China/                   RMB12         40        60         40        60    Manufacture of plastic Limited Liability        (iii)
              Powder Co., Ltd.            Mainland China                                                                       powder, plastic sheet   company
                                                                                                                               and high-performance
                                                                                                                               coatings

            Chongqing Haier             Mainland China/                   RMB65         90        10         90        10    Plastic products, sheet    Limited liability    (iii)
              Precision Plastic           Mainland China                                                                        metal work,                company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         electronics and
                                                                                                                                hardware




150   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                 Issued
                                                               ordinary/
                                   Place of Incorporation/   registered
                                   registration of         share capital       Percentage of equity attributable     Principal                   Type of
     Name                          business                          ‘M      to the company As at 31 December        activities                  legal status        Note
                                                                                 2021                  2020
                                                                            Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Qingdao Haier                 Mainland China/              RMB207        100         —        100         —     Manufacture and           Limited liability      (iii)
       Refriderator Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                    production of fluorine-    company
                                                                                                                       free refrigerators

     Qingdao Haier                 Mainland China/              RMB260        100         —        100         —     Manufacture and             Limited liability    (iii)
       Refrigerator                  Mainland China                                                                    production of                company
       (International) Co., Ltd.                                                                                       refrigerators

     Qingdao Haier Whole Set       Mainland China/              RMB120       98.33        —      98.33         —     Research, development Limited liability          (iii)
       Home Appliance                Mainland China                                                                    and sales of health    company
       Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                               series of small home
                                                                                                                       appliance

     Qingdao Haier Special         Mainland China/              RMB166        100         —        100         —     Manufacture and sales of Limited liability       (iii)
       Refrigertor Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                    fiuorine-free             company
                                                                                                                       refrigerators

     Qingdao Haier                 Mainland China/              RMB180        100         —        100         —     Manufacture and       Limited liability          (iii)
       Dishwasher Co., Ltd           Mainland China                                                                    production of dish     company
                                                                                                                       washing machine and
                                                                                                                       gas stove

     QingdaoHaier Special          Mainland China/              RMB388        100         —      96.06         —     Research, manufacture       Limited liability    (iii)
       Freezer Co., Ltd.             Mainland China                                                                    and sales of freezer         company

     Dalian Haier Air-conditioning Mainland China/              RMB110         90         —         90         —     Manufacture and             Limited liability    (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                     Mainland China                                                                    production of                company
                                                                                                                       air-conditioners

     Dalian Haier Refrigerator     Mainland China/              RMB110        100         —         90         —     Manufacture and             Limited liability    (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                     Mainland China                                                                    production of                company
                                                                                                                       refrigerators

     Qingdao Haier Electronic      Mainland China/               RMB60        100         —         80         —     Development,               Limited liability     (iii)
       Plastic Co., Ltd.             Mainland China                                                                    assembling and sales        company
                                                                                                                       of plastics, electronics
                                                                                                                       and product

     Wuhan Haier Freezer           Mainland China/               RMB50         95         5         95         5     Research, manufacture Limited Liability          (iii)
      Co., Ltd.                      Mainland China                                                                    and sales of freezer    company
                                                                                                                       and other refrigeration
                                                                                                                       products

     Qingdao Haidarui              Mainland China/              RMB110         98         2         98         2     Development, purchase Limited Liability          (iii)
       Procurement Service           Mainland China                                                                    and sales of electrical company
       Co., Ltd                                                                                                        product and
                                                                                                                       components

     Qingdao Haier Intelligent     Mainland China/              RMB330       98.91      1.09     98.91       1.09    Development and         Limited Liability        (iii)
       Home Appliance                Mainland China                                                                    application of           company
       Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                            household appliances,
                                                                                                                       communication,
                                                                                                                       electronics and
                                                                                                                       network engineering
                                                                                                                       technology

     Chongqing Haier               Mainland China/              RMB130       76.92     23.08     76.92      23.08    Manufacture and sales of Limited Liability       (iii)
       Air-conditioning              Mainland China                                                                    air conditioners          company
       Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021                        151
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                      Issued
                                                                    ordinary/
                                        Place of Incorporation/   registered
                                        registration of         share capital      Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                  Type of
            Name                        business                          ‘M     to the company As at 31 December       activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                                     2021                  2020
                                                                                Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Qingdao Haier Precision     Mainland China/               RMB10        —         70         —         70    Development and           Limited Liability     (iii)
              Products Co., Ltd.          Mainland China                                                                  manufacture of             company
                                                                                                                          precise plastic, metal
                                                                                                                          plate, mould and
                                                                                                                          electronic products for
                                                                                                                          household appliances

            Qingdao Haier Air           Mainland China/               RMB20        —        100         —         70    Manufacture of         Limited Liability        (iii)
              Conditioning                Mainland China                                                                  household appliances    company
              Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                                                         and electronics

            Dalian Free Trade Zone      Mainland China/                RMB1        —        100         —        100    Domestic trade             Limited Liability    (iii)
              Haier Air-conditioning      Mainland China                                                                                              company
              Trading Co., Ltd.

            Dalian Free Trade Zone      Mainland China/                RMB1        —        100         —        100    Domestic trade             Limited Liability    (iii)
              Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China                                                                                              company
              Trading Co., Ltd.

            Chongqing Haier             Mainland China/               RMB10        95         5         95         5    Household appliance        Limited Liability    (iii)
              Electronic Sales            Mainland China                                                                  sales                       company
              Co., Ltd.

            Chongqing Haier             Mainland China/              RMB108     84.95      15.05     84.95      15.05   Manufacture and            Limited Liability    (iii)
              Refrigeration Appliance     Mainland China                                                                  production of               company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   refrigerator

            Hefei Haier Refrigerator    Mainland China/               RMB49       100         —        100         —    Manufacture and            Limited Liability    (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                  production of               company
                                                                                                                          refrigerator

            Qingdao Haier HVAC          Mainland China/                RMB8        —        100         —        100    Air-conditioning           Limited Liability    (iii)
              Engineering Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                                              company

            Chongqing Gooddaymart       Mainland China/                RMB5        —         51         —         51    Sales of household         Limited Liability    (iii)
              Electric Appliance Sale     Mainland China                                                                   appliance and              company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    electronics

            Qingdao Haier (Jiaozhou)    Mainland China/              RMB119        —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited Liability       (iii)
              Air-conditioning Co.,       Mainland China                                                                  air-conditioners         company
              Ltd.

            Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/               RMB80        —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sales of Limited Liability      (iii)
              Component Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                  plastic and precise       company
                                                                                                                          sheet metal products

            Haier Shareholdings         Mainland China/           HKD28,029       100         —        100         —    Investment holding         Limited Liability    (iii)
              (Hong Kng) Limited          Mainland China                                                                                              company

            Shenyang Haier              Mainland China/              RMB100       100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sales of Limited Liability      (iii)
              Refrigerator Co., Ltd.      Mainland China                                                                  refrigerator              company

            Foshan Haier Freezer        Mainland China/              RMB100       100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sales of Limited Liability      (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                  freezer                   company

            Zhengzhou Haier             Mainland China/              RMB100       100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sales of Limited Liability      (iii)
              Air-conditioning            Mainland China                                                                  air conditioner           company
              Co., Ltd.




152   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2021




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                               Issued
                                                             ordinary/
                                 Place of Incorporation/   registered
                                 registration of         share capital       Percentage of equity attributable     Principal                  Type of
     Name                        business                          ‘M      to the company As at 31 December        activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                          Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Qingdao Haidayuan           Mainland China/               RMB20        100         —        100         —     Development, purchase Limited Liability         (iii)
       Procurement Service         Mainland China                                                                    and sales of electrical company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     product and
                                                                                                                     components

     Qingdao Haier Intelligent   Mainland China/              RMB130        100         —        100         —     Development and         Limited Liability       (iii)
       Technology                  Mainland China                                                                    research of household    company
       Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                         appliances

     Qingdao Hai Ri High-Tech    Mainland China/                RMB7         —        100         —        100     Design, manufacture and Limited Liability       (iii)
       Model Co., Ltd.             Mainland China                                                                    sales of product         company
                                                                                                                     model and mould

     Qingdao Hai Gao Design      Mainland China/                RMB1         —         75         —         75     Industrial design and   Limited Liability       (iii)
       and Manufacture             Mainland China                                                                     prototype production    company
       Co., Ltd.

     Beijing Haier Guangke       Mainland China/                RMB6         —         55         —         55     Development, promotion Limited Liability        (iii)
       Digital Technology          Mainland China                                                                    and transfer of         company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     technology

     Shanghai Haier Medical      Mainland China/               RMB28         —        100         —        100     Wholesale and retail of    Limited Liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                    medical facility            company

     Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/               RMB80        100         —        100         —     Development and sales      Limited Liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                    of software and             company
                                                                                                                     information product

     Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/              RMB302        100         —        100         —     Entrepreneurship           Limited Liability    (iii)
       Technology Investment       Mainland China                                                                    investment and              company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     consulting

     Qingdao Casarte Smart       Mainland China/               RMB10         —        100         —        100     Development, production Limited Liability       (iii)
       Living Appliances           Mainland China                                                                    and sales of             company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     appliances

     Qingdao Haichuangyuan       Mainland China/               RMB10         —        100         —        100     Sales of household        Limited Liability     (iii)
       Appliances Sales            Mainland China                                                                     appliances and digital    company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      products

     Haier Overseas Electric     Mainland China/               RMB40        100         —        100         —     Sales of household         Limited Liability    (iii)
       Appliance Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                     appliances,                company
                                                                                                                      international freight
                                                                                                                      Forwarding

     Haier Group (Dalian)        Mainland China/                RMB5        100         —        100         —     Sales of household         Limited Liability    (iii)
       Electrical Appliances       Mainland China                                                                     appliances,                company
       Industry Co., Ltd.                                                                                             international freight
                                                                                                                      forwarding

     Qingdao Haier Central       Mainland China/              RMB110         —        100         —        100     Production and sales of Limited Liability       (iii)
       Air-conditioner             Mainland China                                                                     air conditioners and    company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      refrigeration
                                                                                                                      equipment

     Chongqing Haier Home        Mainland China/                RMB5         —        100         —        100     Household appliance        Limited Liability    (iii)
       Appliance Sale Hefei        Mainland China                                                                    sales                       company
       Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021                       153
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                     Issued
                                                                   ordinary/
                                       Place of Incorporation/   registered
                                       registration of         share capital          Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                  Type of
            Name                       business                          ‘M         to the company As at 31 December       activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                                        2021                  2020
                                                                                   Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Beijing Haier Zhongyou     Mainland China/                  RMB15         —         51         —         51    Radio and television       Limited Liability    (iii)
              Netmedia Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                      program                     company

            Qingdao Weixi Smart        Mainland China/                    RMB4        —       71.43        —       71.43   Intelligent bathroom       Limited Liability    (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                                                  company

            Haier U+smart              Mainland China/                 RMB143        100         —        100         —    Software development       Limited Liability    (iii)
              Technology (Beijing)       Mainland China                                                                                                  company
              Co., Ltd.

            Qingdao Haier Smart        Mainland China/                 RMB180         —        100         —        100    Smart kitchen appliances Limited Liability      (iii)
              Kitchen Appliances         Mainland China                                                                      sales                     company
              Co., Ltd.

            Haier New Zealand          New Zealand/               New Zealand         —        100         —        100    Production and             Limited Liability    (ii)
              Investment Holding         New Zealand             Dollars (“NZD”)                                              distribution of home       company
              Company Limited                                                477                                              appliances

            Candy S.p.A                Europe/Italy                Euro (“EUR”)       —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sales of Limited Liability      (v)
                                                                            42                                               household appliances      company

            Fisher&Paykel Appliances   New Zealand/                     NZD246        —        100         —        100    Research, development, Limited Liability        (ii)
               Limited                   New Zealand                                                                         manufacture, sale and   company
                                                                                                                             distribution of home
                                                                                                                             appliances business

            Qingdao Haidacheng         Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100        100         —        100         —    Develop, purchase and Limited Liability         (iii)
              Procurement Service        China                                                                               sell electrical products company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      and components

            Guangdong Heilong          Mainland China/Mainland          RMB33         —       76.72        —       76.72   Scientific research and    Limited Liability    (iii)
              Intelligent Technology     China                                                                                technical service          company
              Co. Ltd                                                                                                         industry

            Beijing Haixianghui        Mainland China/Mainland            RMB8        —        100         —        100    Scientific research and    Limited Liability    (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.       China                                                                                technical service          company
                                                                                                                              industry

            Haier Smart Home           Mainland China/Mainland       RMB1,000        100         —        100         —    Development of smart       Limited Liability    (iii)
              Experience Cloud           China                                                                               home products               company
              Ecological Technology
              Co., Ltd.

            Haier Smart Home           Mainland China/Mainland       RMB1,000         —        100         —        100    Technical service,       Limited Liability      (iii)
              (Qingdao) Network Co.,     China                                                                               development,              company
              Ltd.                                                                                                           consultation, transfer

            Haier Smart Home           Mainland China/Mainland       RMB1,000         —        100         —        100    Residential interior       Limited Liability    (iii)
              (Qingdao) Network          China                                                                               decoration,                 company
              Operation Co., Ltd.                                                                                            installation, renovation
                                                                                                                             and repair of special
                                                                                                                             equipment

            Qingdao Internet of Wine   Mainland China/Mainland         RMB700         —        100         —        100    Distribution, import and Limited Liability      (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.       China                                                                                export of goods and      company
                                                                                                                              services




154   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2021




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                              Issued
                                                            ordinary/
                                Place of Incorporation/   registered
                                registration of         share capital       Percentage of equity attributable     Principal                 Type of
     Name                       business                          ‘M      to the company As at 31 December        activities                legal status        Note
                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                         Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Qingdao Linghai Air        Mainland China/Mainland      RMB100         —        100         —        100     Manufacture and           Limited Liability    (iii)
       Conditioning               China                                                                             production of air          company
       Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                                                          conditioners

     Chongqing Yunshang         Mainland China/Mainland      RMB160         —        100         —        100     Distribution, import and Limited Liability     (iii)
       Yilian Technology Co.,     China                                                                              export of goods and      company
       Ltd.                                                                                                          services

     Shenzhen Yunshang Yilian   Mainland China/Mainland       RMB10         —        100         —        100     Distribution, import and Limited Liability     (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.       China                                                                              export of goods and      company
                                                                                                                     services,
                                                                                                                     Development,
                                                                                                                     promotion and
                                                                                                                     transfer of information
                                                                                                                     products

     Qingdao Hairuijiejing      Mainland China/Mainland       RMB60         —         51         —         51     Development, promotion Limited Liability       (iii)
       Electronics Co., Ltd.      China                                                                             and transfer of         company
                                                                                                                    technology

     Qingdao Haixiangxue        Mainland China/Mainland       RMB50        100         —        100         —     Agency business           Limited Liability    (iii)
       Human Resources Co.,       China                                                                                                        company
       Ltd.


     *        The English names of Mainland China companies referred to above in this note represents management’s best efforts in
              translating the Chinese names of these companies as no English name have been registered or available.


     **       The above table is a list of the Group’s principal subsidiaries, which in the opinion of the directors, contribute significantly to
              the Group’s results for the year and represent a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. Presenting particulars of
              other subsidiaries would involve excessive length.


     Notes:


     (i)      The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 prepared in accordance with International
              Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Mazars LLP, a certified public accounting firm registered in USA.


     (ii)     The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 prepared in accordance with International
              Financial Reporting standards have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers New Zealand, a certified public accounting firm
              registered in New Zealand.


     (iii)    The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 prepared in accordance with Chinese
              accounting standards have been audited by Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP, registered in the Mainland China.


     (iv)     The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 prepared in accordance with International
              Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Ernst & Young, a certified public accounting firm registered in Hong
              Kong.


     (v)      The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 prepared in accordance with International
              Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Mazars Italia S.p.A, a certified public accounting firm registered in Italy.


     All companies comprising the Group have adopted December 31, as their financial year end.




                                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021                      155
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
            Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”).
            For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered
            material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In
            addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
            Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”)
            and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

            The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a
            reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for
            the foreseeable future. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in
            preparing the consolidated financial statements.

            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
            certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as
            explained in the accounting policies set out below.

            Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods
            and services.

            Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
            transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
            directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an
            asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market
            participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the
            measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
            financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that
            are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in
            accordance with IFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair
            value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

            A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
            generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
            market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.




156   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)
   For financial instruments and investment properties which are transacted at fair value and a valuation
   technique that unobservable inputs are to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the
   valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique
   equal the transaction price.

   In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or
   3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the
   significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

   •   Level 1: inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                that the entity can access at the measurement date;

   •   Level 2: inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable
                for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

   •   Level 3: inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

   Merger accounting for business combination involving business under common
   control
   On 29 October 2021, for the purpose of increasing the Company’s net profit attributable to owners of
   the Company, improving corporate governance standards, reducing daily connected transactions,
   streamlining the shareholding structure and enhancing the management efficiency of subsidiaries, the
   Company and Haier Group Corporation (together with its subsidiaries hereafter “Haier Group”) entered
   into the equity transfer agreements, pursuant to which, the Company agreed to acquire and Haier
   Group agreed to sell 100% equity interest in Qingdao Haier Quality Testing Co., Ltd. (“Quality Testing
   Company”) at a consideration of RMB36.3 million. As at the end of the reporting period, the
   transaction has been completed. Quality Testing Company is primarily engaged in the quality testing
   and inspection and product certification of electrical appliance and parts and components.

   Since the Company and Quality Testing Company were ultimately controlled by Haier Group both
   before and after the completion of the equity transfer agreements, the acquisition of Quality Testing
   Company was accounted for using the principles of merger accounting.

   The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
   statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the
   years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 include the results, changes in equity and cash flows of all
   companies then comprising the Group and Quality Testing Company, as if the corporate structure of
   the Group immediately after the completion of the equity transfer had been in existence throughout the
   years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, or since their respective dates of acquisition, incorporation
   or registration, where this is a shorter period. The consolidated statement of financial position of the
   Group as at 31 December 2020 has been prepared to present the state of affairs of the Group and
   Quality Testing Company as if the corporate structure of the Group immediately after the completion of
   the equity transfer had been in existence and in accordance with the respective equity interests and/or
   the power to exercise control over the individual company attributable to the Company as at 31
   December 2020.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   157
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)
            Merger accounting for business combination involving business under common
            control (continued)
            There are no significant adjustments made to the revenue, profit before tax, profit for the year
            attributable to owners of the Company, net asset, reserves and total equity previously reported by the
            Group as a consequence on the merger accounting for business combination involving businesses
            under common control.

      2.2 APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS
            Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
            In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the IASB for
            the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
            2021 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

            Amendment to IFRS 16                      Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions
            Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39,             Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2
             IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16

            In addition, the Group applied the agenda decision of the IFRS Interpretations Committee (the
            “Committee”) of the International Accounting Standards Board issued in June 2021 which clarified the
            costs an entity should include as “estimated costs necessary to make the sale” when determining the
            net realisable value of inventories.

            The application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the
            Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and on the disclosures set
            out in these consolidated financial statements.




158   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.2 APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)
   New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
   The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued
   but are not yet effective:

   IFRS 17                          Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments3
   Amendments to IFRS 3             Reference to the Conceptual Framework2
   Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                      Associate or Joint Venture4
   Amendment to IFRS 16             Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 20211
   Amendments to IAS 1              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current3
   Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS     Disclosure of Accounting Policies3
     Practice Statement 2
   Amendments to IAS 8              Definition of Accounting Estimates3
   Amendments to IAS 12             Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                      Single Transaction3
   Amendments to IAS 16             Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before
                                      Intended Use2
   Amendments to IAS 37             Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2
   Amendments to IFRSs              Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018–20202

   1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021.
   2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
   3
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
   4
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.


   The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to
   IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   159
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            Basis of consolidation
            The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and entities
            controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

            •      has power over the investee;

            •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

            •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
            there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

            Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
            when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
            acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
            and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group
            ceases to control the subsidiary.

            Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
            Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
            to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-
            controlling interests having a deficit balance.

            When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
            accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

            All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
            between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

            Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
            which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
            assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

            Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
            subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
            components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
            relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and
            the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
            interests.

            Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
            value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of
            the Company.




160   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Basis of consolidation (continued)
   When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-
   controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is
   calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received
   and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including
   goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts
   previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as
   if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to
   profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs).
   The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is
   regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial
   Instruments or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a
   joint venture.

   Business combinations or asset acquisitions
   Optional concentration test
   The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis,
   that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a
   business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired
   is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets
   under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from
   the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is
   determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

   Asset acquisitions
   When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
   identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating
   the purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining
   balance of the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the
   basis of their relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to
   goodwill or bargain purchase gain.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   161
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
            Business combinations
            Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for
            using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at
            fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred
            by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
            interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are
            generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

            Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must
            meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the International Accounting Standards Committee’s
            Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual
            Framework for Financial Reporting issued in September 2010).

            At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
            their fair value, except that:

            •      deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
                   are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
                   Benefits respectively;

            •      liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                   share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                   arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based payment at
                   the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

            •      assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
                   current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that
                   standard; and

            •      lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                   (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
                   for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
                   underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same
                   amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
                   lease when compared with market terms.

            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
            non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity
            interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
            assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets
            acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
            non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in
            the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.




162   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
   Business combinations (continued)
   Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
   proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
   measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
   acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a
   transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at their fair
   value.

   When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
   consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value
   and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair
   value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted
   retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information
   obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date)
   about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

   The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
   adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that
   is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement
   is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
   remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being
   recognised in profit or loss.

   When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
   acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains
   control), and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive
   income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that
   have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 would be
   accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the
   previously held equity interest.

   If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in
   which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
   accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the
   measurement period (see above), and additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new
   information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known,
   would have affected the amounts recognised at that date.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   163
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Merger accounting for business combination involving businesses under common
            control
            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
            businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined from the
            date when the combining businesses first came under the control of the controlling party.

            The net assets of the combining businesses are consolidated using the existing book values from the
            controlling party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or bargain purchase
            gain at the time of common control combination.

            The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income includes the results of
            each of the combining businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the
            combining businesses first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period.

            The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the businesses
            had been combined at the beginning of the previous reporting period or when they first came under
            common control, whichever is shorter.

            Goodwill
            Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
            acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if
            any.

            For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
            units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
            combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
            management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

            A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
            tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
            impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or
            group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before
            the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
            impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other
            assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-
            generating units).

            On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
            cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
            amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-
            generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of
            goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-
            generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-
            generating units) retained.




164   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Goodwill (continued)
   The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is
   described below.

   Investments in associates
   An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
   power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
   joint control over those policies.

   The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
   statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment, or a portion thereof,
   is classified as held for sale, in which case it is or the portion so classified is accounted for in
   accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for sales and Discounted operations. Any retained
   portion of an investment in an associate that has not been classified as held for sale continues to be
   accounted for using the equity method. The financial statements of associates used for equity
   accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like
   transactions and events in similar circumstances. The associate uses accounting policies that differ
   from those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Appropriate
   adjustments have been made to conform the associate’s accounting policies to those of the Group.
   Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated
   statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the
   profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the
   associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such
   changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of
   losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term
   interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group
   discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent
   that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
   associate.

   An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
   investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the
   cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
   liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the
   investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
   liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss
   in the period in which the investment is acquired.

   The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
   impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
   goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
   recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying
   amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms
   part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in
   accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
   increases.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   165
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Investments in associates (continued)
            When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a
            disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or
            loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate and the retained interest is a financial
            asset within the scope of IFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date
            and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the
            carrying amount of the associate and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from
            disposing of the relevant interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss
            on disposal of the associate. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in
            other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if
            that associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss
            previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate would be reclassified to profit
            or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from
            equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant
            associate.

            The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an
            investment in a joint venture. There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership
            interests.

            When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the
            equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
            previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership
            interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets
            or liabilities.

            When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
            transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the consolidated financial statements
            only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

            Non-current assets held for sale
            Non-current assets (and disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be
            recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is
            regarded as met only when the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present
            condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such asset (or disposal
            group) and its sale is highly probable. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be
            expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.

            When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets
            and liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are
            met, regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in the relevant subsidiary
            after the sale.




166   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Non-current assets held for sale (continued)
   When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving disposal of an investment, or a portion of an
   investment, in an associate or joint venture, the investment or the portion of the investment that will be
   disposed of is classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met, and the Group
   discontinues the use of the equity method in relation to the portion that is classified as held for sale
   from the time when the investment (or a portion of the investment) is classified as held for sale.

   Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their
   previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell which continue to be measured in
   accordance with the accounting policies as set out in respective sections.

   Revenue from contracts with customers
   The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
   the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

   A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
   distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

   Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
   towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
   met:

   •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
        performance as the Group performs;

   •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
        performs; or

   •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
        Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

   Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
   good or service.

   A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
   the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
   accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
   consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

   A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
   which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

   A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented
   on a net basis.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   167
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)
            For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction
            price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, except for the
            allocation of discounts and variable consideration.

            The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is
            determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised
            good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the
            Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to
            any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
            entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

            Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
            performance obligation
            Output method
            The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output
            method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods
            or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised
            under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or
            services.

            As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds
            directly with the value of the Group’s performance completed to date, the Group recognises revenue in
            the amount to which the Group has the right to invoice.

            Input method
            The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input
            method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of the Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction
            of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance
            obligation, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.

            (a)    Sale of goods
                   Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
                   transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of goods.




168   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
   performance obligation (continued)
   Input method (continued)
   (a)   Sale of goods (continued)
         (i)   Rights of return
               For contracts which provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified
               period, the expected value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned
               because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group
               will be entitled. The requirements in IFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable
               consideration are applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that
               can be included in the transaction price. For goods that are expected to be returned,
               instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised. A right-of-return asset (and the
               corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognised for the right to recover
               products from a customer.

         (ii)   Sales rebates
                Retrospective sales rebates may be provided to certain customers once the value of
                products purchased during the period exceeds a threshold specified in the contract.
                Rebates are offset against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable
                consideration for the expected future rebates, the most likely amount method is used for
                contracts with a single- threshold and the expected value method for contracts with more
                than one threshold. The selected method that best predicts the amount of variable
                consideration is primarily driven by the thresholds contained in the contract. The
                requirements on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied and a refund
                liability for the expected future rebates is recognised.

   (b)   Other income
         Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease
         payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting
         period in which they are incurred.

         Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying
         the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the
         financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the
         financial asset.

         Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
         established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
         Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   169
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Variable consideration
            For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to
            which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount,
            depending on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be
            entitled.

            The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
            that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
            future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

            At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
            updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent
            faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
            circumstances during the reporting period.

            Notwithstanding the above criteria, the Group shall recognise revenue for a sales-based or usage-
            based royalty promised in exchange for a licence of intellectual property only when (or as) the later of
            the following events occurs:

            •      the subsequent sale or usage occurs; and

            •      the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based or usage-based royalty has
                   been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).

            Refund liabilities
            A refund liability is recognised for the obligation to refund some or all of the consideration received (or
            receivable) from a customer and is measured at the amount the Group ultimately expects it will have
            to return to the customer. The Group updates its estimates of refund liabilities (and the corresponding
            change in the transaction price) at the end of each reporting period.

            Right-of-return assets
            A right-of-return asset is recognised for the right to recover the goods expected to by returned by
            customers. The asset is measured at the former carrying amount of the goods to be returned, less any
            expected costs to recover the goods and any potential decreases in the value of the returned goods.
            The Group updates the measurement of the asset for any revisions to the expected level of returns
            and any additional decreases in the value of the returned goods.




170   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Existence of significant financing component
   In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the
   effects of the time value of money if the timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly)
   provides the customer or the Group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or
   services to the customer. In those circumstances, the contract contains a significant financing
   component. A significant financing component may exist regardless of whether the promise of
   financing is explicitly stated in the contract or implied by the payment terms agreed to by the parties
   to the contract.

   For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is
   less than one year, the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for
   any significant financing component.

   Principal versus agent
   When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
   whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
   services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by
   the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

   The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
   transferred to a customer.

   The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified
   good or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or
   service provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the
   Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it
   expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by
   the other party.

   Contract costs
   Incremental costs of obtaining a contract
   Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract
   with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.

   The Group recognises such costs eg. sales commissions as an asset if it expects to recover these
   costs. The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that
   is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.

   The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to obtain a contract if
   these costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to profit or loss within one year.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   171
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Contract costs (continued)
            Costs to fulfil a contract
            The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in its sales of household electrical appliances. The Group
            first assesses whether these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant
            standards, failing which it recognises an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following
            criteria:

            (a)    the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically
                   identify;

            (b)    the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing
                   to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

            (c)    the costs are expected to be recovered.

            The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
            consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The
            asset is subject to impairment review.

            Leases
            Definition of a lease
            A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
            asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

            For contracts entered into or modified or arising from business combinations on or after the date of
            initial application, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition
            under IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will
            not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

            Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
            For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
            components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the
            basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of
            the non-lease components, including contract for acquisition of ownership interests of a property which
            includes both leasehold land and non-lease building components, unless such allocation cannot be
            made reliably.

            The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease
            component, and instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components
            as a single lease component.




172   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   Definition of a lease (continued)
   Allocation of consideration to components of a contract (continued)
   As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when
   the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ
   materially from individual leases within the portfolio.

   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
   The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of land and buildings,
   machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures that have a lease term of 12 months
   or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
   recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases
   of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight- line basis or another systematic basis
   over the lease term.

   The Group as a lessee
   Right-of-use assets
   The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

   •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

   •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

   •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

   •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
         assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
         required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
         inventories.

   Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
   and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

   Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
   leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of
   the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter
   of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

   When the Group obtains ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term, upon
   exercising purchase options, the cost of the relevant right-of-use assets and the related accumulated
   depreciation and impairment loss are transferred to property, plant and equipment.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   173
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as a lessee (continued)
            Lease liabilities
            At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the
            present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
            payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
            interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

            The lease payments include:

            •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

            •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or
                   rate as at the commencement date;

            •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

            •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option;
                   and

            •      payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an
                   option to terminate the lease.

            Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are initially measured using the
            market rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
            index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are
            recognised as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

            After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

            The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-
            use assets) whenever:

            •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                   option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                   payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

            •      the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/
                   expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
                   remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.




174   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as a lessee (continued)
   Lease liabilities (continued)
   The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
   position.

   Lease modifications
   Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient, the
   Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

   •    the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
        assets; and

   •    the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
        for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
        circumstances of the particular contract.

   For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
   liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using
   a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

   The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
   the relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or
   more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified
   contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease
   component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

   Changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate
   benchmark reform
   For changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate
   benchmark reform, the Group applies the practical expedient to remeasure the lease liabilities by
   discounting the revised lease payments using the unchanged discount rate, unless the change in lease
   payments results from a change in floating interest rates. In that case, the Group uses the revised
   discount rate that reflects change in the interest rate and makes a corresponding adjustment to the
   related right-of-use assets. A lease modification is required by interest rate benchmark reform if, and
   only if, both of these conditions are met:

   •    the modification is necessary as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform; and

   •    the new basis for determining the lease payments is economically equivalent to the previous basis
        (i.e. the basis immediately preceding the modification).

   If lease modifications are made in addition to those lease modifications required by interest rate
   benchmark reform, the Group applies the applicable requirements in IFRS 16 to account for all lease
   modifications made at the same time, including those required by interest rate benchmark reform.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   175
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as a lessee (continued)
            Covid-19-related rent concessions
            In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, the
            Group has elected to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease
            modification if all of the following conditions are met:

            •      the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the
                   same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;

            •      any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2021;
                   and

            •      there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

            A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent
            concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying IFRS 16 if the changes are not
            a lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease
            payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a
            corresponding adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

            Classification and measurement of leases
            Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the
            terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
            underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are
            classified as operating leases.

            Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date
            at amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the
            respective leases. Initial direct costs (other than those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are
            included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to
            accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment
            outstanding in respect of the leases.




176   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as a lessee (continued)
   Classification and measurement of leases (continued)
   Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
   term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease
   are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense
   on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value
   model. Upon application of IFRS 16 on 1 January 2019, variable lease payments for operating leases
   that depend on an index or a rate are estimated and included in the total lease payments to be
   recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments that do not depend
   on an index or a rate are recognised as income when they arise.

   Interest and rental income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are
   presented as revenue.

   Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
   When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue
   from Contracts with Customers (“IFRS 15”) to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-
   lease components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their
   relative stand-alone selling prices.

   Lease modification
   The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of
   the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as
   part of the lease payments for the new lease.

   Foreign currencies
   In preparing the consolidated financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in
   currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the
   rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period,
   monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date.
   Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
   the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non- monetary items that are
   measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

   Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
   items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   177
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Foreign currencies (continued)
            For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
            Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Renminbi) using
            exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are
            translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly
            during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange
            differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity
            under the heading of Exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve (attributed to
            non- controlling interests as appropriate).

            On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign
            operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or
            a partial disposal of an interest in an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained
            interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of
            that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

            In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing
            control over the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-
            attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial
            disposals (i.e. partial disposals of associates that do not result in the Group losing significant
            influence), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or
            loss.

            Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a
            foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate
            of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are
            recognised in other comprehensive income.

            Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
            which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use
            or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for
            their intended use or sale.

            Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
            sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general
            borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
            their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

            All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




178   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Government grants
   Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
   with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

   Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
   Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
   Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
   or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated
   statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over
   the useful lives of the related assets.

   Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
   already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
   related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.

   The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant,
   measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on
   prevailing market interest rates.

   Employee benefits
   Retirement benefit costs
   Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when
   employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

   For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the
   projected unit credit method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual
   reporting period. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to
   the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected
   immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a charge or credit recognised in
   other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised in other
   comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained profits and will not be reclassified to profit
   or loss.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   179
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Employee benefits (continued)
            Retirement benefit costs (continued)
            Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and
            a gain or loss on settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service
            cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset
            using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial assumptions, reflecting the benefits
            offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment, curtailment or
            settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic
            benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan).

            Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net
            defined benefit liability or asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or
            asset before plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, the Group determines net interest for the
            remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement using the
            benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment, curtailment or
            settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking
            into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period resulting from
            contributions or benefit payments.

            Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

            •      service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on
                   curtailments and settlements);

            •      net interest expense or income; and

            •      remeasurement.

            The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
            represents the actual deficit or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from
            this calculation is limited to the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds
            from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

            Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of
            these contributions to the plan.




180   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Employee benefits (continued)
   Retirement benefit costs (continued)
   When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third
   parties, the accounting depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

   •    If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a
        deficit arising from losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the
        remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability or asset.

   •    If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution
        that is dependent on the number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost by
        attributing the contributions to periods of service using the attribution method required by IAS 19
        paragraph 70 for the gross benefits. For the amount of contribution that is independent of the
        number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost in the period in which the related
        service is rendered in accordance with IAS 19 paragraph 70.

   Termination benefits
   A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer
   withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

   Short-term and other long-term employee benefits
   Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to
   be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
   recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
   cost of an asset.

   A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
   and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

   Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present
   value of the estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services
   provided by employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the liabilities’ carrying amounts
   resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are recognised in profit or loss except to the
   extent that another IFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   181
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Employee benefits (continued)
            Pension schemes
            The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the
            “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws
            of Hong Kong) for certain of its employees. Under the MPF Scheme, each of the Group and the
            employees are required to make contributions to the MPF Scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant
            income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000, and are charged to profit or loss
            as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF
            Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in trustee-administered funds independently.
            There are no forfeited contributions for the MPF Scheme as the Group’s employer contributions vest
            fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

            The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in the PRC are required to participate in a
            central pension scheme (the “PRC Pension Scheme”) operated by the local municipal government.
            These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the PRC
            Pension Scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in
            accordance with the rules of the PRC Pension Scheme. Under the PRC Pension Scheme, no forfeited
            contributions will be used by the employers to reduce the existing level of contributions.

            Share-based payments
            Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
            Shares/Share options granted to employees
            Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured
            at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

            The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking
            into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the
            vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a
            corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period,
            the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
            assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
            estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
            estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve. For shares/share
            options that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the shares/share options granted is
            expensed immediately to profit or loss.

            When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
            will be transferred to capital reserve. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are
            still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
            reserve will be transferred to retained profits.

            When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
            will be transferred to capital reserve.




182   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Taxation
   Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

   The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/loss
   before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that
   are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
   have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

   Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
   liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
   computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
   differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the
   extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
   differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
   difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
   liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition,
   deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
   goodwill.

   Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
   subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control
   the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
   reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
   associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable
   that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary
   differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
   reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
   allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
   period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that
   have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

   The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
   from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle
   the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   183
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Taxation (continued)
            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
            right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
            deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

            For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
            applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately.
            Temporary differences relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised at initial
            recognition and over the lease terms due to application of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary
            differences arising from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease
            liabilities, resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject
            to initial recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
            tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
            taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

            Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
            recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
            deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
            Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax
            effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

            In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable
            that the relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by
            individual group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are
            determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that the
            relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is
            reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

            Property, plant and equipment
            Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
            goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than freehold lands and properties under
            construction as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated
            statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent
            accumulated impairment losses, if any.

            Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated
            impairment losses.




184   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Property, plant and equipment (continued)
   Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
   cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the
   asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended
   by management and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s
   accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,
   commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

   Construction in progress includes property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for
   production or for its own use purposes. Construction in progress is carried at cost less any
   recognised impairment loss. Costs include professional fees and borrowing costs capitalised for
   qualifying assets in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Construction in progress is
   classified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and for
   intended use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences
   when the assets are ready for their intended use.

   Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than freehold land and properties
   under construction less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
   method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end
   of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective
   basis.

   The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

   Freehold land                                                                                Not depreciated
   Buildings                                                                                        2% to 19%
   Leasehold improvements                                                                          10% to 50%
   Machinery and equipment                                                                          5% to 50%
   Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                5% to 33%
   Motor vehicles                                                                                   9% to 35%

   An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
   benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
   disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference
   between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

   Investment properties
   Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and for capital appreciation.

   Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
   Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent
   accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognised so as to
   write off the cost of investment properties over their estimated useful lives and after taking into
   account of their estimated residual value, using the straight-line method.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   185
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Investment properties (continued)
            An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
            withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Any gain or loss
            arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal
            proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the
            property is derecognised.

            Intangible assets
            Intangible assets acquired separately
            Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
            accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
            with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
            estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with
            the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets
            with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent
            accumulated impairment losses.

            Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
            Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

            An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
            phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

            •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

            •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

            •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

            •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

            •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
                   and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

            •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                   development.

            The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
            incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where
            no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in
            profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.




186   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Intangible assets (continued)
   Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure (continued)
   Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
   accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible
   assets that are acquired separately.

   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are
   initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

   Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
   lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
   the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a
   business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses.

   An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
   from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as
   the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are
   recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

   The following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation as follows:

   Proprietary technology                                                                          10 years
   Patents and licences                                                                            40 years
   Trademarks                                                                                      Indefinite
   Software & Others                                                            not exceeding than 10 years

   Proprietary technology
   Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, proprietary
   technology with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
   straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 10 years.

   Patents and licences
   Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, purchase patents
   and licences with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
   straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 40 years.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   187
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Intangible assets (continued)
            Trademarks
            The trademark has different legal life at different jurisdiction, and can renewable at minimal cost. The
            directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademark continuously
            and has the ability to do so. Various studies including product life cycle studies, market, competitive
            and environmental trends, and brand extension opportunities have been performed by management of
            the Group, which supports that the trademark has no foreseeable limit to the period over which the
            trademarked products are expected to generate net cash flows for the Group.

            As a result, the trademark is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite
            useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The trademark will not
            be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for impairment
            annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

            Software & Others
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, Software &
            Others are amortised on a straight-line basis over an estimate useful life of not exceeding than 10
            years. The useful of the software is estimated based on the expected usage of the software and its
            authorised periods for use.

            Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, contract costs and
            intangible assets other than goodwill
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
            equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives and contract costs to determine
            whether there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
            indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the
            extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets
            not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an
            indication that they may be impaired.

            The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets
            are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
            Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

            In addition, the Group assesses whether there is indication that corporate assets may be impaired. If
            such indication exists, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, when a
            reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, or otherwise they are allocated to the
            smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be
            identified.




188   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, contract costs and
   intangible assets other than goodwill (continued)
   Before the Group recognises an impairment loss for assets capitalised as contract costs under IFRS
   15, the Group assesses and recognises any impairment loss on other assets related to the relevant
   contracts in accordance with applicable standards. Then, impairment loss, if any, for assets capitalised
   as contract costs is recognised to the extent the carrying amounts exceeds the remaining amount of
   consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less the
   costs which relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not been recognised as
   expenses. The assets capitalised as contract costs are then included in the carrying amount of the
   cash-generating unit to which they belong for the purpose of evaluating impairment of that cash-
   generating unit.

   Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
   value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
   discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
   specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not
   been adjusted.

   If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
   carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
   recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on
   a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount
   of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion
   of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of
   the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated
   first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a
   pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating
   units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of
   disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss
   that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the
   unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or
   loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in which case
   the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease under that standard.

   Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating
   unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable
   amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would
   have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating
   unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised
   immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another
   standard, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase under
   that standard.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   189
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined
            on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for
            inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
            necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-
            incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

            Provisions
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
            a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable
            estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

            The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
            present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
            surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
            present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
            time value of money is material).

            When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
            from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will
            be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

            Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant contracts
            with customers for sales of certain products are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant
            products, at the directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation.

            Contingent liabilities
            A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is
            not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
            obligation.

            Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is
            expected to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the
            consolidated financial statements.

            The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic
            benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will
            be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the
            consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the change in probability occurs,
            except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.




190   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
   contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
   recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
   sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation
   or convention in the market place.

   Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
   arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
   Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
   financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
   (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
   appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial
   assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

   The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
   financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
   effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
   (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
   transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
   financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
   recognition.

   Financial assets
   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
   Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

   •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
         flows; and

   •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
         and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   191
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

            •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                   collecting contractual cash flows; and

            •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                   and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a
            financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an
            equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading
            nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3
            Business Combinations applies.

            A financial asset is held for trading if:

            •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

            •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                   manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

            •      it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at
            the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an
            accounting mismatch.




192   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
   (i)  Amortised cost and interest income
        Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
        subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at
        FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
        amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
        impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is
        recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
        the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so
        that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
        effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of
        the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

   (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
           Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains
           and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and
           accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
           cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
           investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

           Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
           Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a
           recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “Other gains or
           losses” line item in profit or loss.

   (iii)   Financial assets measured at FVTPL
           Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
           designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

           Financial assets measured at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
           period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
           recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is
           included in the “Other gains and losses” line item.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   193
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets
            The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit losses (“ECL”) model on financial
            assets (including trade and bills receivables, other receivables and contract assets) which are subject
            to impairment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes
            in credit risk since initial recognition.

            Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life
            of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12m ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
            expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
            Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
            are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current
            conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

            The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets without significant
            financing component. The ECL on these assets are assessed individually for debtors with significant
            balances and/or collectively using a provision matrix with appropriate groupings.

            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
            there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises
            lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant
            increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

            (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
                   In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                   compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                   the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                   making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                   reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
                   is available without undue cost or effort.

                   In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                   has increased significantly:

                   •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                          or internal credit rating;

                   •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
                          in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                   •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                          expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                          obligations;




194   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
   (i)  Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
        •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

          •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to
                meet its debt obligations.

          Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk
          has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30
          days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
          otherwise.

          Despite the afore going, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not
          increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low
          credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has
          a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
          obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
          longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its
          contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk
          when it has an internal or external credit rating of ‘investment grade’ as per globally understood
          definitions.

          The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
          been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the
          criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes
          past due.

   (ii)   Definition of default
          For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
          information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
          unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full.

          Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
          is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
          demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   195
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (continued)
            (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
                  A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                  the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                  asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                          financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                          not otherwise consider;

                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation;

                   (e)    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties;
                          or

                   (f)    the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred
                          credit losses.

            (iv)   Write-off policy
                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
                   is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when
                   the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
                   Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                   recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
                   derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

            (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL
                   The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                   magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                   probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-
                   looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that
                   is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

                   Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
                   in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                   discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.




196   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
   (v)  Measurement and recognition of ECL (continued)
        Lifetime ECL for trade and bills receivables, deposits and other receivables are considered on a
        collective basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information
        such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

         For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
         formulating the grouping:

         •     Past-due status;

         •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

         •     External credit ratings where available.

         The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group
         continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

         Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
         the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
         amortised cost of the financial asset.

         Except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, financial guarantee
         contracts, the Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
         instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables and
         contract assets where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance
         account. For investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is
         recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve without
         reducing the carrying amount of these debt instruments. Such amount represents the changes in
         the FVTOCI reserve in relation to accumulated loss allowance.

   Derecognition of financial assets
   The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
   asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
   ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
   risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises
   its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the
   Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the
   Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
   proceeds received.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   197
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Derecognition of financial assets (continued)
            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
            carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
            loss.

            On derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or
            loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.

            On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
            recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI
            reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

            Financial liabilities and equity
            Classification as debt or equity
            Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
            the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
            instrument.

            Equity instruments
            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
            deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
            proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

            Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other
            financial assets or the Group has the sole discretion to defer payment of distribution and redemption
            of principal amount indefinitely are classified as equity instruments.

            Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
            No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
            Company’s own equity instruments.

            Financial liabilities
            All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
            or at FVTPL.

            Financial liabilities at FVTPL
            Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of
            an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is
            designated as at FVTPL.




198   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
   Financial liabilities at FVTPL (continued)
   A financial liability is held for trading if:

   •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

   •     on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
         together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

   •     it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
         effective hedging instrument.

   A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
   acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

   •     such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
         that would otherwise arise; or

   •     the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which
         is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the
         Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
         grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

   •     it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the
         entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

   For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the
   financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other
   comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in
   other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. For
   financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, such as convertible bonds, the changes in fair
   value of the embedded derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be presented in other
   comprehensive income. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are
   recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead,
   they are transferred to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.

   Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
   Financial liabilities including borrowings, convertible bonds, bonds, trade payables, other payables and
   lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   199
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
            Convertible and exchangeable bonds
            The component parts of the convertible bonds are classified separately as financial liability and equity
            in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial
            liability and an equity instrument. A conversion option that will be settled by the exchange of a fixed
            amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of the equity instruments is an equity
            instrument.

            At the date of issue, the fair value of the liability component (including any embedded non-equity
            derivatives features) is estimated by measuring the fair value of similar liability that does not have an
            associated equity component.

            A conversion option classified as equity is determined by deducting the amount of the liability
            component from the fair value of the compound instrument as a whole. This is recognised and
            included in equity, net of income tax effects, and is not subsequently remeasured. In addition, the
            conversion option classified as equity will remain in equity until the conversion option is exercised, in
            which case, the balance recognised in equity will be transferred to capital reserve. Where the
            conversion option remains unexercised at the maturity date of the convertible bonds, the balance
            recognised in equity will be transferred to retained profits. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or
            loss upon conversion or expiration of the conversion option.

            Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible bonds notes are allocated to the liability
            and equity components in proportion to the allocation of the gross proceeds. Transaction costs
            relating to the equity component are charged directly to equity. Transaction costs relating to the
            liability component are included in the carrying amount of the liability portion and amortised over the
            period of the convertible bonds notes using the effective interest method.




200   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Derecognition of financial liabilities
   The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
   discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
   liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

   The Group accounts for an exchange with a lender of a financial liability with substantially different
   terms as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition of a new financial
   liability. A substantial modification of the terms of an existing financial liability or a part of it (whether or
   not attributable to the financial difficulty of the Group) is accounted for as an extinguishment of the
   original financial liability and the recognition of a new financial liability.

   The Group considers that the terms are substantially different if the discounted present value of the
   cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any fees received and discounted
   using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10 per cent different from the discounted present
   value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial liability. Accordingly, such exchange of debt
   instruments or modification of terms is accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees incurred
   are recognised as part of the gain or loss on the extinguishment. The exchange or modification is
   considered as non-substantial modification when such difference is less than 10 per cent.

   Derivative financial instruments
   Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into
   and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting
   gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective as a
   hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the
   nature of the hedge relationship.

   Hedge accounting
   The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for fair value hedges, cash flow
   hedges, or hedges of net investments in foreign operations.

   At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the
   hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for
   undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing
   basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in
   fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

   For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly
   probable, the Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows
   (contractually or non- contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate
   benchmark reform.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   201
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Hedge accounting (continued)
            Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness
            For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective
            in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when
            the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:

            •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;

            •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
                   relationship; and

            •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
                   hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
                   entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

            If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge
            ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the
            Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets
            the qualifying criteria again.

            For changes made to the hedged risk, hedged item or hedging instrument required by interest rate
            benchmark reform, the Group amends the formal designation of a hedging relationship to reflect the
            changes by the end of the reporting period during which the relevant changes were made. Such an
            amendment to the formal designation of the hedging relationship constitutes neither the discontinuation
            of the hedging relationship nor the designation of a new hedging relationship.

            Fair value hedges
            The fair value change on qualifying hedging instruments is recognised in profit or loss except when the
            hedging instrument hedges an equity instrument designated at FVTOCI in which case it is recognised
            in other comprehensive income.

            The carrying amount of a hedged item not already measured at fair value is adjusted for the fair value
            change attributable to the hedged risk with a corresponding entry in profit or loss. For debt
            instruments measured at FVTOCI, the carrying amount is not adjusted as it is already at fair value, but
            the hedging gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss instead of other comprehensive income. When
            the hedged item is an equity instrument designated at FVTOCI, the hedging gain or loss remains in
            other comprehensive income to match that of the hedging instrument.

            Where hedging gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss, they are recognised in the same line as
            the hedged item.




202   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Hedge accounting (continued)
   Cash flow hedges
   The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging
   instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive
   income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative
   change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the
   ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in the ‘other gains and
   losses’ line item.

   When a hedged item in a cash flow hedge is amended to reflect the changes that are required by the
   interest rate benchmark reform, the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve is deemed to
   be based on the alternative benchmark rate on which the hedged future cash flows are determined.

   Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are
   reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line
   as the recognised hedged item. However, when the hedged forecast transaction results in the
   recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously
   recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are removed from equity and
   included in the initial measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. This
   transfer does not affect other comprehensive income. Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or
   all of the loss accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will not be recovered in the future, that
   amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

   Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
   Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash flow hedges. Any
   gain or loss on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised in
   other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of translation reserve. The gain or
   loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in the
   “other gains or losses” line item.

   Gains or losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge accumulated in
   the Exchange differences on translation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the
   foreign operation.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   203
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Hedge accounting (continued)
            Discontinuation of hedge accounting
            The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part
            thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances
            when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing hedge
            accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case
            hedge accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

            For fair value hedge of debt instruments at amortised cost or debt instruments at FVTOCI, the fair
            value adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item arising from the hedged risk is amortised
            to profit or loss from that date. The amortisation is based on a recalculated effective interest rate at
            the date that amortisation begins. In the case of debt instruments at FVTOCI, amortisation applies in
            the same manner but to the extent of the cumulative hedging gain or loss previously recognised in
            profit or loss.

            For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
            equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is ultimately
            recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or
            loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

            Cash and cash equivalents
            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise
            cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily
            convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and
            have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are
            repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents
            comprise cash on hand and at banks and other financial institutions, including term deposits, and
            assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

            Dividends
            Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
            meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to consolidated financial statements.

            Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s Bye-Laws grant
            the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised
            immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.




204   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2021




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Related parties
   A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

   (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

         (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

         (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

         (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

   (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

         (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

         (ii)    one entity is an associate of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary
                 of the other entity);

         (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

         (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                 entity;

         (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                 or an entity related to the Group;

         (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

         (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                 management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

         (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                 personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

   Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
   be influence by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:

   (a)   that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;

   (b)   children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and

   (c)   dependants of the person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

   A related party transaction is a transfer of resources, services or obligations between reporting entity
   and a related party, regardless of whether a price is charged.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   205
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
            In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 2.3, the directors of
            the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
            underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be
            relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
            period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
            periods.

            Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
            The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that the directors of
            the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the
            most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

            Revenue recognition from sales of goods at a point in time
            Revenue is recognised over time when the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an
            alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
            completed to date. Significant judgement is required in determining whether the terms of the Group’s
            contracts with customers in relation to products with no alternative use create an enforceable right to
            payment for the Group. The Group has considered the relevant local laws that apply to those relevant
            contracts and opinion from external legal counsel. Based on the assessment of the Group’s
            management, the terms of the relevant sales contracts do not create an enforceable right to payment
            for the Group after taking into consideration indicators. Accordingly, the sales of products with no
            alternative use is considered to be performance obligation satisfied at a point in time when control of
            the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of goods.

            Determining the method to estimate variable consideration and assessing the constraint for
            the sale of goods
            Certain contracts for the sale of goods include a right of return that give rise to variable consideration.
            In estimating the variable consideration, the Group is required to use either the expected value method
            or the most likely amount method based on which method better predicts the amount of consideration
            to which it will be entitled.

            The Group determined that the expected value method is the appropriate method to use in estimating
            the variable consideration for the sale of goods with rights of return, given the large number of
            customer contracts that have similar characteristics.

            Before including any amount of variable consideration in the transaction price, the Group considers
            whether the amount of variable consideration is constrained. The Group determined that the estimates
            of variable consideration are not constrained based on its historical experience, business forecast and
            the current economic conditions. In addition, the uncertainty on the variable consideration will be
            resolved within a short time frame.




206   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
     Estimation uncertainty
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
     uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material
     adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets as at 31 December 2021 were approximately RMB1,855 million (2020: RMB2,208
     million), in relation to unused tax losses for certain operating subsidiaries has been recognised in the
     Group’s consolidated statement of financial position. No deferred tax assets have been recognised on
     the tax losses for non-operating subsidiaries due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. The
     realisability of the deferred tax assets mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits or taxable
     temporary differences will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future taxable profits
     generated are less or more than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in
     revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of deferred tax
     assets may arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal
     or further recognition takes place.

     Fair value measurement of financial instruments
     The fair value of the unlisted equity investments as at 31 December 2021 were approximately
     RMB4,828 million (2020: RMB2,640 million), are measured at fair value with fair value being determined
     based on significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are
     required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in
     assumptions relating to these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair value of these
     instruments. See Notes 20 and 47 for further disclosures.

     Provision of ECL for trade receivables
     Trade receivables with significant balances and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually. In
     addition, the Group uses provision matrix to calculate ECL for the trade receivables which are
     individually insignificant. The provision rates are based on days past due as groupings of various
     debtors that have similar loss patterns. The provision matrix is based on the Group’s historical default
     rates taking into consideration forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable available
     without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
     reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. Due to greater financial
     uncertainty triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has increased the expected loss rates in
     the current year as there is higher risk that a prolonged pandemic could led to increased credit default
     rates.

     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the
     Group’s trade receivables are disclosed in Note 25.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   207
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
            Estimation uncertainty (continued)
            Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and other intangible
            assets
            Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets are stated at costs less
            accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the
            Group has to exercise judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event
            has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an
            asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value
            of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the
            appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow
            projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable
            amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable
            amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belong. Changing the assumptions and
            estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially
            affect the net present value used in the impairment test.

            Useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment
            Management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation for the Group’s property,
            plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of
            items of property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as
            a result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to industry cycles. The
            depreciation charge will increase when the useful lives are less than the previously estimated useful
            lives, or management will write off or write down obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been
            abandoned or sold. As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of the property, plant and
            equipment were approximately RMB26,981 million (2020: RMB24,845 million).

            Estimated impairment of goodwill
            Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the
            cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is
            the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires
            the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit (or a
            group of cash-generating units) and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.
            Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances
            which results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss may arise. No
            impairment losses were recognised during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. As at 31
            December 2021, the carrying amount of goodwill are approximately RMB21,827 million (2020:
            RMB22,518 million). Further details are given in Note 17 to the consolidated Financial Statements.




208   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (continued)
     Estimated impairment of interests in associates
     Determining whether impairment loss should be recognised requires an estimation of the recoverable
     amount of the relevant associate which is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of
     disposal. The value in use calculation requires the management of the Group to estimate the present
     value of the estimated cash flows expected to arise from dividends to be received from the associate
     and the proceeds from the ultimate disposal of the investment taking into account of factors, including
     discount rate, dividend payout rate etc. In cases where the actual cash flows are less or more than
     expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future cash flows
     estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of impairment may arise, which would be
     recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place.

     Impairment losses of interests in associates were recognised for the year ended 31 December 2021
     were approximately RMB Nil million (2020: RMB44 million). As at 31 December 2021, the net carrying
     amount of the investment in associates are approximately RMB23,232 million (2020: RMB21,569
     million). Further details are given in Note 19 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Provision of inventories
     Write-down of inventories to net realisable value is made based on the ageing and estimated net
     realisable value of inventories. The assessment of the write-down amount involves management’s
     judgements and estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the
     original estimate, such differences will impact the carrying value of the inventories and the write-down
     charge/reversal in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December 2021, the
     net carrying amounts of inventories (after impairment provision) were approximately RMB39,863 million
     (2020: RMB29,447 million)

     Product warranty provisions
     Product warranty provisions are made with reference to the retail volume and the expected unit cost
     for warranties. The assessment of the provision amount involves management’s judgements and
     estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimate,
     such differences will impact the carrying amount of the product warranty provisions and the provision
     amount charged/reversed in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December
     2021, the product warranty amounted to approximately RMB3,681 million (2020: RMB2,911 million).
     Further details are included in Note 33 to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   209
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
            Information reported to the directors, being the chief operating decision maker (CODM), for the
            purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods
            or services delivered or provided.

            For segment reporting, these individual operating segments have been aggregated into a single
            reportable segment. For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on
            their products and services.

            Specifically, the Group’s reportable segments under IFRS 8 are as follows:

            (a)    Smart Home Business in China
                   (i)     Household Food Solutions
                           •   the domestic refrigerator business segment manufactures and sells refrigerator within
                               Mainland China (“Refrigerators/Freezers”);

                           •    the domestic kitchen appliances business segment manufactures and sells kitchen
                                appliances within Mainland China (“Kitchen Appliances”);

                   (ii)    Household Air Solutions
                           •   the domestic air conditioner business segment manufactures and sells air conditioner
                               within Mainland China (“Air-conditioners”);

                   (iii)   Household Clothing Solutions
                           •   the domestic washing machines segments manufactures and sells washing machines
                               within Mainland China (“Laundry Appliances”);

                   (iv)    Household Water Solutions
                           •   the domestic water appliances business segments manufactures and sells water
                               appliances within Mainland China (“Water Appliances”);

            (b)    Smart Home Business in Overseas
                   •       the overseas home appliances and smart home business segments manufacture and sells
                           home appliances and smart home appliances worldwide other than Mainland China (“Smart
                           Home Business Overseas”); and




210   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2021




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     (c)   Other Business
           •     the others comprise business less than quantitative thresholds (“Other Business”). Such
                 Other Business includes, among other things, parts and components, small home
                 appliances and distribution services. The parts and components business primarily involves
                 procurement, manufacturing and sales of ancillary parts and components for home
                 appliances. Small home appliances business primarily involves design, outsourced
                 manufacturing and sales of various small home appliances of our brands, to supplement
                 our smart home solutions business. Distribution services business primarily involves
                 distribution of televisions, consumer electronic products and others for Haier Group and
                 other third parties, leveraging the Group’s extensive sales network.

     (a)   All assets are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate assets (mainly
           comprising certain of goodwill, interests in associates and cash and cash equivalents); and

     (b)   All liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate liabilities (mainly
           comprising of interests-bearing borrowings, bonds and convertible bonds).

     Inter-segment sales represent the goods and services provided between segments. Segment result has
     been derived after elimination of inter-segment cost changed between segments.

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from continuing operations by
     reportable segments:




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   211
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            2021

                                                                              Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                    Household     Household    Household
                                                             Household                      Air     Clothing       Water
                                                           Food Solutions            Solutions     Solutions    Solutions
                                                                                                                            Smart Home
                                                     Refrigerators/      Kitchen          Air-      Laundry         Water     Business       Other
                                                          Freezers    Appliances conditioners     Appliances   Appliances     Overseas    Business     Total
                                                            RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M


              Segment revenue
                Segment revenue from external
                   customers                                36,842          3,013       27,409        25,917       12,479       113,090      8,781    227,531
                Inter-segment revenue                        4,888            482        4,780         4,742          222           635     83,377     99,126


              Total                                         41,730          3,495       32,189        30,659       12,701       113,725     92,158    326,657

              Reconciliation:
              Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                              (99,126)


              Total                                                                                                                                   227,531


              Segments results                               2,976            53           245         2,707        1,458         5,926       (222)    13,143
              Reconciliation:
              Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                                        44


                                                                                                                                                       13,187
              Corporate and other unallocated
                 income and gains or losses                                                                                                             1,817
              Corporate and other unallocated
                 expenses                                                                                                                                (260)
              Finance costs                                                                                                                              (714)
              Share of profits and losses of
                 associates                                                                                                                             1,886


              Profit before taxation                                                                                                                   15,916




212   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     2020 (Restated)

                                                                       Smart Home Business in China
                                                                            Household      Household    Household
                                                    Household                       Air      Clothing       Water
                                                  Food Solutions             Solutions      Solutions    Solutions
                                                                                                                     Smart Home
                                             Refrigerators/      Kitchen            Air-     Laundry         Water     Business      Other
                                                  Freezers    Appliances   conditioners    Appliances   Appliances     Overseas   Business      Total
                                                   RMB’M         RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M     RMB’M      RMB’M


      Segment revenue
        Segment revenue from external
           customers                               30,562          2,636        21,861        22,483        9,833       100,044    22,282     209,701
        Inter-segment revenue                       3,821            136         3,645         3,502          384           579    70,419      82,486


      Total                                        34,383          2,772        25,506        25,985       10,217       100,623    92,701     292,187

      Reconciliation:
      Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                              (82,486)


      Total                                                                                                                                   209,701


      Segments results                               2,333           41              93        2,200        1,165         4,001         (5)     9,828
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                                         (3)


                                                                                                                                                9,825
      Corporate and other unallocated
         income and gains or losses                                                                                                             3,687
      Corporate and other unallocated
         expenses                                                                                                                                (249)
      Finance costs                                                                                                                            (1,321)
      Share of profits and losses of
         associates                                                                                                                             1,620


      Profit before taxation                                                                                                                   13,562




                                                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021        213
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            2021

                                                                            Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                  Household     Household    Household
                                                           Household                      Air     Clothing       Water
                                                         Food Solutions            Solutions     Solutions    Solutions
                                                                                                                          Smart Home
                                                   Refrigerators/      Kitchen          Air-      Laundry         Water     Business      Other
                                                        Freezers    Appliances conditioners     Appliances   Appliances     Overseas   Business    Total
                                                          RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


              Segment assets                              17,849          2,548       17,958        20,920        8,407       57,368     51,069   176,119
              Reconciliation:
              Elimination of segment assets                                                                                                       (63,373)
              Goodwill                                                                                                                             21,827
              Interests in associates                                                                                                              23,232
              Equity investments designated at
                 FVTOCI                                                                                                                             4,849
              Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                   1,855
              Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                                    2,786
              Financial assets measured at
                 amortised cost                                                                                                                       317
              Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                         80
              Pledged deposits                                                                                                                        755
              Other deposits with limited use                                                                                                         145
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                            44,958
              Other receivables                                                                                                                     3,601
              Other non-current financial assets                                                                                                      309


              Total assets                                                                                                                        217,460


              Segment liabilities                         42,593          2,371       15,600        11,249        7,866       33,822     59,664   173,165
              Reconciliation:
              Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                                  (63,106)
              Tax payable                                                                                                                           1,305
              Other payable                                                                                                                         1,313
              Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                         80
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                                                                            6
              Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                                          21,043
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                              2,122
              Convertible bonds                                                                                                                       335
              Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                           113


              Total liabilities                                                                                                                   136,376




214   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     2020 (Restated)

                                                                     Smart Home Business in China
                                                                          Household      Household    Household
                                                  Household                       Air      Clothing       Water
                                                Food Solutions             Solutions      Solutions    Solutions
                                                                                                                   Smart Home
                                           Refrigerators/      Kitchen            Air-     Laundry         Water     Business      Other
                                                Freezers    Appliances   conditioners    Appliances   Appliances     Overseas   Business     Total
                                                 RMB’M         RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


      Segment assets                             11,689          2,533        20,925        10,136        4,137        50,763    57,018    157,201
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment assets                                                                                                        (54,986)
      Goodwill                                                                                                                              22,518
      Interests in associates                                                                                                               21,569
      Equity investments designated at
         FVTOCI                                                                                                                              2,659
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                    2,208
      Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                                     2,165
      Financial assets measured at
         amortised cost                                                                                                                        554
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                          78
      Pledged deposits                                                                                                                         822
      Other deposits with limited use                                                                                                            4
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                             45,641
      Other receivables                                                                                                                      2,735
      Other non-current financial assets                                                                                                       330


      Total assets                                                                                                                         203,498


      Segment liabilities                        29,206          1,539        13,439         8,219        5,108        31,107    60,188    148,806
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                                   (54,848)
      Tax payable                                                                                                                            1,372
      Other payable                                                                                                                          1,030
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                         239
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                                                                            27
      Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                                           24,501
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                               1,900
      Convertible and exchangeable bonds                                                                                                     6,714
      Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                             89
      Bonds                                                                                                                                  5,535


      Total liabilities                                                                                                                    135,365




                                                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021       215
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            2021

                                                                               Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                     Household       Household     Household
                                                             Household                       Air       Clothing        Water
                                                           Food Solutions             Solutions       Solutions     Solutions
                                                                                                                                  Smart Home
                                                     Refrigerators/       Kitchen          Air-        Laundry          Water       Business      Other
                                                          Freezers     Appliances conditioners       Appliances    Appliances       Overseas   Business       Total
                                                            RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M             RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M     RMB’M        RMB’M


              Other segment information:
              Product warranty provisions                     1,422           109             889         1,075           620          1,365         —         5,480
              Provision for obsolete and
                 slow-moving inventories, net                   222            39             171           142            87            244       153         1,058
              Allowance for expected credit losses
                 in respect of trade and bills
                 receivable, net                                  3            10             245             1             7             54        98           418
              Impairment of prepayments, deposits
                 and other receivables and other
                 assets, net                                    204             9              22            50            44            103         (4)         428
              Gain on disposal of non-current
                 assets, net                                   (109)           —                5            (1)            1             15        (1)          (90)
              Depreciation and amortisation                     572           139             400           448           244          3,019       238         5,060


            2020 (Restated)

                                                                                 Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                      Household       Household     Household
                                                             Household                        Air       Clothing        Water
                                                           Food Solutions              Solutions       Solutions     Solutions
                                                                                                                                  Smart Home
                                                      Refrigerators/       Kitchen            Air-      Laundry          Water      Business      Other
                                                           Freezers     Appliances   conditioners     Appliances    Appliances      Overseas   Business         Total
                                                            RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M     RMB’M        RMB’M
                                                                                                                                                           (Restated)


              Other segment information:
              Product warranty provisions                     1,343            98             794           798           636          1,055         —         4,724
              Provision for obsolete and
                 slow-moving inventories, net                   207            37             417            79            33            191        51         1,015
              Allowance for expected credit losses
                 in respect of trade and bills
                 receivable, net                                  7            —               22            —              3             90          9          131
              Impairment of prepayments, deposits
                 and other receivables and other
                 assets, net                                    132             8              26            47            26              3        23           265
              Loss on disposal of non-current
                 assets, net                                      9            —                2            —              (1)           96         5           111
              Depreciation and amortisation                     420            98             339           403           151          3,297       387         5,095




216   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Geographical information
     (a)   Revenue from external customers


                                                                                2021                   2020
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


            Mainland China                                                    112,292               107,653
            North America                                                      70,277                63,705
            Europe                                                             19,737                16,513
            South Asia                                                          7,138                 5,472
            Australia and New Zealand                                           7,012                 5,979
            Southeast Asia                                                      4,740                 4,123
            Japan                                                               3,491                 3,613
            Middle East and Africa                                              1,479                 1,205
            Other country/regions                                               1,365                 1,438


                                                                              227,531               209,701


           The revenue information of above is based on the locations of the customers.

           The revenue related to sales to overseas are subject to relevant tax at corresponding
           jurisdictions, if any.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   217
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            Geographical information (continued)
            (b)    Non-current assets


                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                   RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


                     Mainland China                                                 16,874            15,060
                     Other country/regions                                          25,209            25,213


                                                                                    42,083            40,273
                     Interests in associates                                        23,232            21,569
                     Goodwill                                                       21,827            22,518
                     Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                         4,849             2,659
                     Deferred tax assets                                             1,855             2,208


                                                                                    93,846            89,227


                   The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes
                   interests in associates, goodwill, equity investments designated at FVTOCI and deferred tax
                   assets.

            Information about major customers
            No single customer of the Group contributed 10% or more to the total revenue of the Group during
            the years ended 2021 and 2020.




218   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE, OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES
     An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


      Sale of goods                                                             227,192               209,371
      Rendering of services                                                         339                   330


                                                                                227,531               209,701


                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


      Sale of goods
      — Point in time                                                           227,192               209,371
      Rendering of service
      — Point in time                                                                177                   116
      — Over time                                                                    162                   214


                                                                                227,531               209,701


     All revenue contracts are for a period of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction
     price allocated to unsatisfied or partially satisfied contracts is not disclosed.

     Information about the Group’s performance obligations under IFRS 15 is summarised below:

     Sale of goods
     The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of goods and payment is generally due within 30
     to 90 days from delivery, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required.
     Some contracts provide customers with a right of return and volume rebates which give rise to variable
     consideration subject to constraint.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   219
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      5.    REVENUE, OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES (continued)
            Rendering of services
            The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at point in time as services are rendered or when
            the customer obtains control of the distinct services and payment is generally due within 30 to 90
            days from customers. Service contracts are for periods of one year or less, or are billed based on the
            time incurred.

            An analysis of other gains or losses is as follows:

                                                                                       2021                2020
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                      (Restated)


              Treasury and investment income:

              Interest income from
                 Bank                                                                    538                470
                 Wealth management products                                               60                 88
                 Other                                                                    27                 17
              Cash discount income                                                       163                144
              Dividend income from equity investment designated at
                 FVTOCI                                                                   59                 21


                                                                                         847                740
              Compensation received from Suppliers                                        37                 43
              Gain/(loss) on disposal of
                Non-current assets, net                                                   90               (111)
                Financial assets/liabilities measured at FVTPL, net                      393                 70
                Subsidiaries                                                               2              2,261
              Government grants (Note (a))                                               958              1,151
              Rental income from investment properties (Note (b))                         25                 23
              Net fair value gain on financial assets/liabilities at FVTPL               119                 62
              Net foreign exchange loss                                                 (577)              (385)
              Sundry income                                                              162                140


                                                                                       2,056              3,994




220   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021




5.   REVENUE, OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES (continued)
     Notes:


     (a)      Various government grants have been received for investments in certain regions in Mainland China in which the Company’s
              subsidiaries operate as well as for the Group’s technology advancements. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
              contingencies relating to these grants.


     (b)      The rental income from investment properties less direct outgoings for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 amounted
              to approximately RMB12 million and RMB4 million respectively.


6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX
     Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                     2021                    2020
                                                                                                   RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                        (Restated)


           Cost of inventories sold                                                                156,745                147,628
           Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories,
             net (Note (a))                                                                           1,058                  1,015
           Cost of services                                                                             256                    224


                                                                                                   158,059                148,867


           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                              3,433                  3,413
           Depreciation of investment properties                                                          1                      2
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                          759                    715
           Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                      830                    929
           Amortisation of other non-current assets                                                      37                     36


                                                                                                      5,060                  5,095


           Employee benefit expense: (including directors’, chief
            executive and supervisors’ remuneration — Note 8):
            Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind                                      23,773                  22,279
            Pension scheme contributions                                                             1,594                   1,179
            Equity-settled share-based expense                                                         262                     289


                                                                                                    25,629                  23,747




                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021      221
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      6.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX (continued)
            Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                2021                 2020
                                                                                                              RMB’M               RMB’M
                                                                                                                                (Restated)


                  Impairment of trade and bills receivables, net (Note (b))                                      418                    131
                  Impairment of prepayments, deposits and other receivables
                    and long term prepayments, net (Note (b))                                                    428                    265
                  Impairment of property, plant and equipment (Note (b))                                           4                      1
                  Impairment of interests in associates (Note (b))                                                —                      44
                  Impairment of other intangible assets (Note (b))                                                30                     46


                                                                                                                 880                    487


                  Research and development costs                                                               8,357                 6,853
                  Auditors’ remuneration                                                                          14                    13
                  Expenses relating to short-term leases and low value leases                                    200                   211
                  Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of
                    lease liabilities                                                                            361                   130
                  Product warranty provisions                                                                  5,480                 4,724
                  Net foreign exchange loss                                                                      577                   385
                  (Gain)/loss on disposal/write-off of non-current assets, net                                   (90)                  111
                  Share-based payment expense                                                                    262                   289

            Notes:

            (a)      The net provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories for the year is included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated
                     statement of profit or loss.

            (b)      Included in “Administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




222   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2021




7.   FINANCE COSTS
     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                      2021                    2020
                                                                                                    RMB’M                    RMB’M


       Interest on borrowings                                                                            368                     789
       Interest on bond                                                                                    7                      35
       Interest on convertible bonds                                                                      50                     177
       Interest on lease liabilities                                                                     113                     123
       Other finance costs                                                                               176                     197


                                                                                                         714                   1,321


8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION
     Directors’, chief executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the
     Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
     the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                    2021                     2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000                  RMB’000


       Fees                                                                                            1,689                   1,201


       Other emoluments:
         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                    2,971                    1,887
         Discretionary bonuses                                                                        4,500                    2,756
         Equity-settled share-based expense (Note)                                                   58,787                   19,498
         Pension scheme contributions                                                                   577                      198


                                                                                                     66,835                   24,339


                                                                                                     68,524                   25,540

     Note: During the year, certain directors were granted share award/options, in respect of their services to the Group under the share
           award/option of the Company. Details of the share award/option are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial
           statements.




                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021        223
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (a)    Independent non-executive directors
                   The remuneration of independent non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December
                   2021 and 2020 is as follows:

                   2021


                                                                      Salaries,
                                                                   allowances                 Equity-settled           Pension
                                                                and benefits in Discretionary share-based              scheme
                                                         Fees           kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                           Notes      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


                     DAI Deming             (i)           138               —               —                —               —         138
                     CHIEN Da-chun                        225               —               —                —               —         225
                     WONG Hak Kun                         225               —               —                —               —         225
                     LI Shipeng             (ii)          188               —               —                —               —         188
                     WU Qi                  (iii)          87               —               —                —               —          87


                                                          863               —               —                —               —         863


                   2020


                                                                      Salaries,
                                                                   allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                  and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                         Fees          in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                           Notes      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                     DAI Deming                           200               —               —                —               —         200
                     SHI Tiantao            (iv)          138               —               —                —               —         138
                     CHIEN Da-chun                        200               —               —                —               —         200
                     WONG Hak Kun           (v)            75               —               —                —               —          75


                                                          613               —               —                —               —         613




224   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (b)   Executive directors and the chief executive
           The remuneration of executive directors and the chief executive during the years ended 31
           December 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

           2021


                                                         Salaries,
                                                      allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                     and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                              Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                   Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


            Executive directors:
            LIANG Haishan                       —              967           1,628          35,150              127      37,872
            LI Huagang
               (chief executive)                —              736           1,507            3,861             126       6,230
            Xie Juzhi               (vi)        —              728           1,227            2,094             130       4,179


                                                —            2,431           4,362          41,105              383      48,281


           2020


                                                          Salaries,
                                                       allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                      and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                              Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                   Notes   RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


            Executive directors:
            LIANG Haishan                       —              942           1,618            7,134             108       9,802
            LI Huagang
               (chief executive)                —              662           1,138            5,434              90       7,324


                                                —            1,604           2,756          12,568              198      17,126




                                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021     225
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (c)    Non-executive directors
                   The remuneration of non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December 2021 and
                   2020 are as follows:

                   2021


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances                Equity-settled            Pension
                                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based               scheme
                                                         Fees       in kind        bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                           Notes      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


                     Non-executive
                       directors:
                     TAN Lixia              (vii)          —              —               —           16,107               —       16,107
                     WU Changqi                           225             —               —               —                —          225
                     LIN Sui                              225             —               —               —                —         225
                     YU Hon To, David       (viii)        188             —               —               —                —         188
                     Eva LI Kam Fun          (ix)         188             —               —               —                —         188


                                                          826             —               —           16,107               —       16,933


                   2020


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                    Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                 and benefits   Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                         Fees         in kind       bonuses         expenses     contributions      Total
                                           Notes      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                     Non-executive
                       directors:
                     TAN Lixia                             —              —               —             6,486              —        6,486
                     WU Changqi                           200             —               —                —               —          200
                     LIN Sui                              200             —               —                —               —         200
                     YAN, Andrew Y           (x)          188             —               —                —               —         188


                                                          588             —               —             6,486              —        7,074




226   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (d)   Supervisors
           The remuneration of supervisors during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 are as
           follows:

           2021


                                                      Salaries,
                                                   allowances                 Equity-settled           Pension
                                                and benefits in Discretionary share-based              scheme
                                         Fees           kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                             Notes    RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


            WANG Peihua       (xi)         —                —               —               694              —         694
            MING Guoqing      (xii)        —                —               —               453              —         453
            YU Miao                        —               290              46               45              85        466
            LIU Dalin        (xiii)        —                —               —               228              —         228
            MA Yingjie       (xiv)         —               250              92              155             109        606


                                           —               540             138            1,575             194       2,447


           2020


                                                      Salaries,
                                                   allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                  and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                         Fees          in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                             Notes    RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


            WANG Peihua                    —                —               —               265              —         265
            MING Guoqing                   —                —               —               179              —         179
            YU Miao                        —               283              —                —               —         283


                                           —               283              —               444              —         727




                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021     227
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (d)    Supervisors (continued)
                   Notes:


                   (i)      DAI Deming resigned on 25 June 2021.

                   (ii)     LI Shipeng appointed on 5 March 2021.

                   (iii)    WU Qi appointed on 25 June 2021.

                   (iv)     SHI Tiantao resigned on 3 June 2020.

                   (v)      WONg Hak Kun appointed on 3 June 2020.

                   (vi)     XIE Juzhi appointed on 5 March 2021.

                   (vii)    TAN Lixia resigned on 31 March 2021.

                   (viii)   YU Hon To, David appointed on 5 March 2021.

                   (ix)     Eva LI Kam Fun appointed on 5 March 2021.

                   (x)      YAN, Andrew Y resigned on 3 November 2020.

                   (xi)     WANG Peihua resigned on 25 June 2021.

                   (xii)    MING Guoqing resigned on 25 June 2021.

                   (xiii)   LIU Dalin appointed on 25 June 2021.

                   (xiv)    MA Yingjie appointed on 25 June 2021.


            There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive
            any remuneration during the year.

      9.    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
            The five highest paid employees during the year included two directors and one of which is the chief
            executive (2020: three directors and one of which is the chief executive), details of whose
            remuneration are set out in Note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining
            three (2020: two) highest paid non-director employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of
            the Company are as follows:

                                                                                       2021                2020
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


              Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                14,840              1,648
              Discretionary bonuses                                                     1,096              2,730
              Equity-settled share-based expense                                        9,351             25,102
              Pension scheme contributions                                                380                200


                                                                                       25,667             29,680




228   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




9.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (continued)
     The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell
     within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                             Number of employees
                                                                                2021             2020


      HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                    2                      —
      HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                    —                      1
      HK$17,500,001 to HK$18,000,000                                                  1                      —
      HK$26,500,001 to HK$27,000,000                                                  —                       1


      Total                                                                            3                      2


     For share award/option were granted to these non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
     employees in respect of their services to the Group under the share award/option scheme of the
     Group. The fair values of share award/option, which have been recognised in the statement of profit or
     loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the
     consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 are included in the
     above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.

10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


      Current tax
      Charge for the year                                                          2,501                 2,117
      Deferred tax (Note 35)                                                         198                   116


      Total tax charge for the year                                                2,699                 2,233


     Under the Law of the Mainland China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
     Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the Mainland China subsidiaries is 25%. Certain subsidiaries
     of the Group in the Mainland of China were approved as High and New Technology Enterprise subject
     to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% during the years ended 31 December 2021 and
     2020.

     Overseas tax is calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation
     prevailing in the respective jurisdictions.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   229
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (continued)
            A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the
            jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax
            expense at the effective tax rates is as follows:

                                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                                                           RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                                                 (Restated)


                Profit before tax                                                                            15,916                  13,562


                Tax at the statutory tax rate                                                                 3,979                    3,391
                Lower tax rates enacted by local authorities                                                   (495)                    (477)
                Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                                      (355)                    (460)
                Tax effect of share of profits or losses to associates                                         (376)                    (351)
                Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                               (158)                    (230)
                Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                           270                      270
                Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                                             (166)                      90


                Total tax charge for the year                                                                 2,699                    2,233


      11. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                                                           RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                                                 (Restated)


                Proposed final dividend                                                                       4,320                    3,400


                Dividend paid during the year                                                                 3,411                    2,467


                                                                                                               2021                     2020
                                                                                                               RMB                      RMB


                Dividend proposed per share*                                                                    0.46                   0.366

            *       The amount represents RMB4.6 for every 10 shares in 2021 (2020: RMB3.66 for every 10 shares). Where the total share
                    capital of the Company changes before the registration date for the implementation of the equity distribution, it is expected
                    to maintain the total distribution unchanged and adjust the distribution ratio per share accordingly.




230   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period
   attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary
   shares in issue during the period, as adjusted to exclude the repurchased share.

   The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit attributable to ordinary
   equity holders of the Company, adjusted to reflect the interest and effect of the convertible and
   exchangeable bonds, where applicable (see below). The weighted average number of ordinary shares
   used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the period, as used in the
   basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to
   have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential
   ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

   The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                 2021                   2020
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


    Earnings
    Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company
       used in the basic earnings per share calculation                         13,067                  8,883
    Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
    Interest on convertible and exchangeable bonds, net of tax                       50                   177
    Profit for the year attributable to convertible and
       exchangeable bonds holders                                                    —                   (370)


    Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share                      13,117                  8,690




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   231
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
          HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                     2021                   2020


              Number of shares

              Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
                of calculating basic earnings per share                                    9,275,992,161         6,639,703,600
              Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
                Convertible bond                                                             107,788,092            10,434,277
                Share award                                                                   14,253,946                    —
                Share option                                                                     966,956                    —


              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
               the year used in the diluted earnings per share calculation                 9,399,001,155         6,650,137,877

            Notes:


            The weighted average number of ordinary shares as above are adjusted by the number of shares that would have been issued
            assuming the conversion of convertible bonds, share award and share option.


      13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (a)      During the year, in addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these consolidated financial
                     statements, the Group had the following material transactions with the Group’s related parties
                     (and their affiliates):

                                                                                                    2021                   2020
                      Relationship            Nature of transactions                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                                      (Restated)


                      Associates              Sale of goods and services                            1,645                 1,592
                                              Purchase of goods and services                       19,107                17,044
                                              Interest income                                         340                   158
                                              Interest expenses                                         8                    87


                      Haier                   Sale of goods and services                            2,385                 2,567
                      Affiliates              Purchase of goods and services                       21,499                22,172
                        (Note (i))            Other service fee expenses                              106                   114




232   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2021




13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (a)   (continued)
         The above transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually
         agreed by the parties involved.

         Note:


         (i)       Haier Affiliates include Haier Group’s associates and subsidiaries and its respective associates.


   (b)   Compensation of key management personnel (including the directors, chief executive and
         supervisors of the Company) of the Group.

                                                                                                     2021                  2020
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000


               Short term employee benefits                                                           18,089               7,323
               Post-employment benefits                                                                1,441                 306
               Equity-settled share-based expense                                                     79,336              20,913


               Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                    98,866              28,542


         Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in Note 8 to
         Consolidated Financial Statements.

         The number of non-director and non-chief executive, non-supervisors and key management
         personnel whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                             Number of key management
                                                                                                     personnel
                                                                                                   2021           2020


               Number of individuals within the band of
               HK$1,000,001 — HK$1,500,000                                                                  —                   1
               HK$2,000,001 — HK$2,500,000                                                                  —                   1
               HK$2,500,001 — HK$3,000,000                                                                   1                  —
               HK$3,000,001 — HK$3,500,000                                                                   2                  —
               HK$3,500,001 — HK$4,000,000                                                                   1                  —
               HK$4,500,001 — HK$5,000,000                                                                   1                  —
               HK$5,000,001 — HK$5,500,000                                                                   1                  —
               HK$6,500,001 — HK$7,000,000                                                                   2                  —


               Total                                                                                         8                   2




                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   233
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (c)    The Group had the following balances with its related parties as at 31 December 2021 and 2020:

                                                                                          2021               2020
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M

                         Balance due from related parties:
                         Trade related
                         — Associates                                                        866               581
                         — Haier Affiliates                                                1,038             1,655

                                                                                           1,904             2,236

                         Balance due to related parties:
                         Trade related
                         — Associates                                                      1,521               320
                         — Haier Affiliates                                                5,506             6,829

                                                                                           7,027             7,149

            (d)    Guarantee
                   Certain of the Group’s loans are guaranteed by:

                   (i)      Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company provide a guarantee over the loan
                            with outstanding amount of approximately RMB305 million as at 31 December 2021 (2020:
                            RMB Nil million); and

            (e)    For the transactions constitute connected transactions under Listing Rules, please refer to
                   “Connected Transactions” under “Report of the Directors”.




234   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                              Furniture
                                             Land and        Leasehold Machinery and                       fixture and    Construction
                                             buildings     improvement    equipment Motor vehicles        equipments       in progress      Total
                                               RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M               RMB’M           RMB’M       RMB’M


    Cost:
    As at 1 January 2020                         9,578             465        23,467           157               2,290           2,439     38,396
    Additions                                      141             134          1,228              3               125           4,704      6,335
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 39)           —               —              50              1                —                1          52
    Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 40)            (597)            (36)        (1,150)          (11)              (171)           (147)    (2,112)
    Disposals/write-off                             (50)             (8)       (1,071)            (9)             (243)             —      (1,381)
    Transfer from construction in progress         941              13          1,843            15                447          (3,293)        (34)
    Transfer to investment property
       (Note 15)                                    —               —              —             —                  —                (2)        (2)
    Exchange realignment                          (262)             (6)         (998)            (5)               (60)            (91)    (1,422)


    As at 31 December 2020 and
       1 January 2021 (Restated)                 9,751             562        23,369           151               2,388           3,611     39,832
    Additions                                       91             377         1,006             5                 115           5,014       6,608
    Disposal of subsidiaries                        —               —             (7)           —                   —               —           (7)
    Disposals/write-off                            (56)            (13)         (872)          (12)               (200)             —      (1,153)
    Transfer from construction in progress       1,413              —          2,382            18                 456          (4,269)          —
    Exchange realignment                          (256)             (4)         (375)           (1)               (143)           (172)      (951)


    As at 31 December 2021                      10,943             922        25,503           161               2,616           4,184     44,329


    Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment:
    As at 1 January 2020                         3,043              96        10,253            80                 944              34     14,450
    Depreciation provided for the year             497             154         2,400            20                 342              —       3,413
    Eliminated on disposal of subsidiaries
        (Note 40)                                 (321)            (16)         (817)          (10)               (105)             —      (1,269)
    Eliminated on disposals/write-off               (18)             (8)        (794)            (6)              (218)             —      (1,044)
    Reversal of impairment loss                      —              —             —             —                   —              (34)        (34)
    Impairment provided for the year                 —              —             —             —                   —                1           1
    Exchange realignment                           (65)             (4)         (440)            (3)               (18)             —        (530)


    As at 31 December 2020 and
        1 January 2021 (Restated)                3,136             222        10,602            81                 945              1      14,987
    Depreciation provided for the year             493             220         2,309            19                 392              —       3,433
    Eliminated on disposal of subsidiaries          —               —             (6)           —                   —               —          (6)
    Eliminated on disposals/write-off              (26)            (13)         (648)          (10)               (148)             —       (845)
    Impairment provided for the year                —               —              4            —                   —               —            4
    Exchange realignment                           (62)             (2)          (82)           —                  (79)             —       (225)


    As at 31 December 2021                       3,541             427        12,179            90               1,110               1     17,348


    Carrying amounts
    As at 31 December 2021                       7,402             495        13,324            71               1,506           4,183     26,981


    As at 31 December 2020 (Restated)            6,615             340        12,767            70               1,443           3,610     24,845




                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021              235
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
            As at 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s land and buildings with an aggregate net book value
            of approximately RMB274 million (2020: RMB858 million) did not have building ownership certificates
            registered under the names of the respective subsidiaries of the Company.

            In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy
            and/or use the buildings and investment properties for its daily operations, notwithstanding the fact
            that the related building ownership certificates have not yet been obtained.

      15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                       RMB’M


              Cost:
              As at 1 January 2020                                                                          48
              Transfer from property, plant and equipment (Note 14)                                           2
              Exchange realignment                                                                           (1)


              As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                      49
              Disposals                                                                                     (12)
              Exchange realignment                                                                           (1)


              As at 31 December 2021                                                                        36


              Accumulated depreciation:
              As at 1 January 2020                                                                          19
              Depreciation provided for the year                                                             2


              As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                      21
              Depreciation provided for the year                                                              1
              Disposals                                                                                     (11)


              As at 31 December 2021                                                                        11


              Carrying amounts
              As at 31 December 2021                                                                        25


              As at 31 December 2020                                                                        28


            The Group’s investment properties consist of one commercial property in Hong Kong and two
            industrial properties in Mainland China as at 31 December 2021 (2020: one commercial property in
            Hong Kong and three industrial properties in Mainland China).




236   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
   The fair value of the Group’s investment properties as at 31 December 2021 has been arrived at on
   the basis of a valuation carried out on the respective dates by Shanghai Orient Appraisal Co. Ltd.,
   independent qualified professional valuers not connected to the Group.

   The valuation technique is the income approach and the significant inputs used in the fair value
   measurement are the estimated rental value, rent growth and discount rate for investment properties in
   Hong Kong.

   The fair value of the industrial properties in Mainland China and in Hong Kong was determined based
   on the income approach, where the market rentals of all lettable units of the properties are assessed
   and discounted at the market yield expected by investors for this type of properties. The market
   rentals are assessed by reference to the rentals achieved in the lettable units of the properties as well
   as other lettings of similar properties in the neighbourhood. The discount rate is determined by
   reference to the yields derived from analysing the sales transactions of similar commercial properties in
   Mainland China and in Hong Kong adjusted to take into account the market expectation form property
   investors to reflect factors specific to the Group’s investment properties. There has been no change
   from the valuation technique used in the prior year.

   In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current
   use.

   Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at the
   end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                             2021                             2020
                                                                    Fair value                       Fair value
                                                      Carrying      at Level 3         Carrying      at Level 3
                                                       amount        hierarchy         amount         hierarchy
                                                       RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M           RMB’M


    Investment properties in Hong Kong                       16              26              19               22
    Investment properties outside Hong Kong                   9              28               9               40


   The above investment properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per
   annum:

   Investment property                                                                          1.9% to 5.0%

   As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s investment properties in Mainland China with a carrying amount
   of approximately RMB5 million (2020: RMB7 million) did not have a building ownership certificate
   registered under the name of the respective subsidiary of the Company. The Group obtained an
   undertaking from Haier Group in relation to this property title issue, details of which are set out in
   Note 14 to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   237
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      16. LEASES
            The Group as a leasee
            The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use rights, buildings, machinery and
            equipment, furniture, fixtures and equipment and motor vehicles used in its operations. Lump sum
            payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 50
            years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of
            buildings and plant and machinery generally have lease terms between one and ten years, while
            machinery and equipment, furniture, fixtures and equipment and motor vehicles generally have lease
            terms of twelve months or less and/or are individually of low value.

            (a)    Right-of-use assets
                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are
                   as follows:


                                                                                                           Furniture,
                                                             Prepaid                Machinery                fixtures
                                                          land lease      Land and        and      Motor          and
                                                           payments        building equipment    vehicles equipment      Total
                                                             RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M


                     As at 1 January 2020                      1,047         2,347         26        114         268     3,802
                     Additions                                   245           855         15         54          75     1,244
                     Disposals                                  (184)           (49)       (6)        (4)         —       (243)
                     Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 40)           (23)          (19)       —          —           —         (42)
                     Depreciation provided for the year           (21)        (535)        (9)       (60)        (90)     (715)
                     Exchange realignment                           (3)       (121)         1          1         (23)     (145)


                     As at 31 December 2020 and
                        1 January 2021                         1,061         2,478         27        105         230     3,901
                     Additions                                   111           590          6         58          96       861
                     Disposals                                   (38)          (63)        —          —           —      (101)
                     Depreciation provided for the year          (76)        (532)       (13)        (53)        (85)    (759)
                     Exchange realignment                         (6)          (96)         4         (9)        (10)    (117)


                     As at 31 December 2021                    1,052         2,377         24        101         231     3,785




238   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




16. LEASES (continued)
   The Group as a leasee (continued)
   (b)   Lease liabilities
         The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                     RMB’M


          Carrying amount as at 1 January 2020                                                         2,575
          New leases                                                                                     999
          Interest expenses recognised during the year                                                   123
          Payments                                                                                      (728)
          Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 40)                                                              (23)
          Early Termination                                                                               (83)
          Exchange realignment                                                                          (119)


          Carrying amount as at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                    2,744
          New leases                                                                                     750
          Interest expenses recognised during the year                                                   113
          Payments                                                                                      (769)
          Early Termination                                                                              (88)
          Exchange realignment                                                                          (102)


          Carrying amount as at 31 December 2021                                                       2,648


          Analysed into:
          As at 31 December 2021
          Current portion                                                                                687
          Non-current portion                                                                          1,961


                                                                                                       2,648


          As at 31 December 2020
          Current portion                                                                                671
          Non-current portion                                                                          2,073


                                                                                                       2,744


         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 48 to Consolidated Financial
         Statements.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   239
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      16. LEASES (continued)
            The Group as a leasee (continued)
            (c)    The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                          2021              2020
                                                                                        RMB’M              RMB’M


                     Interest on lease liabilities                                          113                123
                     Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                             683                693
                     Expense relating to:
                        Short-term leases                                                   190                199
                        Lease of low value assets                                            10                 13
                        Variable lease payments not included in the
                          measurement of lease liabilities                                  361                130


                     Total amount recognised in profit or loss                            1,357              1,158


            (e)    The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in Note 41(c) to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                                                                          2021              2020
                                                                                        RMB’M              RMB’M


                     Lease liabilities payable:

                     Within one year                                                        725                691
                     Within a period of more than one year but not
                      exceeding two years                                                   550                577
                     Within a period of more than two years but not
                      exceeding five years                                                  945                458
                     Within a period of more than five years                                780              1,402


                     Total minimum lease payment                                          3,000              3,128
                     Less: total future interest expenses                                  (352)              (384)


                                                                                          2,648              2,744
                     Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
                            shown under current liabilities                                (687)              (671)


                     Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
                      under non-current liabilities                                       1,961              2,073


                   The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 0.01%
                   to 10.12% (2020: 0.12% to 11.45%).




240   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




16. LEASES (continued)
   The Group as a lessor
   The Group leases its investment properties (Note 15) consisting of one commercial property in Hong
   Kong and two industrial properties in Dalian, the Mainland China, under operating lease arrangements
   as at 31 December 2021 (2020: one commercial property in Hong Kong and three industrial properties
   in Hefei and Dalian, the Mainland China,). Rental income recognised by the Group was approximately
   RMB25 million (2020: RMB23 million) for the years ended 31 December 2021, details of which are
   included in Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

   At the end of the reporting period, the undiscounted lease payments receivables by the Group in
   future periods under non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


     Within one year                                                              20                     31
     In the second to fifth years, inclusive                                      11                     18
     After five years                                                              3                      3


                                                                                  34                     52


17. GOODWILL
                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


     Cost:
     At 1 January                                                            22,518                 23,352
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 39)                                       —                      465
     Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 40)                                          —                        (3)
     Exchange realignment                                                       (691)                (1,296)


     At 31 December                                                          21,827                 22,518


     Net carrying amount                                                     21,827                 22,518




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   241
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      17. GOODWILL (continued)
            Goodwill acquired through business combinations are allocated to the following cash-generating units
            for impairment testing:

            Smart Home Business Overseas segment:

            •      GE Appliances;

            •      Haier New Zealand Investment Holding Company Limited (“HNZ”); and

            •      Haier Europe Appliance Solutions S.P.A (Formerly know as “Candy S.p.A”) (“Candy”)

            Other business segment:

            •      Qingdao Gooday Lejia IOT Technology Co., Ltd. (“Lejia IOT”)

            The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that
            goodwill might be impaired.

            The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the cash-generating units is as follows:

                                                                                                       2021                   2020
                                                                                                     RMB’M                   RMB’M


                GE Appliances (Note)                                                                  18,939                 19,383
                HNZ (Note)                                                                               471                    509
                Candy (Note)                                                                           1,877                  2,086
                Lejia IOT (Note)                                                                         448                    448
                Other                                                                                     92                     92


                Net carrying amount                                                                   21,827                 22,518

            Note: The recoverable amounts of GE Appliances, HNZ, Candy and Lejia IOT have been determined by using cash flow projections
                  based on financial budgets approved by senior management.


            Assumptions were used in the value-in-use or fair value less cost of disposal calculation of the above
            cash-generating units as at 31 December 2021 and 2020. The following describes each key
            assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing
            of goodwill. The annual growth rates of each CGUs are based on the relevant industry growth
            forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. Other key
            assumptions for the value-in-use calculations relate to the estimation of cash flows which include
            budgeted sales and gross margin, such estimation is based on the unit’s past performance and
            management’s expectations for the market development.

            During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the management of the Group determines that
            there is no impairment on goodwill.




242   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




17. GOODWILL (continued)
   Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of GE Appliances are as follows:


                                    Pre-tax        Annual    Terminal
                                   discount        growth     growth         EBIT       EBITDA     Headroom
                                       rate           rate       rate         rate         rate    (in million)


                                                     2.16%                  6.40%         8.92%
     As at 31 December 2021          10.78%       to 3.36%     2.00%     to 7.54%     to 10.04%    RMB22,987


                                                    2.50%                   6.91%         9.91%
     As at 31 December 2020          13.08%       to 3.40%     2.00%     to 8.18%     to 11.18%    RMB13,356


   Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of HNZ are as follows:


                                                   Annual    Terminal
                                    Pre-tax        growth     growth         EBIT       EBITDA     Headroom
                                   discount           rate       rate         rate         rate    (in million)


                                                     3.08%                  6.27%        11.39%
     As at 31 December 2021          17.85%       to 5.22%     2.00%     to 9.45%     to 14.24%       RMB874


                                                     0.25%                  3.90%        10.84%
     As at 31 December 2020          13.55%       to 3.08%     2.00%     to 8.90%     to 15.54%       RMB288


   Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of Candy are as follows:


                                                   Annual    Terminal
                                    Pre-tax        growth     growth         EBIT       EBITDA     Headroom
                                   discount           rate       rate         rate         rate    (in million)


                                      9.43%         10.08%                  3.01%         5.26%
     As at 31 December 2021        to 9.52%      to 48.02%     2.00%    to 13.95%     to 15.76%    RMB18,692


                                      10.41%         8.92%                  2.80%         5.26%
     As at 31 December 2020        to 10.42%     to 77.37%     2.11%     to 7.14%      to 8.34%       RMB924




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   243
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      17. GOODWILL (continued)
            Sensitivity analysis of the recoverable amount are disclosed as below:


                                                                 GE Appliances           HNZ              Candy


              1% (increase)/decrease in discount rate would
                result in recoverable amount (decrease)/
                increase by:


              31 December 2021 (in million):                  RMB(6,376)/7,651   RMB(273)/318   RMB(3,495)/4,584


              31 December 2020 (in million):                  RMB(4,131)/4,960   RMB(356)/426     RMB(856)/1,093


            The below analysis by the management of the Company estimate of a reasonably possible change in a
            key assumption would cause the carrying amount of the CGU to exceed its recoverable amount:

            As at 31 December 2021, if the discount rate increases 1%, while other parameters remain constant,
            the recoverable amount of the GE Appliances, HNZ and Candy will reduce approximately RMB6,376
            million, RMB273 million and RMB3,495 million (2020: approximately RMB4,131 million, RMB356 million
            and RMB856 million) respectively, and there are no further impairment on goodwill of GE Appliances,
            HNZ and Candy (2020: RMBNil, RMB80 million and RMBNil) respectively.

            Annual growth rate — The basis used to determine the annual growth rate is the average growth rate
            achieved in the years immediately before the budget year, increased for expected market
            development.

            Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the
            relevant units.

            EBIT — Projected average earnings before interest and taxes.

            EBITDA — Projected average earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation.

            Terminal growth rate — The constant rate that the Company is expected to grow at forever.




244   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2021




18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                  Proprietary   Patents and                   Software &
                                  technology       licences   Trademarks          Others            Total
                                      RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M


    As at 1 January 2020               1,041          3,760         2,722             2,117          9,640
    Additions                            109            48             —               402             559
    Acquisition of subsidiaries
      (Note 39)                           —             —              —                55              55
    Disposal of subsidiaries
      (Note 40)                           —             —              —               (24)            (24)
    Disposals                             —             —              —                 (8)             (8)
    Amortisation provided for
      the year                          (169)         (135)            —              (625)          (929)
    Impairment loss                        —             —             —                (46)           (46)
    Exchange realignment                 (10)         (226)            (8)              (46)         (290)


    As at 31 December 2020
      and 1 January 2021                 971         3,447         2,714            1,825            8,957
    Additions                            137           170            —               511              818
    Disposals                             —             —             (4)             (30)             (34)
    Amortisation provided for
      the year                         (152)          (124)            —              (554)          (830)
    Impairment loss                       —              —           (30)                —            (30)
    Exchange realignment                 (50)          (74)         (204)              (55)          (383)


    As at 31 December 2021               906         3,419         2,476            1,697            8,498


   The carrying amounts of trademarks allocated to each of cash generating unites of the Group is as
   follows:

                                                                               2021                2020
                                                                             RMB’M                RMB’M


    GE Appliances                                                               606                   620
    HNZ                                                                         534                   608
    Candy                                                                     1,336                 1,486


    Net carrying amount                                                       2,476                 2,714




                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   245
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
            The trademark held represented the exclusive right to use of registered trademarks, including Fisher &
            Paykel, DCS and ELBA for HNZ business. GE Appliances operates under several key brands, including
            General Electric series (all product lines), Monogram (refrigerator and cooking), and Hotpoint (laundry
            and cooking), etc. Candy business operates under several key brands, including Candy (mainly
            oriented to the low-to-mid-end kitchen and bathroom appliances) and Hoover (mainly oriented to the
            mid-to-high-end kitchen and bathroom appliances and the floor care appliances).

            In estimating the fair value of trademark, a variation of the income approach, the Relief from Royalty
            (“RfR”) Method, was applied. In the RfR method, the fair value of the intangible asset is estimated to
            be the present value of the royalties saved because the Company owns the intangible asset. In other
            words, the owner of the intangible asset realises a benefit from owning the intangible asset rather than
            pay a rent or royalty for the use of the intangible asset.

            Set out below are details of the value of inputs used in the value-in-use or fair value less cost of
            disposal calculation under IAS 36. The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial
            budgets approved by management, and key parameters adopted by the valuer for performing the
            impairment assessment of the intangible assets belong to GE Appliances, HNZ, Candy, being the cash
            generating unit of the Group with indefinite useful lives (i.e. trademark) as at 31 December 2021 and
            2020 are as follows:

                                                          GE Appliances                  HNZ               Candy


                        Key parameters on valuation:
              (a)       Annual growth rate
                        31 December 2021:                   5.57%–6.77%          2.04%–2.09%       12.73%–17.05%
                        31 December 2020:                   6.90%–7.33%         8.29%–11.02%        9.21%–29.96%

              (b)       Pre-tax discount rate
                        31 December 2021:                          10.4%              20.32%               10.25%
                        31 December 2020:                         12.34%              18.90%               10.25%

              (c)       Terminal growth rate
                        31 December 2021:                          2.00%                 —%                 2.00%
                        31 December 2020:                          2.00%                 —%                 2.11%

              (d)       Royalty rate
                        31 December 2021:                          1.25%               2.60%                1.25%
                        31 December 2020:                          1.25%               2.50%                1.25%


            The valuation methodology and assumptions were consistently adopted and applied in the valuations
            conducted by the respective valuers. The management of the Group considered that the basis and
            assumptions used for preparing the cash flow projection, the valuation methodology and the valuation
            report were reasonable and appropriate.




246   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
   There was no impairment loss recognised during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

   The below sensitivity analysis by management of the Company estimate if a reasonably possible
   change in a key assumption would cause the intangible assets carrying amount to exceed its
   recoverable amount:

                                                     GE Appliances                 HNZ                  Candy


    Sensitivity analysis
    1% (increase)/decrease in the discount rate
       would result in recoverabale amount
       (decrease)/increase by:
    31 December 2021 (in million):                   RMB(111)/141          RMB(37)/41           RMB(311)/400
    31 December 2020 (in million):                        RMB(9)/9         RMB(43)/49            RMB(271)/351

    Headroom
    31 December 2021 (in million):                        RMB400              RMB209                RMB1,473
    31 December 2020 (in million):                          RMB57              RMB149                RMB1,059


19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
   Details of interests in associates of the Group and the Company is as follow:

                                                                                  2021                  2020
                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Cost of investments in associates                                            14,710                 14,552
    Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
      income, net of dividends received                                            8,649                 7,144
    Impairment loss                                                                 (127)                 (127)


                                                                                 23,232                 21,569




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   247
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
            Particulars of the material associates of the Group are as follows:

                                   Place of
                                   incorporation/     Paid-up capital   Percentage of equity
                                   registration of     or registered     attributable to the     Principal      Type of legal
              Name                 business                   capital         Company            activities     activity
                                                                ’000         2021         2020


              Haier Group          Mainland China/         RMB7,000       42.00%       42.00%    Financing      Limited liability
                Finance Co., Ltd    Mainland China                                                                company




            The following table illustrates summarised financial position of Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd, as at
            31 December 2021 and 2020 and summarised financial performance information for the years ended
            31 December 2021 and 2020 adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the
            carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements.

            Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Haier Finance”)

                                                                                                      2021               2020
                                                                                                    RMB’M               RMB’M


              Current assets                                                                          61,295             62,750
              Non-current assets, excluding goodwill                                                   9,404             12,907
              Current liabilities                                                                    (53,404)           (59,895)
              Non-current liabilities                                                                   (370)              (223)


              Net assets, excluding goodwill                                                          16,925             15,539


              Reconciliation on to the Group’s interest in Haier Finance:
              Net assets of Haier Finance, excluding goodwill                                         16,925             15,539


              Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                   42.00%              42.00%


              The Group’s share of net assets of Haier Finance                                         7,109               6,526




248   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
   Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Haier Finance”) (continued)

                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Revenue                                                                    2,040                 2,226
    Profit for the year                                                        1,503                 1,551
    Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                            (38)                   (23)
    Total comprehensive income for the year                                    1,465                 1,528


    Dividends declared                                                           218                   126


    Share of results of Haier Finance                                            631                   651


   The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s and the Company’s
   associates that are not individually material:

                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Share of results of the associates for the year                            1,255                   969
    Share of the associates’ other comprehensive income                          (34)                 (315)


                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Aggregate carrying amount of the
      Group’s investments in the associates                                  16,123                 15,043


   The Group’s trade receivable and payable balances with the associates are disclosed in Notes 25 and
   29 to Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively.




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   249
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      20. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FVTOCI
                                                                                          2021               2020
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


              Listed equity investments, at fair value:
              — Qingdao Eastsoft Communication Technology Co., Ltd                           14                  13
              — Other                                                                         7                   6

              Unlisted equity investments, at fair value:
              — Sinopec Marketing Co, Limited                                             1,290               1,118
              — Haier COSMO IoT Ecosystem Technology Co., Ltd.
                   (“Haier COSMO”)                                                        2,812               1,397
              — Other                                                                       726                 125


                                                                                          4,849               2,659


            The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVTOCI as the Group considers these
            investments to be strategic in nature. Details of valuation techniques used to estimate the fair values of
            the above equity investments are set out in Note 47 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

            During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group received dividends in the amount of
            approximately RMB59 million (2020: RMB21 million) from the above investments.

      21. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FVTPL
                                                                                          2021               2020
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


              Current
              Wealth management products                                                  2,169               1,862
              Foreign currency forward contracts                                            136                 105
              Marketable securities                                                         151                 114
              Investment in other equity instruments                                        330                  84


                                                                                          2,786               2,165


            As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, included in the Group’s wealth management products were
            products with floating returns which were measured at FVTPL. All wealth management products are
            principal protected.




250   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




22. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Current
    Wealth management products                                                   317                   554


    Non-current
    Long-term receivables                                                        309                   331


                                                                                 309                   331


                                                                                 626                   885


   As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, included in the Group’s wealth management products were
   products with fixed returns which were stated at amortised cost. All wealth management products are
   principal protected. The expected credit losses for the wealth management products are immaterial to
   the Group.




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   251
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      23. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                           2021    2020
                                                                         RMB’M    RMB’M


              Non-current assets
              Derivative financial instruments                               47      47


              Derivatives that are designated and effective as hedging
                instruments carried at fair value:

              Current assets
              Foreign currency forward contracts                             73      52
              Forward commodity contract                                      7      26


                                                                             80      78


                                                                            127     125


              Derivatives that are designated and effective as hedging
                instruments carried at fair value:

              Current liabilities
              Foreign currency forward contracts                             60     189
              Interest rate swaps                                            20      50


                                                                             80     239


      24. INVENTORIES
                                                                           2021    2020
                                                                         RMB’M    RMB’M


              Raw material                                                5,044    2,670
              Work in progress                                              115      337
              Finished goods                                             34,704   26,440


                                                                         39,863   29,447




252   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                 2021                  2020
                                                                               RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Trade receivables                                                           15,373                 16,371
    Less: Allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”)                            (742)                  (442)


    Trade receivables, net                                                      14,631                 15,929


    Bills receivables                                                           13,422                 14,148
    Less: Allowance for ECL                                                        (67)                    (11)


    Bills receivables, net                                                      13,355                 14,137


    Total                                                                       27,986                 30,066


   The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where
   payment in advance is normally required. The credit period generally ranges from 30 to 90 days. Each
   customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding
   receivables to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In
   view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of
   diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any
   collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are
   non-interest-bearing.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   253
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
            An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
            date and net of ECL, is as follows:

                                                                                        2021              2020
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M


              1 to 3 months                                                            12,768             14,097
              3 months to 1 year                                                        1,517              1,450
              1 to 2 years                                                                238                211
              2 to 3 years                                                                 53                 63
              Over 3 years                                                                 55                108


                                                                                       14,631             15,929


            The movements in the ECL of trade receivables and bills receivable are as follows:

                                                                                        2021              2020
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M


              As at 1 January                                                             453                460
              Impairment losses, net (Note 6)                                             418                131
              Amount written off as uncollectible                                         (33)                (91)
              Disposal of subsidiaries                                                     —                  (21)
              Exchange realignment                                                        (29)                (26)


              As at 31 December                                                           809                453


            As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a
            provision matrix to measure ECL. The ECL rates are based on days past due for groupings of various
            customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type). The calculation reflects the
            probability-weighted outcome and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the
            reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.
            Generally, trade receivables are written off if past due for more than one year and are not subject to
            enforcement activity.




254   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
   Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using
   a provision matrix:

   As at 31 December 2021


                                   Less than            1 to          2 to            Over
                                      1 year         2 years       3 years         3 years             Total


    Average loss rate                   3.37%        36.53%        32.91%           59.56%            4.83%
    Gross carrying amount
      (RMB’M)                          14,783            375             79             136           15,373
    Expected credit losses
      (RMB’M)                             498            137             26               81             742


   As at 31 December 2020


                                    Less than           1 to           2 to            Over
                                       1 year        2 years        3 years         3 years             Total


    Average loss rate                    2.0%          8.3%          31.5%           41.0%            2.70%
    Gross carrying amount
      (RMB’M)                          15,866            230             92             183           16,371
    Expected credit losses
      (RMB’M)                             319             19             29               75             442


   Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates approximately
   RMB548 million (2020: RMB1,092 million) and amounts due from associates approximately RMB741
   million (2020: RMB471 million) as at 31 December 2021. All of these amounts are repayable on credit
   terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the Group. Further details of the sales to
   these related parties are set out in Note 13 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

   As at 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s bills receivable of approximately RMB12,449 million
   (2020: RMB12,562 million) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bills payable (Note 29);
   certain of the Group‘s bills receivable of approximately RMB78 million (2020: RMB Nil million) were
   pledged to secure certain of the Group‘s loans

   As at 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s trade receivables of approximately RMB1,914 million
   (2020: RMB1,834 million) were pledged, which included trade receivable of approximately RMB185
   million were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s loans.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   255
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      26. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                                                           RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                                                 (Restated)


                  Current
                  Dividend receivables (Note a)                                                                   —                       5
                  Interest receivables (Note a)                                                                 294                     322
                  Taxes recoverable (Note a)                                                                  3,274                   2,440
                  Prepayments (Note a)                                                                          857                     765
                  Deposits (Note a)                                                                              87                     118
                  Other receivables (Note a)                                                                  1,837                   1,487
                  Right-of-return assets (Note a)                                                               585                     418


                                                                                                              6,934                   5,555
                  Less: Allowance for ECL                                                                      (519)                   (341)


                                                                                                              6,415                   5,214
                  Non-current
                  Long-term prepayments (Note b)                                                              1,860                   1,404


                                                                                                              8,275                   6,618

            Notes:


            (a)      Included in the Group’s prepayments, deposits and other receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates of approximately
                     RMB490 million (2020: RMB563 million) and amounts due from associates of approximately RMB125 million (2020: RMB110
                     million) as at 31 December 2021. All of these amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


                     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables mainly represent prepayments and the deposits with suppliers and other
                     parties. The ECL are estimated by applying a general approach with reference to the historical loss record of the Group and
                     is adjusted to reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. The average loss
                     rate applied as at the 31 December 2021 were 7.48% (2020: 6.14%). The credit quality of the financial assets included in
                     prepayments, deposits and other receivables is considered to be normal because they are not past due and there is no
                     information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk.


            (b)      Included in the Group’s long-term prepayments are advances made to Haier Affiliates relating to the Group’s property, plant
                     and equipment with an aggregate amount of approximately RMB33 million (2020: RMB81 million) as at 31 December 2021.
                     The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




256   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




26. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
   The movements in the ECL of deposits and other receivables are as follows:

                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    As at 1 January                                                               341                   293
    Impairment losses, net (Note 6)                                               428                   265
    Amount written off as uncollectible                                          (248)                 (213)
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                                       (1)                    (3)
    Exchange realignment                                                           (1)                    (1)


    As at 31 December                                                             519                   341


27. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
   Bank balances carry interest at market rates which range from 0.30% to 3.90% per annum (2020:
   0.30% to 0.40% per annum) for the year ended 31 December 2021. The pledged deposits carry
   interest rate which range from 0.39% to 3.90% per annum (2020: 0.39% to 3.90% per annum) for the
   year ended 31 December 2021. The pledged bank deposits will be released upon the settlement of
   relevant bills payables (Note 29).

   Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged to banks to secure banking facilities granted to the
   Group. Deposits amounting to approximately RMB744 million (2020: RMB720 million) have been
   pledged to secure bills payables (Note 29) as at 31 December 2021 and are therefore classified as
   current assets.

                                                                               2021                   2020
                                                                             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                 (Restated)


    Cash and bank balances                                                    24,951                 23,583
    Time deposits                                                             20,907                 22,884


                                                                              45,858                 46,467
    Less: Cash and bank balances and time deposits pledged for:
          Bills payable (Note 29)                                                (744)                 (720)
          Bank guarantees                                                         (11)                 (102)


          Pledged deposits                                                       (755)                 (822)
          Other deposit with limited use:                                        (145)                    (4)


    Cash and cash equivalents                                                 44,958                 45,641




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   257
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      27. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
            (continued)
            As at 31 December 2021, the cash and bank balances and time deposits of the Group, denominated
            in RMB, amounted to approximately RMB35,410 million (2020: RMB34,508 million). The RMB is not
            freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control
            Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the
            Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign
            exchange business.

            Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits are
            made for within three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn
            interest at the deposit rates of the respective periods. The bank balances and pledged deposits are
            deposited with creditworthy banks or financial institutions with no recent history of default.

            Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are deposits of approximately RMB28,632 million
            (2020: RMB24,958 million) placed with Haier Finance as at 31 December 2021 which is an associate
            of the Group and is a financial institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The interest rate on
            these deposits ranges from 0.39% to 3.30% per annum (2020: 0.39% to 3.90%per annum) for the
            year ended 31 December 2021. Further details of the interest income attributable to the deposits
            placed with Haier Finance are set out in Note 13 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

      28. ASSET AND DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE
                                                                                                              2021                      2020
                                                                                                            RMB’M                     RMB’M
                                                                                                           (Note a)                  (Note b)


                  Assets                                                                                             5                      17

            Notes:

            (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2021, Qingdao Haier Information Plastic & Rubber Manufacture Co., Ltd. signed a
                     demolition compensation agreement, with the carrying amount of approximately RMB5 million with the local government with
                     regards to certain land use rights with the local government. The land use right has been classified as a disposal group held
                     for sale and are presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.


            (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the assets held for sale are mainly included Qingdao Haier Information Plastic &
                     Rubber Manufacture Co., Ltd. and Qingdao Household Appliance Technological Equipment Institute signed a demolition
                     compensation agreement, with the fair value of approximately RMB13 million in total, with the local government with regards
                     to certain land use rights with the local government. The land use right has been classified as disposal group held for sale
                     and are presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.




258   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




29. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
                                                                                2021                   2020
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Trade payables                                                             42,345                 36,309
    Bills payables                                                             25,023                 21,236


                                                                               67,368                 57,545


   An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
   date, is as follows:

                                                                                2021                   2020
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Within 1 year                                                              66,967                 57,070
    1 to 2 years                                                                  170                     96
    2 to 3 years                                                                   84                     96
    Over 3 years                                                                  147                    283


                                                                               67,368                 57,545


   The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on credit terms ranging
   from 30 to 180 days.

   Included in the Group’s trade and bills payables are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of approximately
   RMB4,207 million (2020: 5,248 million) and amounts due to an associate of approximately RMB1,487
   million (2020: 316 million) as at 31 December 2021. Further details of the purchases from these related
   parties are set out in Note 13 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

   As at 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s bills payable are secured by the pledge of the
   Group’s bank deposits amounting to approximately RMB744 million (2020: RMB720 million) (Note 27)
   and the Group’s bills receivable amounting to approximately RMB12,449 million (2020: RMB12,562
   million) (Note 25).




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   259
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      30. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                           2021                2020
                                                                                         RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                          (Restated)


              Other payables and accruals                                                 22,937              21,173
              Refund liabilities:
                Volume rebate                                                              1,582               1,548
                Sales return                                                                 656                 505
              Deferred income (Note 34)                                                      130                  82


                                                                                          25,305              23,308


            Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

            Included in the Group’s other payables and accruals are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of
            approximately RMB1,284 million (2020: RMB1,581 million), amounts due to associates of approximately
            RMB34 million (2020: RMB4 million) and amounts due to controlling shareholders and their affiliates of
            approximately RMB15 million (2020: RMB Nil) as at 31 December 2021. All of these amounts are
            unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

      31. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES
            (a)    Contract assets

                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                         RMB’M               RMB’M


                     Retention for rendering service                                         304                 263


                   The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and
                   not billed because the rights are conditioned on the Group’s future performance. The contract
                   assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

                   The Group also typically agrees to a retention for 5% of the contract value. This amount is
                   included in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the Group’s entitlement to this
                   final payment is conditional at the end of warranty period.

                   The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to realise them
                   in its normal operating cycle.




260   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




31. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES (continued)
   (b)   Contract liabilities
         The Group’s sale of products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other value-
         added customer services contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments
         over the services period once certain specified milestones are reached. The Group requires
         certain customers to provide upfront deposits range from 10% to 20% of total contract sum as
         part of its credit risk management policies. The Group typically require 10% of total contract sum
         for credit risk management.

         The Group’s contract liabilities are analysed as follows:

                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


          Receipt in advance/contract liabilities
          Sale of goods                                                          10,007                  6,265
          Rendering of services                                                      10                      5


          As at 31 December                                                      10,017                  6,270


         Contract liabilities mainly include short-term advances received from customers for sales of
         products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other value-added customer
         services.

                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


          Contract liabilities
          As at 1 January                                                         6,270                  4,975
          Consideration received from customers over the
            amounts of revenue recognised                                         9,886                  6,296
          Less:
            Revenue recognised that was included in the
              contract during the year                                            (6,139)               (5,001)


          As at 31 December                                                      10,017                  6,270


         There were contract liabilities of approximately RMB6,139 million (2020: RMB5,001 million)
         recognised during the year as revenue from sales of goods and rendering of services.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   261
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      32. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
            The analysis of the carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                       2021              2020
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M


              Current
              Bank loans — unsecured                                                  17,408             12,171
              Bank loans — secured                                                       560                472


                                                                                      17,968             12,643


              Non-current
              Bank loans — unsecured                                                   3,075             11,858


                                                                                      21,043             24,501


              Unsecured                                                               20,483             24,029
              Secured                                                                    560                472


                                                                                      21,043             24,501


              Analysed into:
              Loans repayable:
                Within one year or on demand                                          17,968             12,643
                In the second year                                                     3,036              6,814
                In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                    39              5,044


                                                                                      21,043             24,501


              Effective interest rate
                Current
                   Bank loans — unsecured                                   0.40% to 7.50%      0.50% to 12.50%
                   Bank loans — secured                                     0.50% to 4.00%       0.13% to 5.85%
                Non-current
                   Bank loans — unsecured                                   0.80% to 7.50%       0.85% to 7.50%




262   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




32. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (continued)
   As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings were denominated in the
   following currencies:

                                                                                                   2021                    2020
                                                                                                 RMB’M                    RMB’M


         United States dollar                                                                      8,903                   12,848
         Renminbi                                                                                    174                      363
         Other currencies                                                                         11,966                   11,290


                                                                                                  21,043                   24,501

   Note: As at 31 December 2021, the Group has available unutilised overdraft and short-term bank loan facilities of RMB91,563 million
         (2020: RMB82,202 million).


   Included in the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings are borrowings of approximately RMB337 million
   (2020: RMB454 million) from Haier Finance, which is an associate of the Group and is a financial
   institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The interest rate on these loans ranges from 1.5%
   to 3.1% per annum (2020: 1.6% to 3.5% per annum) for the years ended 31 December 2021. Further
   details of the interest expense to these related parties are set out in Note 13 to Consolidated Financial
   Statement.

   Certain of the Group’s loans are guaranteed by:

   (i)      Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, approximately RMB305 million as at
            31 December 2021 (2020: RMB Nil); and

   Certain of the Group’s loans are secured by:

   (i)      pledge of the Group’s trade and bills receivables with carrying amount of approximately RMB263
            million as at 31 December 2021 (2020: RMB552 million)




                                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021        263
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      33. PROVISIONS
                                                                                        2021               2020
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


              Product warranties                                                         3,681              2,911
              Legal claim                                                                   29                 32
              Others                                                                       429                381


                                                                                         4,139              3,324
              Portion classified as current liabilities                                 (2,190)            (1,881)


              Non-current portion                                                        1,949              1,443


            The movements in product warranties are as follows:

                                                                                        2021               2020
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


              As at 1 January                                                            2,911              3,058
              Additional provision (Note 6)                                              5,480              4,724
              Amounts utilised during the year                                          (4,678)            (4,828)
              Exchange realignment                                                         (32)                (43)


              As at 31 December                                                          3,681              2,911


            The Group provides installation services and warranties of three to eight years to its customers for
            laundry appliances and water appliances under which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The
            amount of the provision for the warranties is estimated based on retail volume and past experience of
            the level of installation services rendered, repairs and returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an
            ongoing basis and revised where appropriate.




264   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




33. PROVISIONS (continued)
   The movements in legal claim are as follows:

                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M


     As at 1 January                                                                32                     20
     Additional provision                                                           12                     11
     Amounts utilised during the year                                              (12)                    —
     Exchange realignment                                                           (3)                     1


     As at 31 December                                                              29                     32


34. DEFERRED INCOME
   The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M


     As at 1 January                                                               633                   709
     Compensation received during the year                                         319                   296
     Credit to profit or loss                                                      (99)                 (372)


     As at 31 December                                                             853                   633
     Less: Current portion included in other payables and
            accruals (Note 30)                                                    (130)                   (82)


     Non-current portion                                                           723                   551


   Government grants mainly include subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group which
   operates in the Mainland China in accordance with the subsidy policies of local government authorities.
   Subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group is recognised in the consolidated statement of
   profit or loss and other comprehensive income when received and no specific conditions are required.
   Those government grants recognised are recognised as other income, the government grants
   recognised during the year are non-recurring. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies
   relating to these government grants.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   265
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      35. DEFERRED TAX
            The movements in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities during the years ended 31 December
            2021 and 2020 are as follows:

            Deferred tax assets

                                                      Impairment Accruals and    Unrealised
                                                       provisions    payables        profits   Others     Total
                                                          RMB’M       RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M


              As at 1 January 2020                          330         1,640           648       848     3,466
              Deferred tax credited to the
                statement of profit or loss
                during the year, net                         50           116            21       308       495
              Disposal of subsidiaries
                (Note 40)                                     (6)          (9)           —         —        (15)
              Exchange realignment                            —            —             —         13        13


              As at 31 December 2020 and
                1 January 2021                              374         1,747           669     1,169     3,959
              Deferred tax (charged)/credited
                to the statement of profit or
                loss during the year, net                    (8)        (279)           (51)      223      (115)
              Deferred tax charged to the
                statement of other
                comprehensive income
                during the year                               —            —             —        (48)      (48)
              Exchange realignment                          (11)         (65)             1       (77)     (152)


              As at 31 December 2021                        355         1,403           619     1,267     3,644




266   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




35. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
   Deferred tax liabilities

                                                           Differences of
                                                            depreciation
                                               Withholding           and
                                                     taxes  amortisation              Others             Total
                                                   RMB’M          RMB’M               RMB’M             RMB’M


    As at 1 January 2020                                 78           2,031                 932           3,041
    Deferred tax charged to the
      statement of profit or loss during
      the year, net                                     16             336                 259              611
    Deferred tax charged to the
      statement of other comprehensive
      income during the year                             —               —                  15               15
    Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 40)                   —               (1)               (15)             (16)


    As at 31 December 2020 and
      1 January 2021                                    94           2,366             1,191              3,651
    Deferred tax charged to the
      statement of profit or loss during
      the year, net                                      —               76                  7               83
    Deferred tax charged to the
      statement of other comprehensive
      income during the year                             —               —                 316              316
    Exchange realignment                                 —            (124)                (15)           (139)


    As at 31 December 2021                              94           2,318             1,499              3,911


   For presentation purpose, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement
   of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balance of the Group for financial
   reporting purpose:

                                                                                  2021                  2020
                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                              1,855                 2,208
    Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                             (2,122)               (1,900)


    Net deferred tax (liabilities)/assets                                           (267)                  308




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   267
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      35. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
            Deferred tax liabilities (continued)
            Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of certain tax losses as they have arisen in
            the certain subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable
            that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

            As at 31 December 2021, the Group has recognised deferred tax liabilities of approximately RMB94
            million (2020: RMB94 million) in relation to withholding taxes for the earnings of the Mainland China
            subsidiaries to be remitted in the foreseeable future.

      36. SHARE CAPITAL
            The movements of the Company’s issued share capital during the years ended 31 December 2021
            and 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                     Number of                    Share
                                                                                                        shares                   capital
                                                                                                            ‘M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                                                (Note d)


                  As at 1 January 2020                                                                      6,580                   6,580
                  Issue of shares (Note a)                                                                  2,448                   2,448


                  As at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                 9,028                   9,028
                  Issue of share (Note b)                                                                     403                     403
                  Share repurchase and cancelled (Note c)                                                     (32)                    (32)


                  As at 31 December 2021                                                                    9,399                   9,399

            Notes:


            (a)      The Company applied to and approved by the Stock Exchange for the listing of, and permission to deal in, 2,448,279,814 H
                     Shares on the Stock Exchange on 22 December 2020.


            (b)      Upon conversion of convertible bonds during current year, a total of 403,210,889 H Shares were issued.


            (c)      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased a total of 32,352,800 H shares which were subsequently
                     cancelled. The shares were repurchased at total price of approximately HKD1,000 million.


            (d)      All shares issued are at par value at RMB1.




268   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




37. SHARES-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTION
   The Company adopted the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025), the H
   Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025) and the H Share Restricted Share
   Unit Scheme (RSU) (2021–2025) at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2021 (AGM).

   It is expected that relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside within Mainland China will mainly
   be covered by the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, while relevant employees of the Group
   ordinarily reside outside Mainland China will mainly be covered by the RSU Scheme.

   The A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme are designed to provide incentive to middle and
   senior management and core employees with the Company’s two to three-year profit target and
   business unit and individual performance target as the main appraisal benchmarks.

   Pursuant to the authorisation sought at the AGM, the Board has the sole discretion of determining the
   list of employees entitled to participate in the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP and the allocation for
   subsequent phases, based on the rules of the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, changes in the
   workforce and performance assessment results, and are authorized to make adjustments. The Board or
   its delegate may, from time to time, select any eligible person to be a selected participant in
   accordance with the RSU Scheme Rules.

   Participants of the ESOP shall be the directors (except for independent directors), supervisors and
   senior officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its
   subsidiaries.

   The ESOP for each year shall be independent of each other, but the total number of shares held by
   each established and existing ESOP (including A share ESOP and H share ESOP) shall not exceed
   10% of the total share capital of the Company, and the total number of shares corresponding to a
   single employee’s share in the existing ESOPs shall not exceed 1% of the total amount of the
   Company’s share capital.

   (a)   A and H Share ESOP (2021)
         A Share ESOP (2021)
         Pursuant to the arrangement of the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021),
         25,440,807 A Shares (amounting to approximately RMB707 million, excluding related fees and tax
         expenses) held in the designated securities repurchase account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
         were transferred to the designated account of “Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core
         Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021)” at the price of RMB27.79 per share (which is the
         average purchase cost price of the shares in the designated repurchase account) through
         non-trading transfer on 22 July 2021.

         Such proportion of shares will be locked up in accordance with the regulations. According to the
         A Share ESOP (2021–2025), the A Share ESOP is subject to a 12-month lock-up period from the
         date of the Company’s disclosure of the announcement of the completion of the transfer of the
         repurchased A Shares from the designated securities repurchase account of the Company (i.e.,
         from 24 July 2021 to 23 July 2022).




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   269
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      37. SHARES-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTION (continued)
            (a)    A and H Share ESOP (2021) (continued)
                   A Share ESOP (2021) (continued)
                   The A Share ESOP (2021) Participants include 14 persons of directors, supervisors and other
                   senior management members, and 1,585 core technical (business) employees.


                                                                                          2021
                                                                                Weighted
                                                                           average grant       Number of
                                                                           date fair value awarded shares
                                                                                     RMB


                     At 1 January                                                       —                 —
                     Grant during the year                                            24.9       25,440,807


                     Outstanding as at 31 December                                    24.9       25,440,807


                   During the year ended 31 December 2021, A Share ESOP were granted on 30 July 2021. The
                   estimated fair values of the share granted on dates is RMB632 million.

                   H Share ESOP (2021)
                   Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021), the
                   Company entrusted an asset management company to purchase a total of 3,757,000 H Shares
                   of the Company in the secondary market through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an
                   average transaction price of HK$28.268 per share and a transaction amount of approximately
                   HK$106 million. The aforesaid purchased shares will be subject to lock-up for a period from
                   27 July 2021 to 26 July 2022.




270   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




37. SHARES-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTION (continued)
   (a)   A and H Share ESOP (2021) (continued)
         H Share ESOP (2021) (continued)
         The participants of the H Share ESOP are 35 core senior management staff members of the
         Company who play an important role in the overall performance and development of the
         Company.


                                                                                   2021
                                                                         Weighted
                                                                    average grant       Number of
                                                                    date fair value awarded shares
                                                                              RMB


          At 1 January                                                             —                      —
          Grant during the year                                                  21.6            3,757,000


          Outstanding as at 31 December                                          21.6            3,757,000


         During the year ended 31 December 2021, H Share ESOP were granted on 30 July 2021. The
         estimated fair values of the share granted on dates is RMB81 million (approximately HKD99
         million).

         The Group recognised the total expense of RMB209 million for the year ended 31 December
         2021 in relation to A and H Share ESOP granted by the Company.

   (b)   H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021)
         Subject to the RSU Scheme Rules, the Company and/or the delegatee may from time to time
         instruct the trustee in writing to subscribe or acquire H Shares on the Stock Exchange and to
         hold them on trust for the benefit of the selected participants on and subject to the terms and
         conditions of the RSU Scheme Rules and the Trust Deed.

         The Board or the delegatee may grant Awards to selected participants during the award period
         conditional upon fulfilment of terms and conditions of the Awards and performance targets as the
         Board or the delegatee determines from time to time.

         The Board shall not make any further grant which will result in the aggregate number of H
         Shares granted to exceed one per cent (1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the
         relevant grant date. The total number of RSU granted but remain unvested to a selected
         participant under the RSU Scheme shall not exceed zero point one per cent (0.1%) of the total
         number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date.

         The vesting of the Award granted under the RSU Scheme is subject to the conditions of the
         relevant business unit(s) and personal performance targets of the relevant Selected Participant
         and any other applicable vesting conditions as set out in the award letter.




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   271
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      37. SHARES-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTION (continued)
            (b)    H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021) (continued)
                   Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021), the Company
                   entrusted an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 4,538,400 H Shares of the
                   Company in the secondary market, with a transaction amount of approximately HK$124 million.

                   During the year, a total of 4,438,027 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and
                   accepted by 52 staff members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and
                   supervisors of the Company) who play an important role in the overall performance and
                   development of the Company.


                                                                                             2021
                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                              average grant       Number of
                                                                              date fair value awarded shares
                                                                                        RMB


                     At 1 January                                                          —                  —
                     Grant during the year                                               21.6         4,438,027


                     Outstanding as at 31 December                                       21.6         4,438,027


                   During the year ended 31 December 2021, H Share RSU were granted on 30 July 2021,
                   1 September 2021 and 15 December 2021. The estimated fair values of the H Share RSU
                   granted on those dates are RMB93 million, RMB1 million and RMB2 million respectively.

                   The Group recognised the total expense of RMB17 million for the year ended 31 December
                   2021 in relation to H Share RSU granted by the Company.

            (c)    A-Share Option Scheme
                   The Company adopted a 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “A Share Option
                   Incentive Scheme”) at the extraordinary general meeting held on 15 September 2021. This
                   scheme is an additional measure that builds on the Company’s A Share and H Share Employee
                   Stock Ownership Schemes and Restricted Share Unit Scheme to further enhance employee
                   incentives.

                   To drive the achievement of the Company’s longer term target, further enhance the development
                   of high-end scenario-based brand and smart household business, the Company introduced the A
                   Share Option Incentive Scheme to provide incentive to the core management members with five
                   or six-year appraisal period and higher profit targets than those under the A Share and H Share
                   ESOP.




272   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




37. SHARES-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTION (continued)
   (c)   A-Share Option Scheme (continued)
         The total number shares of the Company to be granted under the A Share Option Incentive
         Scheme within the validity period to any participants will not exceed 1% of the total number of
         shares of the Company. The total underlying shares of the Company involved under fully effective
         share option incentive schemes shall not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the
         Company as at the date of the announcement of the incentive scheme.

         For the A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 51,000,000 Share
         Options to the Participants. Among which, first 46,000,000 to be granted and 5,000,000 to be
         reserved.

         During the year, on 15 September 2021, the Company firstly granted 46,000,000 A Share
         options to 400 participants (included directors of the Company). On 15 December 2021, the
         Company granted 4,525,214 reserved share options to 18 participants under the 2021 A Share
         Option Incentive Scheme. The remaining reserved share options under the A Share Option
         Incentive Scheme will not be further granted.

         A-Share Option Scheme


                                                                                   2021
                                                                         Weighted
                                                                           average
                                                                     exercise price     Number of
                                                                         per share awarded shares
                                                                              RMB


          At 1 January                                                             —                      —
          Grant during the year                                                  25.6          50,525,214


          Outstanding as at 31 December                                          25.6          50,525,214


         The weighted-average remaining contract life for outstanding share options was 3.7 years as at
         31 December 2021.

         During the year ended 31 December 2021, options were granted on 15 September 2021 and 15
         December 2021. The estimated fair values of the options granted on those dates are RMB308
         million and RMB41 million respectively.




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   273
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      37. SHARES-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTION (continued)
            (c)    A-Share Option Scheme (continued)
                   These fair values were calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The inputs into the
                   model were as follows:

                                                                                                                2021


                   Share price                                                                        26.02 to 29.4
                   Exercise price                                                                             25.63
                   Expected volatility                                                           35.68% to 40.98%
                   Expected life                                                                            5 Year
                   Risk-free rate                                                                   2.3% to 2.74%
                   Expected dividend yield                                                         1.24% to 1.41%


                   The Group recognised the total expense of RMB36 million for the year ended 31 December
                   2021 in relation to share options granted by the Company.

      38. RESERVES
            (a)    Reserves
                   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the years ended 31
                   December 2021 and 2020 are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of
                   the consolidated financial statements.

                   (i)    According to the relevant rules and regulations in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”),
                          subsidiaries of the Company established in the PRC are required to transfer 10% of their
                          net profit, as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and
                          regulations, to the reserve fund until the balance of the reserve reaches 50% of their
                          respective registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before distribution
                          of dividends to owners of these subsidiaries. Reserve fund can be used to set off previous
                          years’ losses, if any, and may be converted into capital in proportion to existing equity
                          owners’ equity percentage, provided that the balance after such issuance is not less than
                          25% of their registered capital.

                   (ii)   Convertible bonds reserves component reserve represent the value of the unexercised equity
                          component of convertible bonds issued by the Company recognised in accordance with the
                          accounting policy adopted for convertible bonds. If the convertible bonds are not converted
                          at the maturity date, the convertible bonds reserves will not be reclassified subsequently to
                          profit or loss.




274   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021




38. RESERVES (continued)
   (a)   Reserves (continued)
         (iii)   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve comprises all foreign
                 exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statement of operations.

         (iv)    The cash flow hedge reserve represents the cumulative amount of gains and losses on
                 hedging instruments deemed effective in cash flow hedges. The cumulative deferred gain or
                 loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in profit or loss only when the hedged
                 transaction impacts the profit or loss, or is included directly in the initial cost or other
                 carrying amount of the hedged non-financial items (basis adjustment).

         (v)     Fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investments
                 designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) under IFRS 9 that
                 are held at the end of the reporting period.

         (vi)    Treasury shares reserve comprises all repurchased and cancelled its own ordinary share.

   (b)   Cash payment paid to scheme shareholders under the privatization proposal
         During the year ended 31 December 2020, upon the completion of the privatisation and the
         scheme becoming unconditional and effective, the payment of approximately HK$2,984 million
         (equivalent to approximately RMB2,513 million based on the exchange rate of HK$1.00 to
         RMB0.8421) is calculated based on the total number of schemes share of 1,530,174,884 at
         HK$1.95 per scheme share payable in cash to the scheme shareholders.

39. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
   Lejia IOT
   On 23 January 2020, the Group entered into acquisition agreements with unrelated third parties to
   acquire 75.96% of the equity interest in Lejia IOT at a cash consideration of approximately RMB562
   million. The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interests in Lejia IOT at the
   non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of Lejia IOT’s identifiable net assets.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   275
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      39. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
            Lejia IOT (continued)
            The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Lejia IOT as at the date of acquisition were as
            follows:

                                                                                                               RMB’M


              Property, plant and equipment                                                                          51
              Other intangible assets                                                                                46
              Trade and bill receivables                                                                             15
              Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                              8
              Cash and bank balances                                                                               224
              Trade and bills payables                                                                              (79)
              Other payables and accruals                                                                           (71)
              Contract liabilities                                                                                  (20)
              Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                             (1)
              Tax payable                                                                                             (1)
              Deferred income                                                                                         (2)
              Provision for pensions and similar obligation                                                           (4)


              Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                          166
              Non-controlling interests                                                                             (36)


                                                                                                                   130
              Goodwill on acquisition                                                                              448


                                                                                                                   578


              Satisfied by:
              Cash consideration                                                                                   562
              Other non-current liabilities                                                                         16


                                                                                                                   578


            An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition is as follows:

                                                                                                               RMB’M


              Cash consideration                                                                                  (562)
              Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                      224


              Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
                investing activities                                                                              (338)


            Since the acquisition, Lejia IOT contributed approximately RMB236 million to the Group’s revenue and
            approximately RMB40 million profit for the year ended 31 December 2020.



276   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




40. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
   During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group disposed certain of subsidiaries. One of the
   disposals was related that the Group disposed 54.50% shares of Haier COSMO on 29 September
   2020. The net assets of Haier COSMO and remaining disposed subsidiaries (“Others”) at the date of
   disposal were as follows:

                                               Haier COSMO                     Others                 Total
                                                     RMB’M                     RMB’M                 RMB’M


    Net assets disposed of:
    Property, plant and equipment                          702                      141                   843
    Right-of-use assets                                     42                       —                     42
    Goodwill                                                —                         3                     3
    Other intangible assets                                 20                        4                    24
    Interest in associates                                 204                       —                    204
    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                  9                       —                      9
    Financial assets measured at amortised
       cost                                               926                        —                    926
    Deferred tax assets                                    12                         3                    15
    Other non-current assets                               81                        —                     81
    Inventories                                         1,542                        40                 1,582
    Trade and bills receivables                         3,542                        19                 3,561
    Prepayments, deposits and other
       receivables                                       2,083                         5                2,088
    Cash and bank balances                               2,820                       —                  2,820
    Trade and bills payables                            (4,259)                     (14)               (4,273)
    Other payables and accruals                           (460)                     (17)                 (477)
    Contract liabilities                                (1,082)                      —                 (1,082)
    Interest-bearing borrowings                         (1,208)                     (81)               (1,289)
    Lease liabilities                                       (23)                     —                     (23)
    Tax payable                                             (30)                      (1)                  (31)
    Deferred income                                       (227)                       (3)                (230)
    Deferred tax liabilities                                  (8)                     (8)                  (16)
    Provisions for pensions and similar
       obligations                                            (3)                    —                       (3)
    Others                                                  (13)                      2                    (11)
    Non-controlling interests                           (1,225)                     (52)               (1,277)


                                                        3,445                        41                 3,486
    Gain on disposal of subsidiaries, net               2,267                         (6)               2,261


                                                        5,712                        35                 5,747




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   277
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      40. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                           Haier COSMO               Others             Total
                                                                 RMB’M               RMB’M             RMB’M


              Satisfied by:
              Cash                                                  4,060                 35             4,095
              Equity investments designated at FVTOCI               1,397                 —              1,397
              Interests in associates                                 255                 —                255


                                                                    5,712                 35             5,747


            An analysis of the net cash and cash equivalents receivable in respect of the material disposal of
            disposal of subsidiaries is as follows:

                                                           Haier COSMO               Others             Total
                                                                 RMB’M               RMB’M             RMB’M


              Cash consideration                                     4,060                35              4,095
              Cash and bank balance disposed of                     (2,820)               —              (2,820)


              Net cash and cash equivalents receivable
                in respect of the disposal of
                subsidiaries                                        1,240                 35             1,275


      41. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            (a)    Major non-cash transactions
                   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use
                   assets of approximately RMB861 million (2020:RMB999 million) and lease liabilities of
                   approximately RMB750 million (2020: RMB999 million), in respect of lease arrangements for land
                   and building, machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures and equipments.




278   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2021




41. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (continued)
   (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                          Other
                                                 payables and
                                                   accruals in                                        Convertible
                                                    relation to       Interest-                              and
                                                     financing         bearing            Lease     exchangeable
                                                      activities    borrowings        liabilities          bonds        Bond
                                                        RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M        RMB’M


          As at 1 January 20120                             193         26,685            2,575             7,005           —
          Changes from financing cash flows              (6,805)          (277)            (728)                (6)      5,500
          Foreign exchange movement                          (64)         (619)            (119)             (433)          —
          New leases                                          —              —              999                —            —
          Early Termination                                   —              —               (83)              —            —
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                        13              1                 —               —            —
          Interest paid and payable                         990              —              123               177           35
          Conversion of convertible bonds                    —               —               —                 (29)         —
          Disposal of subsidiaries                           —           (1,289)            (23)                —           —
          Dividends payable to the
             shareholders                                 2,467              —                —                —            —
          Dividends payable to non-controlling
             interests                                    3,333              —                —                —            —


          As at 31 December 2020 and
             1 January 2021                                 127         24,501            2,744             6,714         5,535
          Changes from financing cash flows              (3,975)        (1,997)           (769)                —        (5,542)
          Foreign exchange movement                         (46)        (1,461)           (102)               (61)           —
          New leases                                         —               —              750                —             —
          Early Termination                                  —               —              (88)               —             —
          Interest paid and payable                         542              —              113                50           7
          Conversion of convertible bonds                    —               —                —            (6,368)          —
          Dividends payable to the
             shareholders                                 3,411              —                —                —            —
          Dividends payable to non-controlling
             interests                                       63              —                —                —            —


          As at 31 December 2021                            122         21,043            2,648               335           —




                                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   279
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      41. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            (continued)
            (c)    Total cash outflow for leases

                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                   RMB’M               RMB’M


                     Within operating activities                                       (561)              (341)
                     Within financing activities                                       (769)              (728)


                                                                                     (1,330)            (1,069)


      42. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT
          OR LOSS
                                                                                      2021              2020
                                                                                    RMB’M              RMB’M


              Foreign currency forward contracts                                          6                 27


      43. BONDS
            During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group repaid an ultra-short-term financing bonds at a
            principal amount of approximately RMB5,500 million.

            On 17 July 2020, the Group issued an ultra-short-term financing bonds at a principal amount of
            approximately RMB3,000 million which is unsecured, bearing a fixed interest rate of 1.45% per
            annum.

            On 28 August 2020, the Group issued an ultra-short-term financing bonds at a principal amount of
            approximately RMB2,500 million which is unsecured, bearing a fixed interest rate of 1.71% per
            annum.

            Both bonds will mature within one year. The ultra-short-term financing bonds have been approved by
            National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors and registered in Shanghai Clearing
            House.




280   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




44. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
   On 21 November 2017, Harvest International Company (the “Issuer”), an indirect wholly owned
   subsidiary of the Company, issued the HK$8,000 million Zero Coupon Guaranteed Exchangeable
   Bonds due on 21 November 2022 (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds”). The holders of the HSH
   Exchangeable Bonds (the “Bondholders”) entitled to exchange their HSH Exchangeable Bonds into
   shares of Haier Electronics Group Co. Ltd (the “HEG”) during the period specified under the terms and
   conditions of the HSH Exchangeable Bonds (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and
   Conditions”). In connection with the privatization of HEG, to provide Bondholders with an alternative
   investment option in their HSH Exchangeable Bonds outside the various options available under the
   HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions, the Company proposed to amend the HSH
   Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions, such that, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
   precedent, after listing of the H shares of the Company, the HSH Exchangeable Bonds were not
   exchangeable into the HEG Shares but instead be convertible into the H Shares of the Company (the
   “EB-to-CB Proposal”). The HSH Exchangeable Bonds with such amended terms and conditions (the
   “HSH Convertible Bonds Terms and Conditions”) were hereafter referred to as the HSH Convertible
   Bonds (the “CB”). The EB-to-CB Proposal became effective upon listing of H Shares of the Company
   on 23 December 2020 and HK$7,993 million in aggregate principal amount of the CB was outstanding
   initially. One-time repayment of principal and interest (105.11% on remaining par value) will be made
   upon maturity.

   The convertible bonds entitle the holders to convert them into ordinary shares of the Company at any
   time between the date of issue of the notes and their settlement date at a conversion price of
   HK$18.58 per convertible bond.

   The fair value of the CB on the issuance date were recognised into as follows:

                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Liability component                                                           567                 6,747
    Equity component (Note 38(a)(ii))                                             241                 2,365


                                                                                  808                 9,112




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   281
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      44. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
            The movement of the liability component of CB is as follows:

                                                                                                                   2021                     2020
                                                                                                                 RMB’M                     RMB’M


                   As at 1 January                                                                                  6,714                    7,005
                   Conversion (Note 36(b))                                                                         (6,368)                      —
                   Recognise CB                                                                                        —                     6,741
                   Interest expense                                                                                     50                     177
                   Derecognise CEB                                                                                      —                   (6,770)
                   Redemption of CEB                                                                                    —                        (6)
                   Exchange realignment                                                                                (61)                   (433)


                   As at 31 December                                                                                  335                    6,714


      45. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
            concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
            balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the interest-beaning
            borrowings, lease liabilities, CB disclosed in Notes 32, 16(b) and 44 respectively, comprising issued
            share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

            The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                                   2021                     2020
                                                                                                                 RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                                                       (Restated)


                   Debt (i)                                                                                       24,026                   33,959
                   Equity (ii)                                                                                    81,084                   68,133


                   Net debt to equity ratio                                                                       29.6%                     49.8%

            (i)        Debt is defined as long and short-term interest-beaning borrowings, lease liabilities and convertible bonds as detailed in notes
                       32, 16(b) and 44.


            (ii)       Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group.




282   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments are as follows:

   Financial assets

   31 December 2021

                                                                                    Financial
                                       Financial     Financial        Derivative       assets
                                       assets at     assets at    designated as  measured at
                                          FVTPL       FVTOCI            hedges amortised cost              Total
                                         RMB’M         RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M               RMB’M


    Equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI                                 —         4,849                 —                 —          4,849
    Trade and bills receivables               —            —                  —             27,986        27,986
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables          —             —                 —             4,886          4,886
    Financial assets at FVTPL              2,786            —                 —                 —          2,786
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                        —              —                —                 626           626
    Derivative financial instruments         47             —                80                 —            127
    Pledged deposits                         —              —                —                 755           755
    Other deposits with limited use          —              —                —                 145           145
    Cash and cash equivalents                —              —                —              44,958        44,958


                                           2,833        4,849                80             79,356        87,118


   31 December 2020 (Restated)

                                                                                          Financial
                                       Financial      Financial        Derivative           assets
                                       assets at      assets at    designated as      measured at
                                          FVTPL        FVTOCI            hedges     amortised cost          Total
                                         RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M             RMB’M          RMB’M


    Equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI                                 —         2,659                 —                 —          2,659
    Trade and bills receivables               —            —                  —             30,066        30,066
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables          —             —                 —             3,913          3,913
    Financial assets at FVTPL              2,165            —                 —                 —          2,165
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                        —              —                —                 885           885
    Derivative financial instruments         47             —                78                 —            125
    Pledged deposits                         —              —                —                 822           822
    Other deposits with limited use          —              —                —                   4             4
    Cash and cash equivalents                —              —                —              45,641        45,641


                                           2,212        2,659                78             81,331        86,280




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   283
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      46. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
            Financial liabilities
            31 December 2021


                                                                                         Financial
                                                      Financial                          liabilities
                                                       liabilities     Derivative       measured
                                                      measured        designated     at amortised
                                                      at FVTPL        as hedges                cost      Total
                                                         RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M        RMB’M


              Trade and bills payables                          —              —            67,368       67,368
              Financial liabilities included other
                 Payables and accruals                          —              —            22,441       22,441
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL                    6              —                —             6
              Derivative financial instruments                  —              80               —            80
              Interest-bearing borrowings                       —              —            21,043       21,043
              CB                                                —              —               335          335
              Other non-current liabilities                     —              —               112          112
              Lease liabilities                                 —              —             2,648        2,648


                                                                 6             80          113,947      114,033


            31 December 2020 (Restated)


                                                                                          Financial
                                                        Financial                         liabilities
                                                        liabilities     Derivative       measured
                                                       measured        designated     at amortised
                                                       at FVTPL        as hedges               cost       Total
                                                          RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M       RMB’M


              Trade and bills payables                          —              —            57,545       57,545
              Financial liabilities included other
                 payables and accruals                         —               —            23,308       23,308
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL                   27              —                —            27
              Derivative financial instruments                 —              239               —           239
              Interest-bearing borrowings                      —               —            24,501       24,501
              CB                                               —               —             6,714        6,714
              Other non-current liabilities                    —               —                89           89
              Bonds                                            —               —             5,535        5,535
              Lease liabilities                                —               —             2,744        2,744


                                                               27             239          120,436      120,702




284   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
   The management estimates the carrying amount financial instruments carried at amortised cost
   approximately its fair value.

   Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, other
   deposits with limited use, certain other financial assets measured at amortised cost, trade receivables,
   other receivables, trade and bills payables and other payables approximate to their carrying amounts
   largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

   The Group’s management is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
   measurement of financial instruments. As at each reporting date, management analyses the
   movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the
   valuation. The valuation process and results are discussed with the those charged with governance
   twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

   The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
   could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or
   liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

   (a)   The fair values of unlisted equity investments in which was designated at FVTOCI, have been
         estimated using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not
         supported by observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires management to
         determine comparable public companies (peers) based on industry and place of business, and to
         calculate an appropriate price multiple, such as price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, and price-to-
         book (“P/B”) multiple for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by
         dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading
         multiple is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the
         comparable companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted
         multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to
         measure the fair value. Management believes that the estimated fair values resulting from the
         valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and
         the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are
         reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.
         The fair values of the remaining unlisted equity investments designated at FVTOCI are determined
         with reference to their respective latest available transaction prices.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   285
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b)    The fair values of unlisted equity investments which was designated at FVTPL, have been estimated
                   using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by
                   observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires management to determine comparable
                   public companies (peers) based on industry and place of business, and to calculate an
                   appropriate price multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by
                   dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading
                   multiple is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the
                   comparable companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted
                   multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to
                   measure the fair value. Management believes that the estimated fair values resulting from the
                   valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and
                   the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in profit or loss, are reasonable, and that
                   they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.

            The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products included in
            financial assets at FVTPL issued by banks in Mainland China and Hong Kong. The Group has
            estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a discounted cash flow valuation model
            based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.

            The fair values of bills receivable and interest-bearing borrowings have been calculated by discounting
            the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
            risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing borrowings
            was assessed to be insignificant.

            Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs (level 3 inputs of fair value measurement) to the
            valuation of financial instruments together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December
            2021 and 2020.




286   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2021




47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
   instruments:

   Assets measured at fair value
   31 December 2021


                                             Level 1       Level 2           Level 3            Total
                                             RMB’M         RMB’M             RMB’M             RMB’M


    Equity investments designated
      at FVTOCI                                   21         2,812             2,016              4,849
    Financial assets at FVTPL                    375         2,305               106              2,786
    Derivative financial instruments              —             80                47                127


                                                 396         5,197             2,169              7,762


   31 December 2020


                                             Level 1        Level 2          Level 3             Total
                                             RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M             RMB’M


    Equity investments designated
      at FVTOCI                                   19             —             2,640              2,659
    Financial assets at FVTPL                    114         1,967                84              2,165
    Derivative financial instruments              —            125                —                 125


                                                 133         2,092             2,724              4,949




                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   287
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Liabilities measured at fair value
            31 December 2021


                                                      Level 1   Level 2   Level 3    Total
                                                      RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


              Financial liabilities at FVTPL               —         6         —         6
              Derivative financial instruments             —        80         —        80


                                                           —        86         —        86


            31 December 2020


                                                      Level 1   Level 2   Level 3     Total
                                                      RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


              Financial liabilities at FVTPL               —        27         —        27
              Derivative financial instruments             —       239         —       239


                                                           —       266         —       266




288   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2021




47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
                                   Fair value   Fair value       Fair                                                      Significant
    Financial                      as at        as at            value         Valuation                                   unobservable
    assets                         31/12/2021   31/12/2020       hierarchy     technique            Range                  input(s)            Sensitivity of fair value


    Equity Investment designated   RMB 1,290    RMB 1,118        Level 3       Market approach      2021: 27.43–29.43      Average P/E         1% increase (decrease) in average P/E multiple of the
       at FVTOCI-Sinopec             million      million                                           2020:17.77–18.13          multiple of         Comparable Companies would result in increase
       Marketing Co. Limited                                                                                                  peers               (decrease) in fair value by 2021: RMB45,300,000
                                                                                                                                                  (RMB45,300,000) 2020:RMB11,177,000
                                                                                                                                                  (RMB11,177,000)

                                                                                                    2021: 31%–33%          Discount for        1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability would
                                                                                                    2020: 11%–13%              lack of            result in decrease (increase) in fair value by
                                                                                                                               marketability      2021: RMB18,900,000 (RMB18,900,000)
                                                                                                                                                  2020: RMB12,701,000 (RMB12,701,000)

    Equity Investment designated   N/A          RMB 1,397        Level 3       Market approach      2020: 2.93–2.99        Average P/B         1% increase (decrease) in average P/B multiple of the
       at FVTOCI-Haier Cosmo                      million                                                                     multiple of         Comparable Companies would result in increase
       IOT Ecological Technology                                                                                              peers               (decrease) in fair value by 2020: RMB13,313,000
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                  (RMB 13,313,000)

                                                                                                    2020: 36%–38%          Discount for        1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability would
                                                                                                                               lack of            result in decrease (increase) in fair value by 2020:
                                                                                                                               marketability      RMB21,188,000 (RMB 21,188,000)




    Fair value Financial assets/                    Fair value as at               Fair value as at                      Value
    Financial liabilities                           31/12/2021                     31/12/2020                            hierarchy             Valuation technique


    Equity investment designated at FVTOCI          Assets —                       N/A                                   Level 2               Recent market an equity financing
                                                       RMB2,812 million                                                                           transaction with independent parties

    Financial assets at FVTPL —                     Assets —                       Assets —                              Level 2               Discounted cash flow
       Foreign currency forward contract               RMB136 million and             RMB105 million and
                                                       Liabilities —                  Liabilities —
                                                       RMB6 million                   RMB27 million

    Financial assets at FVTPL —                     Assets —                       Assets —                              Level 2               Discounted cash flow
       Wealth management products                      RMB2,169 million               RMB1,862 million

    Derivative financial Instruments —              Assets —                       Assets —                              Level 2               Discounted cash flow
       Foreign currency forward contracts              RMB73 million and              RMB99 million and
                                                       Liabilities —                  Liabilities
                                                       RMB60million                   RMB189 million

    Derivative financial Instruments —              Assets —                       Assets —                              Level 2               Discounted cash flow
       Forwards commodity contract                     RMB7 million                   RMB26 million

    Derivative financial Instruments —              Liabilities —                  Liabilities —                         Level 2               Discounted cash flows
       Interest rate swaps                             RMB20 million                  RMB50 million

    Equity investment designated at                 Assets —                       Assets —                              Level 1               Quoted bid prices in an active market.
      FVTOCI — Listed entity                           RMB21 million                  RMB19 million

    Financial assets at FVTPL —                     Assets —                       Assets —                              Level 1               Quoted bid prices in an active market.
       Investment fund                                 RMB375 million                 RMB114 million




                                                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021                                      289
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements
                                                                      Equity
                                                                investments             Financial         Derivative
                                                                 designated             assets at           financial
                                                                    FVTOCI                 FVTPL        instruments               Total
                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000


              At 1 January 2020                                           1,374                  25                   —              1,399
              Total gains or losses:
              — in profit or loss                                             —                   4                   —                   4
              — in other comprehensive income                              (115)                  —                   —               (115)
              Additions                                                   1,403                  55                   —              1,458
              Settlements                                                    (22)                —                    —                 (22)


              At 31 December 2020 and
                1 January 2021                                            2,640                  84                   —              2,724
              Total gains or losses:
              — in profit or loss                                             —                  22                   —                 22
              — in other comprehensive income                                56                  —                    —                 56
              Transfers out of level 3 (Note)                            (1,397)                 —                    —             (1,397)
              Transfers into level 3                                         —                   —                   47                 47
              Additions                                                     717                  —                   —                 717


              At 31 December 2021                                         2,016                 106                  47              2,169

            Note: During the year ended 31 December 2021, Haier COSMO IOT Ecosystem Technology Co., Ltd. (“Haier COSMO”) entered into
                  a capital injection agreement with independent third parties to increase share capital of the equity investment designated at
                  FVTOCI at a total consideration of approximately RMB1,175 million. The fair value of this equity investment designated at
                  FVTOCI was determined based on the quoted price of new value of consideration per share and was classified as Level 2 of
                  the fair value hierarchy.




290   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2021




48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise interest-bearing borrowings, CEB, lease liabilities
   and cash and short-term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance
   for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade
   and bills receivables and trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.

   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and
   liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and
   they are summarised below.

   Foreign currency risk
   The Group has transactional currency exposures. These exposures mainly arise from sales or
   purchases and borrowings by the Group’s other than the units’ functional currencies (i.e., RMB or
   Hong Kong dollar).

   The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
   possible change in the United States dollar, Japan dollars and Euro exchange rate, with all other
   variables held constant, of the Group’s before-tax profit (due to changes in the fair value of monetary
   assets and liabilities). There is no significant impact on other components of the Group’s equity.


                                                              2021                             2020
                                                     Increase/      Increase/         Increase/      Increase/
                                                    (decrease)     (decrease)        (decrease)     (decrease)
                                                  in exchange         in profit    in exchange         in profit
                                                         rates     before tax             rates     before tax
                                                            %          RMB’M                 %          RMB’M


    If RMB strengthens against the
       United States dollar                                  5             598                5              693
    If RMB weakens against the
       United States dollar                                  (5)          (598)               (5)           (693)
    If RMB strengthens against the Japan dollar               5              3                 5               11
    If RMB weakens against the Japan dollar                  (5)            (3)               (5)             (11)
    If RMB strengthens against the Euro                       5            417                 5             293
    If RMB weakens against the Euro                          (5)          (417)               (5)           (293)




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   291
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Foreign currency risk (continued)
            The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary
            liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                   Liabilities                  Assets
                                                               31 Dec           31 Dec     31 Dec         31 Dec
                                                                 2021             2020       2021           2020
                                                              RMB’M            RMB’M      RMB’M          RMB’M


              United states dollars                             22,588         24,949       10,022         10,405
              Japanese dollars                                     869            808          808            587
              Hong Kong dollars                                  2,126          2,190          395            702
              Euro                                             12,824         11,083         4,063          4,921
              Other                                              5,918          5,144        6,624          6,541


            Credit risk
            The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and bills receivables,
            other deposits with limited use, and financial assets included in deposits and other receivables and
            other financial assets represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial
            assets. Substantially all of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits are held in
            major financial institutions, which management believes are of high credit quality. The Group has
            policies to control the size of the deposits to be placed with various reputable financial institutions
            according to their market reputation, operating scale and financial background with a view to limiting
            the amount of credit exposure to any single financial institution.

            The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and Haier Affiliates. It is the
            Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification
            procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s
            exposure to bad debts is not significant.

            The credit risk of the Group’s financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, other
            deposits with limited use, pledged deposits, and financial assets included in deposits and other
            receivables and other financial assets, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum
            exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments and they were all classified as low credit
            risk from the management’s assessment as at 31 December 2021 and 2020, which is mainly based on
            past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort.




292   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
   Credit risk (continued)
   Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and Haier Affiliates, there is
   no requirement for collateral. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty.
   There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of the
   Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors.

   The credit risk of the Group’s trade and bills receivables arises from default of the counterparty, with a
   maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts and the Group applies the simplified approach in
   calculating ECLs of its trade and bills receivables.

   Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade and bills
   receivables and other receivables are respectively disclosed in Notes 25 and 26 to Consolidated
   Financial Statements.

   Interest rate risk
   The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to pledged bank deposits, fixed- rate
   bank borrowings and lease liabilities. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in
   relation to variable-rate bank borrowings. The Group cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated
   on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances and borrowing rate arising from the Group’s RMB
   denominated borrowings. The Group aims at keeping borrowings at variable rates. The Group
   manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from any interest rate
   movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The management will review the proportion of
   borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are within reasonable range.

   Sensitivity analysis
   The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the
   end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at
   the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. The sensitivity of 1% (2020: 1%)
   increase or decrease in bank borrowings are used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key
   management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change
   in interest rates. The post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 would decrease/increase
   by RMB210 million. Bank balances are excluded from sensitivity analysis as the management considers
   that the exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising from variable-rate bank balances is
   insignificant.

   Liquidity risk
   In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
   equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
   effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank
   borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

   The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2021, the
   Group has available unutilised overdraft and short-term bank loan facilities of RMB91,563 million (2020:
   RMB82,202 million) in total. Details of which are set out in Note 32.



                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   293
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Liquidity risk (continued)
            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and
            derivative instruments. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
            financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Specifically,
            bank loans with a repayment on demand clause are included in the earliest time band regardless of the
            probability of the banks choosing to exercise their rights. The maturity dates for other non-derivative
            financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

            31 December 2021


                                                                                                 Total
                                                 No fixed terms      Within       Over   undiscounted       Carrying
                                                  of repayment     one year   one year     cash flows        amount
                                                        RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M


              Trade and bills payables                       —       67,368         —           67,368        67,368
              Other payables                             25,305          —          —           25,305        25,305
              Interest-bearing borrowings                    —       18,120      3,125          21,245        21,043
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL                 —            6         —                6             6
              Derivative financial instruments               —           80         —               80            80
              CB                                             —           —         362             362           335
              Other non-current liabilities                  —           —         112             112           112
              Lease liabilities                              —          725      2,275           3,000         2,648


                                                         25,305      86,299      5,874         117,478       116,897


            31 December 2020


                                                                                                  Total
                                                  No fixed terms     Within       Over    undiscounted      Carrying
                                                   of repayment    one year   one year      cash flows      amount
                                                         RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M


              Trade and bills payables                       —       57,545         —           57,545       57,545
              Other payables                             23,308          —          —           23,308       23,308
              Interest-bearing borrowings                    —       12,803     12,013          24,816       24,501
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL                 —           27         —               27           27
              Derivative financial instruments               —          239         —              239          239
              CEB                                            —           —       6,903           6,903        6,714
              Other non-current liabilities                  —           —          89              89           89
              Lease liabilities                              —          691      2,437           3,128        2,744
              Bonds                                          —        5,535         —            5,535        5,535


                                                         23,308      76,840     21,442         121,590      120,702




294   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2021




49. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
   The Group sponsors a funded defined benefit plan for qualifying employees of its subsidiaries in the
   United States and Japan. The defined benefit plan is administered by a separate fund that is legally
   separated from the entity. The board of the pension fund is required by law and by its articles of
   association to act in the interest of the fund and of all relevant stakeholders in the scheme, i.e. active
   employees, inactive employees, retirees, employers. The board of the pension fund is responsible for
   the investment policy with regard to the assets of the fund.

   The defined benefit plan requires contributions from employees. Contributions are in the following two
   forms; one is based on the number of years of service and the other one is based on a fixed
   percentage of salary of the employees. Employees can also make discretionary contributions to the
   plan in accordance with the relevant law and regulations in those countries.

   The plans expose the Group to actuarial risks such as investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk
   and salary risk.

   Investment risk       The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a
                         discount rate determined by reference to high quality corporate bond yields; if the
                         return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit. Currently the
                         plan has a relatively balanced consist of investment in equity securities and debt
                         instruments. Due to the long-term nature of the plan liabilities, the board of the
                         pension fund considers it appropriate that a reasonable portion of the plan assets
                         should be invested in equity securities and in real estate to leverage the return
                         generated by the fund.

   Interest rate risk    A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this
                         will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the plan’s debt
                         investments.

   Longevity risk        The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to
                         the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants both during and after their
                         employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will
                         increase the plan’s liability.

   Salary risk           The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to
                         the future salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the
                         plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   295
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      49. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
                                                                          2021                                            2020
                                                                           Non-                                            Non-
                                                        Current          current         Total          Current          current       Total
                                                        RMB’M            RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M       RMB’M


              Defined pension benefit
                (Note (a))                                      33             517           550              38              603       641
              Termination benefits                              —              453           453              —               430       430
              Provision for work-related
                injury compensation                             —              203           203               —              213       213


              Total                                             33          1,173          1,206              38             1,246    1,284

            Note:


            (a)     Defined pension benefit


                    The Group’s major defined benefit plans are in Japan and the United States. The plans are either contributory final salary
                    pension plans or contributory career average pay plans or non-contributory guaranteed return defined contribution plans.


                    Summary of the (net assets)/net liabilities of the defined pension obligations are as follows:


                                                                                                                  2021                 2020
                                                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M


                      Haier Asia Co., Ltd. pension plans                                                              (58)                (46)
                      Roper Corporation pension plans                                                                 129                151
                      Haier U.S. Appliances Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan                                      222                293
                      Haier U.S. Appliances Solutions, Inc. pension plans                                              40                  64


                      Total net liabilities of the defined pension obligations at
                        United States and Japan                                                                       333                462
                      Others                                                                                          217                179


                                                                                                                      550                641


            The summary net liabilities of the defined pension obligations at United States and Japan are as
            follows:

                                                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M


              Presents value of defined benefit obligation                                                            796                992
              Fair value of plan assets                                                                              (463)              (530)


                                                                                                                     333                462




296   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021




49. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   The major amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the movements
   in the net defined pension benefit over the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

   (1)   Haier Asia Co., Ltd pension plan

                                                                               2021                   2020


          Discount rates                                                     0.50%                  0.50%
          Compensation increases                                             2.00%                  2.00%


         Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
         December 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


          As at 1 January                                                        324                   334
          Current service cost                                                     9                       9
          Interest cost                                                            1                       1
          Actuarial loss                                                          —                        2
          Exchange realignment on foreign plans                                  (40)                     (4)
          Benefits paid                                                          (15)                   (18)


          As at 31 December                                                      279                   324


         Movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the years ended 31 December 2021 and
         2020 were as follows:

                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


          As at 1 January                                                        370                   368
          Interest income                                                          7                     7
          Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
             Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included
               in net interest expense)                                           11                       5
          Contributions from the employer                                          3                       6
          Exchange realignment on foreign plans                                  (46)                     (5)
          Benefits paid                                                           (8)                   (11)


          As at 31 December                                                      337                   370




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   297
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      49. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (1)    Haier Asia Co., Ltd pension plan (continued)
                   The net defined benefit liabilities/(asset) are as follows:

                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                         RMB’M               RMB’M


                       As at 1 January                                                        (46)               (34)
                       Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
                         profit or loss                                                         3                  3
                       Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
                         other comprehensive income                                           (11)                 (3)
                       Other reconciling items                                                 (4)               (12)


                       As at 31 December                                                      (58)               (46)


                   The Group operated the pension plan in the Japan. The most recent actuarial valuations of plan
                   assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out at 31 December
                   2021 by Tohru Shimada, a Certified Pension Actuary, of SUMITOMO Life Insurance Company.
                   The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past
                   service cost, were measured using the benefit approach method. As at 31 December 2021, the
                   actuarial value represented a funding level of 120.8% (2020: 114.2%) of the pension plan.

                   Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligation are
                   discount rate and compensation increase. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined
                   based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the
                   reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.

                   •      If the discount rate is 0.50% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease
                          by 0.12% or increase by 0.12% (2020: decrease by 0.12% or increase by 0.12%).

                   •      If the compensation increase is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would have
                          no change in 2021 and 2020.

                   Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
                   obligation has been calculated using the benefit approach method at the end of the reporting
                   period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability
                   recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.




298   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021




49. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (2)   Roper Corporation pension plan

                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                    2021                    2020


           Discount rates                                                          2.91%                  2.47%


         Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
         December 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                    2021                  2020
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                             151                   138
           Current service cost                                                          6                     6
           Interest cost                                                                 3                     4
           Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
           Actuarial gains and losses                                                  (12)                   12
           Exchange realignment on foreign plans                                       (11)                    (1)
           Benefits paid                                                                (8)                    (8)


           As at 31 December                                                           129                   151


         The net defined benefit liabilities/(asset) are as follows:

                                                                                    2021                  2020
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                             151                   138
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit
             or loss                                                                     9                    10
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other
             comprehensive income                                                      (12)                   12
           Other reconciling items                                                     (19)                    (9)


           As at 31 December                                                           129                   151




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   299
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      49. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (2)    Roper Corporation pension plan (continued)
                   The Group operated the pension plan in the United States and the employee retired after
                   attainment of age 60 with 10 years of service eligible to participate the plan and applicable of
                   benefit for Medicare. The most recent actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined
                   benefit obligation were carried out at 31 December 2021 by John F. Stahl, a Fellow of the
                   Society of Actuaries, and Mark A. Adams, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled
                   Actuary, of Willis Towers Watson. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the
                   related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using the projected unit credit
                   cost method.

                   Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
                   rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
                   of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
                   assumptions constant.

                   •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                          9.8% or increase by 11.9% (2020: decrease by 9.9% or increase by 12.1%).

                   Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
                   obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit cost method at the end of the
                   reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation
                   liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.

            (3)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan

                                                                                            2021                2020


                       Discount rates                                                     2.62%               2.09%


                   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
                   December 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                           2021               2020
                                                                                         RMB’M               RMB’M


                       As at 1 January                                                       293                 310
                       Interest cost                                                           5                   8
                       Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
                          Actuarial gains and losses                                          (30)                  3
                       Exchange realignment on foreign plans                                  (21)                 (4)
                       Benefits paid                                                          (25)               (24)


                       As at 31 December                                                     222                 293




300   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021




49. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (3)   Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan (continued)
         The net defined benefit liabilities/(asset) are as follows:

                                                                                    2021                  2020
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


             As at 1 January                                                           293                   310
             Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit
               or loss                                                                   5                      8
             Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other
               comprehensive income                                                    (30)                     3
             Other reconciling items                                                   (46)                   (28)


             As at 31 December                                                         222                   293


         The Group operated the pension plan in the United States and the employee retired after
         attainment of age 60 with 10 years of service eligible to participate the plan. The most recent
         actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out at
         31 December 2021 by Jason Wilhite, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled
         Actuary, Justin Dietz, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and a Member of the American
         Academy of Actuaries and John D. Morrison, Jr., a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an
         Enrolled Actuary, of Willis Towers Watson. The present value of the defined benefit obligation,
         and the related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using the Projected
         Unit Credit Cost Method.

         Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
         rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
         of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
         assumptions constant.

         •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                6.6% or increase by 7.8% (2020: decrease by 6.9% or increase by 8.2%).

         Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
         obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit cost method at the end of the
         reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation
         liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   301
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      49. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (4)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. pension plan

                                                                                     2021              2020


                     Discount rates                                                 2.61%             2.08%


                   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
                   December 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                    2021              2020
                                                                                  RMB’M              RMB’M


                     As at 1 January                                                  224               257
                     Interest cost                                                      4                 6
                     Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
                        Actuarial gains and losses                                      (7)               10
                     Exchange realignment on foreign plans                             (17)                (4)
                     Benefits paid                                                     (38)              (45)


                     As at 31 December                                                166               224


                   Movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the years ended 31 December 2021 and
                   2020 were as follows:

                                                                                    2021              2020
                                                                                  RMB’M              RMB’M


                     As at 1 January                                                  160               184
                     Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
                       Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in
                         net interest expense)                                           1                10
                     Contributions from the employer                                    14                14
                     Exchange realignment on foreign plans                             (11)                (3)
                     Benefits paid                                                     (38)              (45)


                     As at 31 December                                                126               160




302   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021




49. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (4)   Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. pension plan (continued)
         The net defined benefit liabilities/(asset) are as follows.

                                                                                    2021                  2020
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


             As at 1 January                                                            64                    73
             Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
               profit or loss                                                            4                      6
             Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
               other comprehensive income                                               (8)                    —
             Other reconciling items                                                   (20)                   (15)

             As at 31 December                                                          40                    64


         The Group operated the pension plan in the United States and the plan allowed employees’
         retirement prior to age 60 who eligible to participate the plan. The most recent actuarial
         valuations of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out
         at 31 December 2021 by Jason Wilhite, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled
         Actuary, and John D. Morrison, Jr., a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled Actuary,
         of Willis Towers Watson. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related
         current service cost and past service cost, were measured using projected unit credit cost
         method. As at 31 December 2021, the actuarial value represented a funding level of 75.7%
         (2020: 71.5%) of the pension plan.

         Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
         rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
         of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
         assumptions constant.

         •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                5.6% or increase by 6.6% (2020: decrease by 5.6% or increase by 6.6%).

         Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
         obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit cost method at the end of the
         reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation
         liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   303
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      50. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.

      51. COMMITMENTS
            (a)    The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                          2021               2020
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


                     Contracted, but not provided for：
                     Property, plant and equipment                                        3,159                  3,009

      52. PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS
            Pledge of assets
            The Group’s borrowings and bill payables had been secured by the pledge of the Group’s assets and
            the carrying amounts of the respective assets are as follows:

                                                                                          2021               2020
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


              Trade and bills receivables                                                14,441              14,396
              Pledge bank deposits                                                          755                 822




304   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021




53. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the year ended are
   as follows:

                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Property, plant and equipment                                                197                    205
    Right-of-use assets                                                            5                      7
    Other intangible assets                                                       52                     58
    Interests in associates                                                    3,143                  3,066
    Investments in subsidiaries                                               49,371                 49,224
    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                    1,615                    804
    Deferred tax assets                                                          159                    154
    Other non-current assets                                                     807                     31


    Total non-current assets                                                  55,349                 53,549


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Inventories                                                                    1                     74
    Trade and bills receivables                                                  547                  5,492
    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                               16,541                  4,222
    Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                  317                    439
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                  4,044                  8,287


    Total current assets                                                      21,450                 18,514


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Trade and bills payables                                                     184                    248
    Other payables and accruals                                               34,511                 29,754
    Contract liabilities                                                          13                      9
    Interest-bearing borrowings                                                   —                      20
    Bonds                                                                         —                   5,535
    Lease liabilities                                                              1                      1
    Tax payable                                                                    —                     41


    Total current liabilities                                                 34,709                 35,608


    NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                  (13,259)               (17,094)


    TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                     42,090                 36,455




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   305
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2021




      53. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
                                                                                                                 2021                    2020
                                                                                                               RMB’M                    RMB’M


              NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
              Lease liabilities                                                                                        —                    1
              Deferred income                                                                                         12                   17
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                                               449                  220


              Total non-current liabilities                                                                          461                  238


              Net assets                                                                                        41,629                  36,217


              EQUITY
              Share capital (Note 36)                                                                            9,399                   9,028
              Reserves (Note)                                                                                   32,230                  27,189


              Total equity                                                                                      41,629                  36,217

            Note: A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                             Capital                               Other
                                                          Contributed    redemption     Reserve   Retained comprehensive    Treasury        Total
                                                              surplus        reserve      funds     profits      income        share      reserve
                                                              RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M     RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M        RMB’M


              As at 1 January 2020                              6,738           298       2,050      3,308            11          —        12,405
              Privatisation of a subsidiary by issue of
                  new shares, net of transaction cost*         13,372             —          —          —             —           —        13,372
              Transfer to reserve fund                             —              —         390       (390)           —           —            —
              Total comprehensive income for
                  the year                                         —              —          —       3,900           (21)         —         3,879
              Dividend payable                                     —              —          —      (2,467)           —           —        (2,467)


              As at 31 December 2020 and
                  1 January 2021                               20,110           298       2,440      4,351           (10)         —        27,189
              Issue of shares upon conversion of CB             5,965           245          —          —             —           —         6,210
              Transfer to reserve fund                             —             —          393       (393)           —           —            —
              Total comprehensive income for
                  the year                                         —              —          —       3,933           631          —         4,564
              Purchase of treasury share                           —              —          —          —             —       (2,321)      (2,321)
              Business combination under common
                  control                                         (18)            —          —          —             —          —            (18)
              Cancellation of treasury share                     (794)            —          —          —             —         826            32
              Dividend payable                                     —              —          —      (3,421)           —          —         (3,421)
              Other changes                                        —              (5)        —          —             —          —             (5)


              As at 31 December 2021                           25,263           538       2,833      4,470           621      (1,495)      32,230



            The Company’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the fair value of the shares of the
            subsidiaries acquired, over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in exchange therefor.




306   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021




54. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   (a)   Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the directors of the Company proposed to declare
         a cash dividend of RMB4.60 per 10 shares for the year ended 31 December 2021, amounting to
         a total of approximately RMB4,320 million, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the
         annual general meeting.

   (b)   On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the placing agent for
         the issue of 41,413,600 H Shares. On 21 January, 2022, the Company completed the placing
         agreement and received net proceeds of approximately HK$1,149.98 million from the
         shareholders.

   (c)   The Company has subsidiaries in Russia engaged in the production and sales of home appliances.
         As of the date of this report, the Russia-Ukraine conflict has not yet had a material impact on the
         Company’s production and sales in Russia. The financial impact of the incident on the Company
         is uncertain, but the Company will continue to assess the impact of the incident in the future as
         it unfolds.

   The company has no other significant event after the reporting period that needs to be disclosed.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021   307
      Five Year Financial Summary



      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group as extracted
      from the published audited financial statements is set out below.

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                            2021           2020          2019          2018               2017
                                                          RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                      (Restated)                  (Restated)         (Restated)


        RESULTS

        REVENUE                                            227,531      209,701           198,006        177,594       154,165
        Cost of sales                                     (158,059)    (148,867)         (139,393)      (125,415)     (104,001)


        Gross profit                                        69,472       60,834            58,613         52,179        50,164
        Other gains or losses                                2,056         3,994             3,324          2,389         2,228
        Selling and distribution expenses                  (36,554)     (33,641)          (33,843)       (29,076)      (29,979)
        Administrative expenses                            (20,230)     (17,924)          (17,165)       (14,029)      (11,994)
        Finance costs                                         (714)       (1,321)           (1,732)        (1,464)       (1,396)
        Share of profits and losses of associates            1,886         1,620             1,409          1,325         1,189


        PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                  15,916        13,562           10,606          11,326        10,212
        Income tax expenses                                (2,699)        (2,333)          (1,584)         (1,793)       (1,421)


        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                13,217        11,329             9,022          9,533         8,791

        DISCONTINUED OPERATION
        Profit for the year from discontinued operation         —             —             3,313            367           353


        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                13,217        11,329           12,335           9,900         9,144


        Attributable to:
           Owners of the Company                           13,067         8,883             8,206          7,484         6,944
           Non-controlling interests                          150         2,446             4,129          2,416         2,200


                                                           13,217        11,329           12,335           9,900         9,144



                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                             2021          2020             2019            2018          2017
                                                          RMB’M         RMB’M             RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M
                                                                      (Restated)                       (Restated)    (Restated)


        ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND
          NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS


        TOTAL ASSETS                                      217,460      203,498           187,454        168,092       158,301
        TOTAL LIABILITIES                                 (136,376)    (135,365)         (122,464)      (112,284)     (109,906)
        NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                           (1,272)      (1,295)          (17,103)       (16,066)      (14,795)


                                                           79,812        66,838           47,887          39,742        33,600




308   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2021
                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                 2021
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT




                                                                Annual Report 2021
This annual report is printed on environmental friendly paper
