                    CONTENTS
                             Corporate Profile 2
                       Corporate Information 3
                       Letter to Shareholders 5
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management 12
                             Business Review 20
                             Financial Review 52
               Corporate Governance Report 66
                     Report of The Directors 96
                Independent Auditors’ Report 134
 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                Other Comprehensive Income 141
  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 143
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 145
       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 147
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 150
                Five-Year Financial Summary 296




                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   1
    CORPORATE PROFILE




    We are a leader in the global major home appliance industry. According to the data from
    Euromonitor, we ranked first in the major home appliance industry in the world in terms of
    retail volume of major home appliances for 14 consecutive years. We have a global portfolio
    of home appliance brands consisting of Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher
    & Paykel and AQUA. Our Haier brand refrigeration appliances and laundry appliances also
    ranked first among major home appliance brands in the world in terms of retail volume for
    16 and 15 consecutive years respectively. Currently, our business covered more than 160
    countries and regions around the world including China, North America, Europe, South Asia
    and Southeast Asia, Australia and New Zealand, Japan, Middle East and Africa.

    We are also a global pioneer in providing smart home solutions. Leveraging on our full-range
    home appliances products, according to Euromonitor, we are one of the first home appliance
    enterprises in the industry to launch smart home solutions, supported by the introduction of
    our cloud based platform that offers integrated smart home solutions covering various
    lifestyle scenarios. Centering on our interconnected home appliance products, and supported
    by Haier Smart Home App and Haier Smart Home Experiential Cloud Platform as well as our
    experience stores and franchised stores, we provide smart home solutions suited for various
    lifestyle scenarios for users to satisfy their pursuit for a better life.




2   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                        PRINCIPAL BOARD COMMITTEES
Executive Directors                       Audit Committee
Mr. LI Huagang                            Mr. WONG Hak Kun (Committee Chairman)
 (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   Ms. SHAO Xinzhi
Mr. GONG Wei                              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
                                          Mr. YU Hon To, David
Non-executive Directors                   Mr. WU Qi

Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)
                                          Remuneration and Assessment Committee
Mr. YU Hon To, David
Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                        Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (Committee Chairman)
                                          Mr. LI Huagang
Independent Non-executive Directors       Mr. LI Shipeng

Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
                                          Nomination Committee
Mr. WONG Hak Kun
Mr. LI Shipeng                            Mr. WU Qi (Committee Chairman)
Mr. WU Qi                                 Mr. LI Huagang
                                          Mr. LI Shipeng
SUPERVISORS
                                          Strategy Committee
Mr. LIU Dalin
Mr. YU Miao                               Mr. LI Huagang (Committee Chairman)
Ms. MA Yingjie                            Mr. GONG Wei
                                          Mr. LI Shipeng
BOARD SECRETARY                           Mr. WU Qi

Ms. LIU Xiaomei
                                          Environmental, Social and Governance
                                          Committee
                                          Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (Committee Chairwoman)
                                          Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
                                          Mr. GONG Wei




                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   3
    Corporate Information




    COMPANY SECRETARY                                             TELEPHONE NUMBER
    Mr. NG Chi Yin                                                +86 (532) 8893 1670
                                                                  +852 2169 0000
    LEGAL ADVISORS
                                                                  FAX NUMBER
    As to PRC Law
                                                                  +86 (532) 8893 1689
    Zhong Lun Law Firm
                                                                  +852 2169 0880

    As to Hong Kong Law
                                                                  H-SHARES REGISTRAR
    Clifford Chance
                                                                  Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                                  17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    PRINCIPAL BANKER
                                                                  16 Harcourt Road
    China Construction Bank Corporation                           Hong Kong

    AUDITORS                                                      STOCK CODE
    Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP                        The Shanghai Stock Exchange: 600690
    HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited                               The Frankfurt Stock Exchange: 690D
                                                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited: 06690
    FINANCIAL CALENDAR
    Six-month interim period end              :     30 June       WEBSITE
    Financial year end                        :     31 December   http://smart-home.haier.com

    REGISTERED OFFICE AND
    HEADQUARTERS
    Haier Industrial Park
    Laoshan District, Qingdao
    Shandong Province, the PRC

    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    HONG KONG
    Unit 1908, 19/F, Harbour Center
    25 Harbour Road, Wanchai
    Hong Kong




4   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                   LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS



The pandemic might seem to be a thing of the past; however slowdown in the property sector took its toll
on demand for appliances in China throughout last year. High interest rate and inflation weighed on
sentiment as well as residential construction and remodelling activity in the US and Europe, resulting in more
consumers postponing purchases of appliances. Haier Smart Home made resolute effort to implement
premium brand strategy and accelerated digital transformation to deliver another year of unprecedented
performance amid these challenges.

In 2023, Haier Smart Home achieved a global revenue of RMB261.422 billion, marking a year-on-year
growth of 7.3%. Our net profit attributable to shareholders grew 12.8% to RMB16.597 billion.

Through the year, our entire management honoured their faith in the founding principle of “RenDanHeYi” (人
單 合 一), as they went above and beyond to achieve quality growth with innovative product despite macro
challenges. On the other hand, our organization has become leaner, more agile, and more efficient with
growth in sales revenue and profitability. The management also became more aware of what paves ways
towards profitable growth and greater return on investments is user-centric and profit-driven digitalization.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   5
    Letter to Shareholders




    Haier Smart Home provides over 100 million units of home appliances in more than two hundred countries
    and regions in 2023, including major appliances, HVAC products, water heaters, and small appliances.
    Rather than chasing short-term gains, we prioritise sustainable growth through a relentless focus on
    stakeholder experiences — be it our distributors, suppliers, consumers, or employees. In the domestic
    market, we nurture strong bonds with distribution partners, I also spend a great deal of time listening to our
    distributors who share our inspiration in building a more competitive ecosystem. We started to evaluate sales
    network using sell-through figures, to minimize inefficient short-term stock piling. In 2023, the Company
    generated a net cash flow of RMB25.262 billion from operating activities, a growth of 24.7% year-on-year,
    leveraging digital management system that improves turnovers and enhances transparency in rebate policies
    to enhance store performance.

    This year, we have developed a logistics and inventory management system with suppliers, to make delivery
    schedules more predictable and our distributors’ resource allocation more efficient. Leveraging on digital
    delivery and service dispatch systems, we minimised waiting time of logistics service providers, thus
    improving service and installation efficiency, all of which aim at elevating logistics and service experiences
    while reducing our selling and administrative expense ratios.




6   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                   Letter to Shareholders




We are currently undertaking numerous initiatives on R&D, manufacturing and marketing integration and
digitalised procurement management. We intend to replicate what we have learned from transforming
domestic business to overseas operations soon. I believe our sustainable development will remain intact
against macro downturn as long as we focus on improving experience and enhancing profitability, which
should better position us in the competition when the market turns around.

Haier Smart Home continued to be named as the Most Admired Company by Fortune Magazine in 2023,
and GE Appliances, our subsidiary in the US was once again recognised as the Great Place to Work. We
strive to build a place that inspires young Gen Z to take pride in generating amazing value for our users
without bureaucracy. At Haier Smart Home, employees are listened to, as we believe their satisfaction
generates significant operational benefits.

Looking ahead to 2024, I have full confidence in Haier Smart Home’s positioning and growth potential.

Let’s take a closer look at our businesses.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   7
    Letter to Shareholders




    Strengthening leadership
    We have over 40% domestic market share in refrigerators and washing machines. Future growth depends on
    product innovation. Our built-in refrigerators provide users with a whole new experience by seamlessly
    blending in with home décor, catalysing a surge in demand for product upgrades. Additionally, our washer-
    dryer combo disruptively solves users’ pain points and leads the industry in the US. We have made some
    progress in Europe and Southeast Asia, although we are yet to become one of the top three. Significant
    potential could be unlocked by leveraging on our global R&D platform with local supply chain.

    Haier’s dishwasher business is poised to accelerate with growing market penetration, which is only 4% in
    China. The complementary nature of dryers and washers has laid down solid foundation for the strong
    momentum to continue leveraging on our strengths in washing machines.

    In the white goods category, Haier Smart Home has established a leading position with technological
    platform and innovative system. Starting from 2024, Haier will focus on breaking down organisational barriers
    and integrating our global planning platforms to introduce more competitive products and implement more
    efficient market strategy.




8   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                      Letter to Shareholders




Gearing up
Another important pillar is HVAC and water heaters. Our residential and commercial air conditioning
businesses currently rank among second-tier players in domestic market while water heaters have become
domestic market leader with little overseas exposure. I believe substantial growth potential could be
unlocked in these sectors.

In the home air conditioner business, in the past two years, we have been making efforts to address
absence and shortage of components. By establishing a compressor joint venture and developing proprietary
computer boards, we improved integration efficiency of R&D and manufacturing to increase profitability. We
also accelerated MRV units and residential air conditioner business with expansions in distribution network.

In commercial air conditioners, we continue to draw inspirations from original technologies that are future-
proof and pioneer the industry in high-efficiency magnetic levitation air conditioners. Moreover, we were the
industry’s first to adopt air suspension technology, which gives our systems a lifespan of 30 years with little
maintenance required.

We run a highly profitable water appliance business with the largest share in both gas and electric water
heater, and a steadily growing purifiers unit in China. Our next step is to expand into the global arena,
particularly in emerging markets with investments committed in HVAC and water heater to grow market
share and profitability.



                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   9
     Letter to Shareholders




     Investing in Future

     Our Company’s strategic vision is to become the number one choice for smart home solutions. In the IoT
     era, Haier Smart Home is positioned to capitalise on the integration of smart home appliances and
     furnishing on one hand, and small appliances equipped with smart capabilities on the other hand. Our
     strategic approach entails providing integrated design solutions leveraging on San Yi Niao’s platform, while
     promoting smart small appliances supported by brand, ecosystem, and technologies.

     In 2023, we made the strategic decision to acquire the commercial refrigeration business of Carrier Global
     Corporation, who is also our joint venture partner in China. The food refrigeration and commercial cold chain
     sectors present opportunities that could be unlocked by technological advancement and digital
     transformation. Carrier’s commercial refrigeration business has a strong customer base, established
     operational systems, leading engineering expertise, and experienced management team. Following the
     completion of the transaction, we will make further investment to grow cold chain business leveraging on
     supply chain advantages in China and Haier’s ‘RenDanHeYi (人 單 合 一)’ management approach.




10   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                    Letter to Shareholders




Since Haier Smart Home’s IPO, our dividend payout ratio has increased gradually as planned. In the
financial year 2023, the cash dividend pay out ratio will reach 45.02%, and a total of RMB1.6 billion was
used to buy back A and H shares. Starting from financial year 2024, we will raise dividend payout
continuously, and in for financial years 2025 and 2026, the cash dividend payout ratio will not be less than
50%.

What we achieved in 2023 was merely a beginning. Our board of directors is committed to enhancing
consumer experience and improving profitability by consolidating existing advantages and unlocking new
potentials while laying down foundations for long term development. The management and employees are
confident that we could take the business to new heights.




Li Huagang
Chairman

27 March 2024




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   11
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     The directors, supervisors and senior management of the Group during the year, and the directors as at the
     reporting date are as follows:

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. LI Huagang (“Mr. LI”), aged 54, has been an Executive Director of the Company since June 2019 and
     the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since April 2019. He has been appointed as the Chairman of the
     Board since 28 June 2022. Mr. Li graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in
     Wuhan, the PRC in July 1991 with a Bachelor’s degree of Economics, and from China Europe International
     Business School in Shanghai, the PRC in January 2014 with a degree of Executive Master of Business
     Administration (EMBA).

     Mr. LI joined Haier in 1991 and served as the sales head of the Marketing and Promotion Division of Haier
     (海 爾 商 流 本 部 銷 售 事 業 部 長) and the general manager of China operations of the Company. From August
     2017 to March 2019, he served as the chief executive officer of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd.
     (hereinafter referred to as “Haier Electronics”, a listed company of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”), stock code: 1169 which was privatized and delisted on 23
     December 2020). Since March 2019, he has been appointed as an executive director of Haier Electronics.
     Mr. LI has extensive experience in the fields of corporate management, marketing, brand operation, and
     global business operation. Mr. LI currently serves as a director of various subsidiaries of the Group.

     Mr. LI vigorously promoted the change of the Company’s marketing channels and Casarte’s high-end brand
     strategy, which led to the increase in revenue of Haier Smart Home’s online and offline business; Mr. LI also
     actively led and implemented Haier Smart Home’s digital transformation strategy, promoting the Company’s
     cost optimization and operational efficiency improvement. In order to meet users’ needs for a better life
     upgrade from home appliances to smart home solutions, Mr. LI led and released the San Yi Niao scenario
     branding strategy to strengthen the construction of the Company’s IoT scenario and enhance the
     Company’s smart home scenario solution capability. In terms of global business operations, Mr. LI is actively
     involved in the management and operation of the Company’s overseas business, with significant operational
     results.

     Mr. LI has been honored with the 2015 China Home Appliance Marketing Leader (2015年中國家電營銷領袖
     人 物), the 2018 Outstanding Contribution Award for the Forty Years of China’s Household Appliance
     Industry Development (2018年 中 國 家 用 電 器 行 業 發 展 四 十 年 傑 出 貢 獻 獎), the 2019 China Top Ten Brand
     Person of the Year (2019中 國 十 大 品 牌 年 度 人 物), and 2021 Taishan Industry Leading Talent.

     Mr. GONG Wei (“Mr. GONG”), aged 49, Vice-president, has been appointed as an Executive Director of the
     Company since 28 June 2022. He has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since January 2010
     and a Vice General Manager of the Company since April 2013. Mr. GONG joined the Group in July 1994,
     and has held various positions, including successively serving as the head of finance of Haier Refrigerator
     Co., Ltd. from July 1994 to August 1999; the financial manager of Haier Northern China Business
     Development Division (海 爾 商 流 華 北 事 業 部) from August 1999 to March 2001; the chief financial officer of
     Haier White Goods Group (海 爾 白 電 集 團) from April 2001 to June 2008. Mr. Gong currently serves as the
     director of various subsidiaries of the Group.




12   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. GONG obtained a degree of Executive Master of Business Administration from the University of
International Business and Economics in Beijing, the PRC in December 2011. Mr. GONG was granted
honorary titles such as “Labour Model of Qingdao City (2012–2014)” in 2015 and “National Outstanding
Accounting Workers (全 國 優 秀 會 計 工 作 者)” in December 2005, and received several awards, including Top
Ten CFOs in China by “New Money” Magazine (《新理財雜誌》) in April 2012, and 2020 International Finance
Leaders of the Year in China. Mr. GONG was admitted as a fellow of The Chartered Institute of
Management Accountants in March 2020.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (“Ms. SHAO”), aged 53, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company
and Vice Chairman of the Board since 28 June 2022. Ms. SHAO graduated from the University of
International Business and Economics with a degree of Executive Master of Business Administration. She is
currently the vice president and chief financial officer of Haier Group. Ms. SHAO adheres to the goal of
innovation and value-enhancement, empowering the high-quality development of the industry, and
comprehensively builds the group’s financial ecosystem through financial strategy formulation, financial
system construction and operation, asset management, capital operation and other financial full value chain
management. In 2000, Ms. SHAO served as the chief accountant of Haier Air Conditioning Division and the
general manager of the strategy center of Haier Group’s financial management department. In 2007, Ms.
SHAO established the first financial sharing center in the home appliance industry, pioneering the “cloud +
end” financial management innovation model with Chinese characteristics to provide enterprises with
comprehensive financial best solutions, becoming one of the industry benchmarks and winning the first prize
of the National Enterprise Management Modernization Innovation Achievement. In 2019, Ms. SHAO was
appointed as the vice president of Haier Group and the operator of the Big Sharing Empowerment Platform.
In 2020, Ms. SHAO was appointed as vice president and chief financial officer of Haier Group. Ms. SHAO
has been honored as “National Advanced Accounting Worker (全 國 先 進 會 計 工 作 者)”, “Qingdao Top Talent
(青 島 市 拔 尖 人 才)”, “ACCA Outstanding Achievement Award (ACCA卓 越 成 就 獎)” and “IMA Outstanding
Contribution Leader in Management Accounting (IMA管 理 會 計 卓 越 貢 獻 領 袖)” over the years.

Mr. YU Hon To, David (“Mr. YU”), aged 76, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the
Company since 5 March 2021. Mr. YU holds a Bachelor of Social Science degree from The Chinese
University of Hong Kong. Mr. YU is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales
and an Associate Member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is a chartered
accountant with over 40 years’ experience in the fields of auditing, corporate finance (including advisory on
IPO, mergers & acquisitions and financial restructuring), financial investigation and corporate governance. Mr.
YU was formerly a partner of a renowned international accountants firm in Hong Kong with extensive
experience in the corporate finance advisory assignments in Greater China for Hong Kong corporations,
private equity groups and multinationals.

Mr. YU is currently an independent non-executive director of several other companies listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, namely One Media Group Limited (stock code: 426), Playmates Toys Limited (stock
code: 869), China Resources Gas Group Limited (stock code: 1193), Keck Seng Investments (Hong Kong)
Limited (stock code: 184) and MS Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1451). During the past three years,
he was also an independent non-executive director of New Century Asset Management Limited (the
manager of New Century Real Estate Investment Trust) (stock code: 1275), China Renewable Energy
Investment Limited (stock code: 987), Playmates Holdings Limited (stock code: 635), and Media Chinese
International Limited (stock code: 685).




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   13
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (name that also commonly used is “Mrs. Eva CHENG LI Kam Fun”) (“Ms. Eva LI Kam
     Fun”), aged 71, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company since 5 March 2021. Ms.
     Eva LI Kam Fun graduated from the University of Hong Kong with Bachelor of Arts (Hons) and Master of
     Business Administration degrees. She was conferred with the degree of Doctor of Business Administration,
     honoris causa, from the Hong Kong Metropolitan University in 2014.

     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun also served as an independent non-executive director of Haier Electronics, a subsidiary
     of the Company, since 2013 and till its privatization on December 2020. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun had a
     distinguished career that spanned 34 years with Amway Corporation. When she retired in 2011, she held the
     concurrent positions of Executive Vice President of Amway Corporation and Executive Chairman of Amway
     China Co. Ltd. responsible for Amway Greater China & Southeast Asia Region. Thereafter, she also had
     been the president of Our Hong Kong Foundation from 2015 to 2022.

     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun had also been an independent non-executive director of Nestle S.A., a publicly listed
     company on the SIX Swiss Exchange from 2012 to 2023, an independent non-executive director of Amcor
     Limited (a company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange) from 2014 to 2019, and an independent
     non-executive director of Trinity Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange) (Stock Code: 891) from 2011 to 2020.

     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun’s leadership was well recognised in the business community. She was twice named the
     “World’s 100 Most Powerful Women” by Forbes Magazine in 2008 and 2009. CNBC awarded Ms. Eva LI
     Kam Fun with the “China Talent Management Award” in its 2007 China Business Leaders Awards.

     In the areas of public and social service, Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun is currently a member of Electoral Affairs
     Commission of Hong Kong SAR, a member of Chief Executive’s Policy Unit Expert Group (Social
     Development) of Hong Kong SAR, honorary president, honorary representative and consultant of the All-
     China Women’s Federation, permanent honorary director of The Chinese General Chamber of Commerce,
     court member of the Hong Kong Metropolitan University, and a member of the Xiqu Centre advisory panel of
     West Kowloon Cultural District Authority.

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (“Mr. CHIEN”), aged 70, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
     Company since June 2019. He currently serves as a director of ENN Group Co., Ltd. Mr. CHIEN has over
     15 years of experience in business administration and corporate management. Mr. CHIEN worked for over
     10 years at International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”) group of companies until 2015, achieving
     various senior management roles before his retirement by the end of 2015. In addition to his experience in
     business corporations, Mr. CHIEN has served as a professor of Management Practice and a member of the
     Teaching Steering Committee of the third session of the Executive Education Project at the School of
     Business of Renmin University of China since January 2019.

     Mr. CHIEN received a Bachelor of Science from the Department of Mathematics of Tamkang College of Arts
     and Science (currently known as Tamkang University of Taiwan) in June 1975.

     Mr. WONG Hak Kun (“Mr. WONG”), aged 67, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
     Company since June 2020. He currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Yue Yuen
     Industrial Holdings (Limited) (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00551))
     since June 2018, an independent non-executive director of Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited (a
     company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00255)) since June 2018, an independent




14   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                           Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




non-executive director of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange (stock code: 02238) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601238)) since May
2020, and an independent non-executive director of Hangzhou SF Intra-City Industrial Co., Ltd (a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock code: 9699)) since December 2021. During the past three
years, he was also an independent non-executive director of Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company
Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01743)). Mr. WONG has over 36
years of experience in auditing, assurance and management. Mr. WONG worked in Deloitte China from July
1980 to May 2017, during which he was a partner since 1992. Mr. WONG also served as a member of
Deloitte China’s Governance Board from June 2000 to May 2008. Prior to his retirement from Deloitte China
in May 2017, he was Deloitte China’s National Managing Partner of Audit & Assurance.

Mr. WONG received a Bachelor’s degree of social science from the University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong
in November 1980. He is an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA)
since December 1983, an associate of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) since
September 1983, an associate of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in United
Kingdom since April 1984, and an associate of the Chartered Institute Management Accountants (CIMA)
since June 1990.

Mr. LI Shipeng (“Mr. LI”), aged 57, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since
5 March 2021. Mr. LI holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree from University of Science and Technology of
China, and a PhD degree from Lehigh University, USA. Mr. LI has extensive experience in areas such as
Internet of Things technology, and artificial intelligence. Mr. LI is currently a chair scientist at the International
Digital Economy Academy and an executive director of the Low Altitude Economic Branch. He is also the
Director of the Applied Intelligence of Suzhou Industrial Technology Research Institute. Prior to that, he
served as the Chief Researcher and Deputy Dean of Microsoft Research Asia, Chief Technology Officer of
Cogobuy Group, Vice President of iFlytek Group, and the Executive President of Shenzhen Institute of
Artificial Intelligence and Robotics.

Mr. LI is a member of the International Eurasian Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the International
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE fellow). He was listed as one of the world’s top 1,000
computer scientists by Guide2Research and ranked top 20 in Mainland China in 2020. Mr. LI is a renowned
expert in areas such as internet, computer vision, cloud computing, Internet of Things and artificial
intelligence.

Mr. WU Qi (“Mr. WU Qi”), aged 56, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since
25 June 2021. Mr. WU Qi graduated from Zhejiang University with a Bachelor’s degree majoring in national
economic management in 1990, thereafter he graduated from Renmin University of China with an on-the-job
Master’s degree majoring in Money and Banking in 1995 and China Europe International Business School
with an EMBA in 2002, respectively. He has 25 years of work and management experience in world-class
management and consulting companies. He served as the vice president (Global) and vice chairman (Greater
China) of Accenture, and the chairman of Shun Zhe Technology Development Co., Ltd. He was a member
and the president (Greater China) of Roland Berger’s Global Management Committee, a member of Roland
Berger’s Global Supervisory Board. He was a senior consultant for Foxconn’s D sub-business group
strategy and intelligent manufacturing and a consultant of XNode, a famous accelerator for startups, and
non-executive director of Grinm Advanced Materials Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange, stock code: 600206.SH) (resigned in April 2018). He was awarded 2015 Outstanding Talent in
Jing’an District, Shanghai. Mr. WU Qi’s past experience in consulting industry involves transportation/
logistics, high-tech manufacturing, tourism, finance, consumer goods, real estate, government departments
and other industries. His has extensive experience in fields such as development strategy, organizational



                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   15
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     change, sales and brand strategy, corporate innovation, digital transformation and intelligent manufacturing,
     post-merger integration, regional industrial and economic development and upgrading. He is a well-known
     expert in Industry 4.0, transportation and regional planning and development in the PRC. He served as a
     consultant for Hangzhou Bay Development Planning, a member of the Intelligent Manufacturing Expert
     Committee of the Shenzhen Municipal Government, deputy head of the 13th Five-Year Planning Expert
     Committee of Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, vice chairman of China Cold Chain Alliance and other social
     positions.

     SUPERVISORS
     Mr. LIU Dalin (“Mr. LIU”), aged 43, has been the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company
     since 25 June 2021. He graduated from the School of Mechanical Engineering of Jinan University and holds
     master’s degree in business administration from Renmin University of China. He is a senior engineer. Since
     August 2005, he served as a designer of water heater department at Haier Group, an assistant R&D
     engineer, a R&D engineer and a R&D manager of the electric heating department of Haier Group
     successively, among other things. From July 2020 to March 2021, he served as the president of the Board
     of Supervisors of Gooday Supply Chain Technologies Co., Ltd., among other things.

     Ms. MA Yingjie (“Ms. MA”), aged 54, has been a Supervisor of the Company since 25 June 2021. She is
     an assistant officer specialising on society matters. She once served as the secretary of the trade union of
     the Company, the contact person of the customer service department of Qingdao Haier Dishwasher Co.,
     Ltd. Currently, she is the head of Society and Community department of the Company.

     Mr. YU Miao (“Mr. YU”), aged 40, has been an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since
     January 2019. He joined our Company in April 2012 and has since then served as the legal manager of our
     Company, mainly in charge of management of legal affairs.

     Mr. YU obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Law from Jinan University in Jinan, the PRC in July 2005, and a
     Master’s degree of Law in economics law from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in Dalian, the
     PRC in December 2008. Mr. YU passed the PRC bar exam and obtained the PRC lawyer qualification (non-
     practising) certificate in February 2008.




16   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. GONG Wei. See “EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS”.

Mr. XIE Juzhi (“Mr. XIE”), aged 57, Vice-president, graduated from Shandong University of Finance and
Economics in July 1989 with a bachelor’s degree, and joined Haier Group Corporation in the same year. Mr.
XIE has experience in whole-process product management, product-wide services and product-wide
marketing. Mr. XIE had held senior positions in Electrothermal Division and of the East China Marketing and
Promotion Division of the Haier Group Corporation, and served as the Corporate General Manager of the
Customer Services of the Haier Group Corporation since August 2002. Since July 2012, he has been the
Vice President of Haier Group Corporation, and he has been in charge of Haier Group Corporation’s
integration of community sales services in first and second-tier cities, and developing the online and offline
sales of new household products. From December 2015, he has been managing the newly developed
business segments of Haier Group Corporation, including water purification, logistics, Haier home and
Gooday services and has started to concurrently manage the water heater business since 2019. Mr. XIE was
appointed as the chief executive officer and an executive director of Haier Electronics since March 2019.
Since April 2021, he is responsible for supervising the smart living appliances segment. He is currently
responsible for supervising the intelligent industrial platform. Mr. XIE was awarded honorary titles including
the Gold Award of Outstanding Contribution Award of China’s Home Appliance Services Industry (中 國 家 電
服 務 行 業 突 出 貢 獻 獎 金 獎) and Outstanding Entrepreneur of Shandong Province (山 東 省 優 秀 企 業 家).

Mr. LI Pan (“Mr. LI”), aged 47, Vice-president, graduated from Wuhan University in 1997 and obtained the
double degree in economics and international business administration. He joined Haier Group in 1997 and
currently serves as the general manager of the overseas platform of the Company. Mr. LI has held various
positions in Haier Group, including serving as the assistant director of the Asia-Pacific Division, the manager
of the Haier ASEAN Center, the manager of the Overseas Brands Marketing Center, the manager of the
Overseas Strategic Center and the director on the operation of overseas markets. He has held important
positions of the overseas platform of Haier Group since 2004 with extensive frontline management
experience in product planning, brand marketing, market exploration and corporate operation.

Mr. ZHAO Yanfeng (“Mr. ZHAO”), aged 46, Vice-president, graduated from Tianjin Institute of Light Industry
with a bachelor’s degree in mechanical and electrical engineering in 2001 and received a degree of EMBA
from Renmin University of China in 2019. Mr. ZHAO joined Haier Smart Home in 2001 and is currently the
general manager of Haier’s washing business. Since joining Haier Smart Home, Mr. ZHAO has held various
positions such as its regional branch general manager, general manager of domestic market of refrigeration
industry, and general manager of the refrigeration business in China. He possess whole-process
management experience in product planning, research and development, manufacturing and marketing.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   17
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. LI Yang (“Mr. LI”), aged 47, Vice-president, graduated from Qingdao University of Science & Technology
     in 1998 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in fine chemical engineering. He obtained a degree of Executive
     Master of Business Administration (EMBA) from Xi’an Jiaotong University in 2022. Mr. LI is a senior engineer.
     He joined Haier Group in 1998 and currently serves as the general manager of the integrated supply chain
     of the Company. Mr. Li Yang has held positions of the Company such as the head of the quality
     department, the manufacturing director, and the general manager of the internet of clothing platform. He has
     served as the general manager of the integrated supply chain of the Company since 2023, and has been
     engaged in management concerning end-to-end process and digital transformation of the integrated supply
     chain of the Company. The ecological platform of the internet of clothing incubated under his leadership was
     awarded the first prize for “Innovation Results in Modern Management of National Light Industry Enterprises”
     (全 國 輕 工 業 企 業 管 理 現 代 化 創 新 成 果) in 2019. The Company was selected as one of the “2023 Intelligent
     Supply Chain Cases” (2023數 智 化 供 應 鏈 案 例) by the Alliance of Industrial Internet, and he received the
     “Most Promising Entrepreneur in Qingdao in 2018” and the “Advanced Individual in Management Innovation
     of National Light Industry Enterprises” and other honors.

     Mr. SONG Yujun (“Mr. SONG”), aged 48, Vice-president, graduated from Shandong University of
     Technology with a bachelor’s degree in equipment engineering and management in 1998 and received a
     degree of EMBA from Tsinghua University in 2015. He joined Haier in 1998 and has served as general
     manager of Haier’s overseas promotion department, director and general manager of Haier Pakistan,
     executive director of Haier India, director of Haier’s South Asia and Southeast Asia oversea region, vice
     president of Haier Home Appliance Industry Group, etc. He has held various important positions in Haier
     Overseas since 1998 and has rich experience in product, manufacturing, R&D, marketing and sales. He has
     been awarded various honors such as Qingdao Model Worker (青 島 市 勞 動 模 範), Qingdao Top Professional
     and Technical Talent (青 島 市 專 業 技 術 拔 尖 人 才), Qingdao High-level Service Talent (青 島 高 層 次 服 務 人 才)
     and other honorary titles. He is currently the general manager of Haier air-conditioning business.

     Mr. GUAN Jiangyong (“Mr. GUAN”), aged 45, Vice-president, graduated from the Northeast Electric Power
     University in 2001 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in management information system. Mr. GUAN joined
     Haier Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the water heater business and the
     internet of water platform of Haier. Mr. GUAN has been engaged in product management in industry and
     trade markets, production and manufacturing, product marketing and industrial pipeline management and
     served as a regional general manager, the market director on the water heater business and the general
     manager of the internet of water platform and the water heater business. He possesses whole-process
     management experience in product manufacturing, marketing, corporate planning management and industrial
     platforms.

     Mr. WU Yong (“Mr. WU”), aged 45, Vice-president, graduated from Tianjin College of Commerce in 2001
     and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in heat supply, ventilation and air-conditioning engineering. He obtained
     the double degree of EMBA from the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University and the
     INSEAD in 2015. Mr. WU joined Haier Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the
     kitchen appliances of the Company. Mr. WU has served as the general manager of the PRC Region on
     manufacturing and production of refrigerators, overseas marketing and the air-conditioning business since
     joining the Group and possesses whole-process management experience in manufacturing, marketing and
     industrial platforms.




18   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                       Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. HUANG Xiao Wu (“Mr. HUANG”), aged 46, Vice-president, graduated from the College of Photoelectric
Engineering, Chongqing University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in 1998, and graduated from the
Faculty of Business and Economics of The University of Hong Kong with a master’s degree in business
administration in 2004. Mr. HUANG has extensive work experience in commercial banking, strategic
investment, industrial funds, corporate finance and capital market operation, where he participated in and led
major strategic investment and financing projects involving numerous fields such as marketing channels,
logistics, home appliances and technology industries. Mr. Huang has been appointed as Vice-president of
the Company since 2021, and is responsible for the Company’s affairs on such as investor relations, capital
market, equity financing, strategic investment. He also serves as the director of the ESG Executive Office of
Haier Smart Home. Prior to above, Mr. HUANG served as the deputy general manager of Haier Electronics.
Prior to joining Haier Group, he worked in the Ningbo branch and Shanghai branch of Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China, Investment Banking Division of Guosen Securities, Anglo Chinese Investment
Banking Group (英 高 投 資 銀 行 集 團) and other institutions.

Ms. LIU Xiaomei (“Ms. LIU”), aged 38, appointed as the Board Secretary of the Company since June 2022.
She graduated from the Law School of Minzu University of China with a double bachelor’s degree in law
and literature in 2009, and graduated from the Department of International Law of the China Foreign Affairs
University with a master’s degree in international law in 2011, and is qualified to practice law in China. Ms.
LIU joined the Haier in June 2015 and has been in charge of legal and compliance matters of corporate
governance, capital market, M&A and corporate finance at Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. and the
Company. Prior to joining Haier, Ms. LIU worked for Jingtian & Gongcheng (law firm) in Beijing. Ms. LIU has
had extensive work experience in corporate governance, capital market, industrial fund, and investment and
financing.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   19
     BUSINESS REVIEW




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS
     The Company’s revenue for the 2023 financial year amounted to RMB261.422 billion, representing an
     increase of 7.3% from 2022. The growth was driven by: multi-brand strategy and extensive product offerings
     which captured opportunities in different market segments; enhanced retail capabilities and product
     premiumization; more competitive water heater, HVAC and kitchen appliances contributed strong revenue
     growth in China; enhanced user values from San Yi Niao’s improved scenario-based suite products;
     development of new categories including tumble dryers, dishwashers, home cleaning robots and heat pumps
     to capture opportunities in quality living and the low-carbon economy.

     For the financial year ended 31 December 2023, the net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company
     was RMB16.597 billion, representing a 12.8% increase from 2022.

     The Company’s gross profit margin reached 30.9% in 2023, up 0.3 percentage points compared to the
     same period in 2022. Margin improvement in domestic market was driven by lower commodity prices,
     digitalisation in procurement and R&D, development of a digitalised production and sales coordination
     system, and improved product mix. In overseas markets, benefits from better product mix and production
     capacity utilisation were partly offset by intensified competition in key regions, resulting in a year-on-year
     decline in gross profit margin.

     The selling and distribution expenses ratio was 15.7% in 2023, a reduction of 0.1 percentage points
     compared to the same period in 2022, selling expense ratio has improved resulting from digitally enhanced
     efficiency in resource allocation, logistics and fulfilment in China. On the other hand, overseas selling
     expense ratio went up due to intensified competition, increased spending in network expansion, promotions,
     and store upgrades.

     The ratio of administrative expenses of the Group to its revenue was 8.9% in 2023, which remains the same
     as 2022. On the one hand, the Group streamlined business processes and enhanced organisational
     efficiency by leveraging digital tools, resulting in a 0.1 percentage point optimisation of the administrative
     expense ratio. On the other hand, the Group strengthened core capabilities in smart home technologies,
     advanced technology-driven product innovation across various industries, and improved the digital platforms
     of the San Yi Niao scenario brand, leading to a 0.1 percentage point increase in the administrative expense
     ratio.

     In 2023, the Company’s net cash flow from operating activities was RMB25.262 billion, an increase of
     RMB5.007 billion year-on-year.




20   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
I.   Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions
     (1)   Refrigerator business
           In 2023, the refrigerator business of the Company remained committed to leading the global
           industry in the IoT era. By constantly innovating freshness preservation and built-in technologies,
           expanding high-end products, and accelerating retail transformation, the Company was able to
           strengthen its leadership in the industry. In 2023, sales revenue of the global refrigerator
           business was RMB81.910 billion, a growth of 5.2% compared to the same period in 2022.

           According to Gfk, the Company’s share of retail revenue reached 45.2% offline and 40.3% online
           in China in 2023, up 1.3 and 1.1 percentage points year-on-year, respectively. According to
           Euromonitor, the Company held a 14.1% share of retail volume overseas.

           The domestic market
           The Company has significantly increased its share in the high-end market. Casarte built-in
           refrigerator achieved a remarkable 120% year-on-year volume growth. Haier refrigerator expanded
           Boguan (博 觀) series with full-space freshness preservation technology and compartmentalised
           storage design, dominating the market in the price range above RMB20,000 per unit. According
           to CMM, the share of offline retail with unit price of RMB10,000 and above reached 52.8%, an
           increase of 4 percentage points year-on-year.

           Enhancing retail capabilities has been a key focus. By strengthening network coverage in
           underserved areas, leveraging digital marketing to improve customer acquisition, and upgrading
           end-user experience, the Company enhanced efficiency in customer engagement and improved
           conversion by 8%.

           The Company also prioritised end-to-end cost reduction and efficiency improvement. To scale up
           production and in-house manufacturing of basic components, the first phase of Shanghe
           Refrigeration Park was put into operation in 2023, adding 1.5 million units in capacity.
           Manufacturing efficiency has improved by over 10% via integrating advanced manufacturing
           technologies and digitalising manufacturing, inspection, and logistics.

           Overseas markets
           The Company remained committed to high-end brand strategy and synergising global resources
           to strengthen product leadership and enhance user experience. In North America, we launched
           the integrated Built-in French Door refrigerator with Monogram and Café brand, Internal
           Dispenser Multi-door refrigerator with Profile and Café brand. In Europe, our clean ice-making
           technology and grade-a silent operation elevated user experiences and captured the largest
           market share in high-end multi-door refrigerators. Haier also raised price index to 122. In the
           Japanese market, upgrade in product and brand portfolio contributed to the strong growth of
           ultra-large refrigerators.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   21
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     I.    Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (continued)
           (1)    Refrigerator business (continued)
                  Overseas markets (continued)
                  On 14 December 2023, the Company announced the acquisition of Carrier Refrigeration Benelux
                  B.V., the commercial refrigeration business of Carrier Global Corporation, for approximately USD
                  640 million in cash. This move signified the Company’s expansion from residential into
                  commercial refrigeration, opening the door to new growth opportunities. The acquisition will
                  enhance the Company’s foothold in the European market and strengthen global competitiveness,
                  while capturing opportunities in China and Asia Pacific. The transaction is expected to close in
                  2024.

           (2)    Kitchen appliance business
                  In 2023, the Company focused on becoming the global leader in high-end smart kitchen by
                  enhancing in-store experience of smart product suites and introducing product innovations,
                  built-in technologies, and scenario-based solutions. In 2023, the kitchen appliance business
                  recorded global revenue of RMB41.654 billion, up 6.9% compared to the same period in 2022.

                  According to Gfk, the Company’s offline retail sales accounted for 8.8% of market sales, up 0.5
                  percentage points year-on-year, ranking third in China, where our share of high-end built-in
                  products reached 17.9%. Online retail sales accounted for 4.3%, up 0.8 percentage points
                  year-on-year. According to Euromonitor, our shares continued to perform well in key markets
                  overseas: we achieved double-digit growth in Europe despite industry downturn; and grew
                  market share by 3 percentage points in Australia through the dual-brand strategy of FPA and
                  Haier.

                  The domestic market
                  Sales revenue grew over 10% with sequential improvement every quarter in 2023 by seizing
                  opportunities in product upgrades, kitchen renovations and property completions, developing
                  partnerships with cabinet and home improvement companies, and increasing presence in home
                  improvement channels.

                  Casarte kitchen appliances focused on increasing product competitiveness. The launch of
                  ultra-slim built-in retractable range hoods, ultra-slim built-in five-ring stoves, and
                  humidity-controlled ovens led to a 30% increase in retail sales, driving high-end market share to
                  10%.

                  Haier’s smart kitchen appliance factory in Laiyang was the first to win the ROI-EFESO Industry
                  4.0 Award since 2013, a recognition of our substantial improvement in supply chain
                  competitiveness. The Company enhanced cost competitiveness by increasing in-house
                  component manufacturing from 30% to 54% and establishing a digitalised material cost model.




22   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
I.    Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (continued)
      (2)   Kitchen appliance business (continued)
            Overseas markets
            In North American market, in collaboration with eco-partners such as Google Cloud, the
            Company uses a generative AI platform to help users generate customized recipes based on the
            food in their kitchens. In Australia and New Zealand, FPA brand elevated retail experience by
            launching sleek, minimalist oven suites and enhancing in-store product displays. In the
            commercial sector, the Company focused on providing high-end design solutions, establishing
            partnerships with designers to drive growth.

II.   Household Laundry Management Solutions
      The laundry business aimed to become number one choice globally during the IoT era and strived to
      maintain leadership through innovations in garment care, integration of home appliances and furnishing,
      energy efficiency, and eco-friendly technologies, while expanding new categories including tumble
      dryers. In 2023, the laundry business achieved a global revenue of RMB61.492 billion, representing an
      increase of 6.2% from 2022.

      According to Gfk, the Company’s retail market share went up 1.5 percentage points year-on-year to
      47.5% offline in China, while remaining unchanged at 40.4% online. Euromonitor ranked us number
      one in ten countries, including Australia, New Zealand, and Vietnam.

      The domestic market
      Consumers’ desire for quality living has created demand for specialized products such as tumble
      dryers, wall-mounted washing machines, and fabric care cabinets. The Company proactively shifted
      from selling individual washing machine to providing laundry solutions, encompassing washing
      machines, tumble dryers, and fabric care cabinets. This upgrade aimed to offer a more refined and
      professional laundry experience to enhance user value. In 2023, the completion of tumble dryer factory
      in Shanghai added capacity of 2 million units. Tumble dryer revenue grew 20% year-on-year in 2023.
      According to Gfk, the Company topped the retail market with 40.4% share offline, and 34% share
      online.

      The Company pressed ahead with retail transformation, and enhanced capabilities by directing
      distributors to focus on improving in-store experiences to improve user acquisition and conversion,
      while attracting younger consumers and increasing user recognition with innovative content on new
      social media platforms such Douyin and Xiaohongshu.

      A series of end-to-end cost reduction and efficiency improvements were implemented, including
      discontinuing low-efficiency models, and increasing the proportion of mid to high-end products to
      enhance competitiveness.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   23
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     II.    Household Laundry Management Solutions (continued)
            Overseas markets
            The Company focused on implementing high-end brand strategies, leveraging on local market insights
            and global R&D strengths to enrich product pipeline and grow market share.

            In North America, the Company introduced Combo with washer and dryer all-in-one machine, it
            disruptively solves users’ pain points through one machine by completing a full load of wash and dry
            within two hours, and leads in the industry. In Western Europe, the launch of Haier’s highly
            differentiated IPRO helped increase in market share by 4 percentage points for products with unit price
            above EUR 599. In India, market share in selected channels grew from 4% to 16% with price index
            increasing from 89 to 101 leveraging on improved in-store display and brand recognition.

     III.   Air Solutions
            During the reporting period, the Company’s air solution business achieved revenue of RMB46.104
            billion, up 13.1% year-on-year.

            (1)   Home air conditioner business
                  In 2023, the home air conditioner business concentrated on implementing smart and healthy air
                  solution strategy via innovating user-centred scenarios, enhancing technological capabilities,
                  developing retail-end capabilities and end-to-end digitalisation, to boost market competitiveness.

                  The domestic market
                  Focusing on providing air solutions with outstanding quality, taste, and performance, the home air
                  conditioner business ramped up R&D investment to attract top talents, deploy technological
                  resources and enhanced competitiveness in core functions. The innovative Variable Shunt
                  Technology has earned the Energy Saving and Emission Reduction Science and Technology
                  Progress Award from China Energy Conservation Association. In 2023, we introduced the
                  Casarte Nebula (星雲) series, the industry’s first integrated high-powered air conditioner, 110,000
                  units have been sold since their first introduction, driving us to the first place in the market
                  segment priced above RMB10,000 with 37% share.

                  We continued to enhance network coverage and develop omnichannel retail and marketing
                  capabilities. We prioritised franchised sales networks and increased store count offline, while
                  promoting best-sellers, creating new social media content, and improving monetization online.
                  During the reporting period, we ranked among top 10 best-sellers for the first time. In the
                  commercial channel, we developed an operating framework integrating customer service,
                  technical support, and installation management to improve conversion efficiency, contributing to
                  contract revenue exceeding RMB10 billion.

                  The Company focused on improving supply chain and boosting in-house component
                  manufacturing to strengthen cost competitiveness. In March 2023, our computer board factory in
                  Zhengzhou commenced mass production with an annual capacity of 2 million sets and potential
                  cost savings of over RMB10 million. The Company’s compressor joint venture with Shanghai
                  Highly is expected to begin production in the first quarter of 2024, contributing to overall supply
                  chain capabilities.



24   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
III.   Air Solutions (continued)
       (1)   Home air conditioner business (continued)
             Overseas markets
             The home air conditioner business aims to provide health-conscious, smart, and energy-efficient
             products tailored to meet local demand and promote sustainability in the global market. In the
             European market, we expanded the lineup of R290 with the use of eco-friendly refrigerant to
             address growing environment concerns. In Pakistan, our solar-powered air conditioners tackled
             rising electricity prices by reducing daytime billing to zero, fulfilling demand for affordable
             energy-efficiency. We also built a new factory in Egypt and enhanced manufacturing capabilities
             in India, Pakistan, and Thailand, leveraging first-mover advantage in the global supply chain.

             In 2023, the Company became number one in Pakistan and Thailand, and grew retail market
             share in Southeast Asia and Western Europe.

       (2)   Smart building business
             In 2023, the smart building business strategically focused on developing smart low-carbon
             building solutions. By leveraging existing HVAC business, the Company expanded into heat
             pumps, energy management, and smart building management, thus seizing the opportunities from
             energy efficiency standard upgrade and growing demand for clean energy. In 2023, the global
             revenue of smart building business increased by over 14% compared to the same period in
             2022, with revenue in the domestic market exceeding RMB5 billion. According to China IoL, our
             domestic market share rose 0.8 percentage points to 9.5%, ranking fourth in the industry in
             2023.

             The domestic market
             Leveraging technological advantages in magnetic levitation, air suspension, and high-efficiency
             heat exchange, the Company strengthened its leadership in high-speed variable-frequency and
             smart IoT technologies, while creating efficient HVAC workshop solutions. We were world’s first
             to implement static pressure air suspension technology on central air conditioning systems that
             could last for a period of 30 years and require little maintenance while saving up to 50% energy.
             The MX-super IoT-based multi-split system was the industry’s first smart solution for large
             spaces, utilizing four units of 24 HP modules running in parallel to maximize output of 96 HP,
             effectively reducing floor space by 50% while improving energy efficiency.

             The Company’s heat pump business captured industrial demand for clean energy with expanded
             product application to achieve sales growth of 20%. The new variable frequency
             high-temperature heat pump could provide hot water up to 90ºC. It has been widely used by
             clients from electroplating, slaughterhouses, petroleum, food processing, textile printing and
             dyeing industries, as well as on existing housing renovation projects.

             To accelerate the transition towards one-stop low-carbon solution provider, the Company
             completed the acquisition of Tongfang Energy Technology Development Company in September
             2023, which is expected to enhance our integrated heating and cooling services, clean energy,
             and waste heat recycling solutions.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   25
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     III.   Air Solutions (continued)
            (2)   Smart building business (continued)
                  Overseas markets
                  The smart building business centred on expanding product portfolio and upgrading product mix.
                  For example, we received over RMB100 million orders from clients in the Middle East for T3
                  variable frequency series that could operate under high-temperature. In Europe, we focused on
                  the integration of heat pump products with Haier Smart hOn platform of local storage data and
                  energy storage systems, accelerating the transition from single product to multiple energy source
                  solutions to smart energy management.

                  We also accelerated the development of store network integrating consumer experience, product
                  display and marketing, as well as staff training to enhance design and installation capabilities.

     IV.    Household Water Solutions
            In 2023, the water heater and purifier business strategically focused on becoming the global leader in
            household water heating, cooling, and purification solutions. We achieved steady growth in water
            purifiers, softeners and filters leveraging innovations to create health-conscious, high capacity and
            comfortable experience. In 2023, the global water heater and purifier revenue was RMB15.336 billion,
            representing an increase of 8.5% from 2022.

            The domestic market
            To address concerns of ageing products, water quality and additional demand from families with two
            children, the Company focused on product iterations and grew sales revenue to over RMB12 billion in
            2023. The Company’s Casarte Crystal Tank electric water heater seamlessly moulded aerospace-grade
            crystal fibres and industrial-grade polymer materials to deliver a mineral spring experience with water
            that is rich in strontium. Our gas water heaters pioneered the use of gas-electric hybrid constant
            temperature technology, automatically switching between two energy sources to reduce heating time
            and stabilize water temperature, sales revenue recorded a compounded annual growth of over 20%
            from 2021 to 2023.

            On the market side, we also captured replacement demand by cleaning ageing products in existing
            neighbourhoods, capturing demands through showcasing solutions in new buildings, while accelerating
            commercial business with comprehensive water purification and heating/cooling solutions.

            We promoted end-to-end cost reduction and efficiency improvement by strengthening vertical supply
            chain integration to grow in-house manufacturing by 10% and reduce cost with additional 19 module
            components. Meanwhile, we enhanced proportion of shared modules to enhance efficiency in R&D and
            improve average contribution per SKU.




26   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
IV.   Household Water Solutions (continued)
      Overseas markets
      Water heater and purifier business has significant potential in overseas market where the current
      exposure remains limited. The Company remained committed to meeting consumer demand with
      improving product offerings to cater for local tastes. We have made several breakthroughs in the more
      mature markets including North America where we introduced gas storage water heater and in Europe
      we offered gas water heaters and boilers. The Company also grew revenue by developing
      comprehensive solutions and enhancing presence in specialists’ channels for building materials,
      bathroom fixtures and installation.

V.    China operation: Driving brand transformation, optimising distribution network, and
      winning recognition from users.
      During the reporting period, the Company strengthened multi-brand strategic transformation and
      improved user experiences to enhance traffic acquisition and conversion. Our home appliances market
      share in China amounted to 28% in 2023, up 1 percentage point year-on-year.

      The Company implemented a series of digital transformation initiatives to improve distributors’
      operational efficiency, marketing, and promotional resource deployment, while enhancing
      decision-making capabilities using big data tools, all of which aimed at effectively showcasing smart
      scenario-based solutions in stores and promoting local community outreach campaigns at zero
      distance to boost user experience and recognition.

      In addition, the Company also strengthened omnichannel presence and enhanced operating
      capabilities. In first and second-tier markets, we targeted shopping malls and home improvement
      channels to capitalise on user traffic. In third and fourth-tier markets, we transformed stores from
      selling individual products to offering scenario-based solutions, while assisting and encouraging
      distributors to actively engage users online instead of waiting for customers in store, thus grew sales
      revenue and enhanced resource utilisation. The Company created social media releases containing
      product information and engaged customers across multiple platforms, to improve conversion while
      cutting the cost of acquiring traffic by 7%. In 2023, the Company achieved double-digit growth in retail
      sales revenue online. Leveraging on digital platform, we were able to customize scenario-based
      solutions for corporate clients. We also set up a task force specializing in collaborating with
      state-owned enterprises, top 500 private enterprises, and leading local companies, to increase
      penetration in these markets.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   27
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     V.    China operation: Driving brand transformation, optimising distribution network, and
           winning recognition from users. (continued)
           The Company actively adopted a multi-brand operation strategy to cater to different segments. An
           upgrade plan has been launched under high-end Casarte brand to achieve stable growth of 14% in
           retail revenue in 2023. During the reporting period, the Company associated our brands with smart &
           quality living, by enriching product portfolio, strengthening social media presence, and upgrading store
           experiences. In 2023, Casarte ranked first in brand awareness on Xiaohongshu. 240 experience stores
           have been set up in shopping malls all over the country. We also built the Casarte Art Centre inside
           the prestigious Deji Plaza in Nanjing to create brand new shopping experience by combining home
           appliances with artistic home improvement. Leveraging on local market advantages, the Company was
           able to accelerate the development of luxury home appliance brand Fisher & Paykel. By targeting
           designers, equestrians, and food enthusiasts, a series of brand communication strategies were
           implemented to craft its luxurious image. In 2023, five experiential stores were opened in high-end
           building materials market and shopping malls, highlighting ultra-high-end scenario solutions including
           social kitchen and personal care.

           In 2023, San Yi Niao focused on enhancing its design platform and store digitalisation to improve
           scenario-based solutions and sales capabilities. Retail sales surged 84% year-on-year, with product
           suites accounting for over 60% of total sales. The Company’s proprietary Nesting Interior Design
           Platform consists of over 500 3D-modules of home appliance designs, and floor plans covering 90% of
           residential districts across the country. Nearly 1,500 new outlets were added, facilitating product suite
           sales growth by localized scenario solutions and professional finishing standard.

     VI.   Overseas markets: Harnessing global resources to develop high-end brands,
           outgrowing the industry.
           In 2023, the Company’s revenue from overseas market amounted to RMB136.412 billion, up 7.6%
           from 2022. The increase in revenue is attributed to the Company’s commitment to high-end brand and
           strengthened market leadership by integrating global R&D, introducing original technologies; continuous
           upgrade of product mix which drove up price indices; and diversified portfolio encompassing high-end,
           mid-range and entry-level products to meet diverse demands. In terms of market development, the
           Company optimised user experience and enhanced brand reputation by expanding retail presence,
           increasing visibility in mainstream channels, and establishing professional HVAC sales channels. Efforts
           have also been made to strengthen production capacity in countries along the Belt and Road Initiative
           to grasp development opportunities.




28   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
VI.   Overseas markets: Harnessing global resources to develop high-end brands,
      outgrowing the industry. (continued)
      1.   North America
           GE Appliances continued outperforming the industry and gained share in core appliances in
           2023. In 2023, sales revenue went up by 4.1% reaching RMB79.751 billion.

           The Company persists in promoting its leadership in premium brands and products and has
           successfully launched innovative core appliances, such as Profile Combo with heat pump washer
           and dryer, integrated Built-in French Door refrigerator with Monogram and Café brand, Internal
           Dispenser Multi-door refrigerator with Profile and Café brand, high-end customized Range Hood
           with Monogram brand, and the next generation stainless steel dishwasher with GE and Profile
           brand, to fully meet the needs of local users. Take Combo with washer and dryer all-in-one
           machine as an example, it disruptively solves users’ pain points through one machine by
           completing a full load of wash and dry within two hours, and leads in the industry. As a result, it
           has been honoured with dozens of awards, including the Best Product Award — Best Home
           Technology Product in 2023 KBIS/IBS, the Sustainable Product of the Year 2023, and the CES
           Innovation Award of Home Appliance.

           The Company has earned the house share in Big Box and Costco and gained Lowe’s “Partner of
           the Year” award due to innovative products and win-win solutions.

           The Company persists in laying out new industries and channels. At AHR Show of 2023, the
           Company launched Air & Water solutions with Unitary/DFS/VRF and gas storage water heater,
           which were widely recognized by professional channels.

           The Company is actively exploring smart ecosystem transformation to enhance users’ experience.
           In collaboration with eco-partners such as Google Cloud, it uses a generative AI platform to help
           users generate customized recipes based on the food in their kitchens. It also provides optimal
           energy management solutions for Net Zero homes. The Company was recognized as IoT
           Breakthrough’s “Smart Appliance Company of the Year” for sixth consecutive year.

           The Company continually implements RenDanHeYi to activate employees’ vitality, thus achieving
           zero distance from the users. The Company received a score of 100 on the Human Rights
           Campaign Foundation’s 2023–2024 Corporate Equality Index (CEI) for sixth consecutive year. CEI
           is the premier benchmark survey and report in the United States, measuring corporate policies
           and practices related to LGBTQ and workplace equality. And once again it was selected for
           Fortune Manufacturing and Production™ The Best Workplace List, meanwhile received the “Best
           Workplace for Innovators” award from Fast Company.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   29
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     VI.   Overseas markets: Harnessing global resources to develop high-end brands,
           outgrowing the industry. (continued)
           2.     Europe
                  In the European market, the Company recorded sales revenue of RMB28.544 billion, up 23.9%
                  year-on-year, with retail volume share increased by 1 percentage point to 9.1%. Dedicated
                  efforts have been made to enhance product and supply chain competitiveness. The Company
                  established strategic partnership with local testing centres including LGA, CTTN and Intertek,
                  repositioned R&D facilities in Nuremberg to promote German design.

                  The Company launched New Candy Project to raise brand positioning, leveraging global
                  cooperations in developing new modules and products, including Chef@Home refrigerator with
                  large screen, smart oven with smart recipe recognition, dish washer with industry’s fastest
                  programme setting, 959/979 washing machine series with class A energy efficiency that grew
                  price index from 118 to 127. On the distribution front, we strengthened partnerships with leading
                  retailers across Europe including Boulanger and Darty.

                  Thanks to high profile sport events sponsorship including Roland-Garros tournament, Haier brand
                  had 3.1 percentage points increase in brand awareness.

           3.     Australia and New Zealand
                  Amid weak consumer sentiment in Australia and New Zealand, the Company still managed to
                  increase market share through product innovation, retail transformation and dual-brand operation.
                  In Australia, the Company’s market sales in sales volume grew by 1 percentage point while sales
                  revenue market share grew by 0.7 percentage points. In New Zealand, market share of kitchen
                  appliance and dish washers grew by 4% and 2%, respectively. The growth was achieved by
                  continuing launching of innovative products including Haier H600 T door refrigerator which helped
                  our market share in unit with capacity of 500–600L grow to 15.2%, Series 11 high-end washing
                  machines strengthened FPA’s luxury market leadership, Haier introduced first top-loading
                  washing machine with auto dispenser in the industry.

           4.     South Asia
                  During the period, revenue from South Asia grew 14.9% year-on-year to RMB9.521 billion. In
                  India, our high-end market share increased by 4 percentage points supported by innovations
                  such as the five-star inverter air conditioner. Targeting vegetarian consumers in India, we
                  introduced T-door refrigerator, over 30,000 units have been sold, ranking us first in terms of local
                  market share. We strengthened network coverage, particularly in the western and northern
                  regions, to enhance touchpoints and product promotion to solidify our market position. We
                  improved automation and product competitiveness through end-to-end upgrade and optimisation
                  of manufacturing and sales coordination at Northern Industrial Park.

                  Despite inflation and currency fluctuations in Pakistan, we managed to grow sales revenue by
                  20% and added more than 300 franchised stores, both of which helped us maintain leadership
                  with 40% market share.




30   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                           Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
VI.   Overseas markets: Harnessing global resources to develop high-end brands,
      outgrowing the industry. (continued)
      5.   Southeast Asia
           During the reporting period, sales revenue grew 11.6% to RMB5.78 billion in the Southeast Asian
           market.

           By adjusting product mix, we successfully increased price indices and boosted competitiveness
           in Vietnam and Thailand, where our air conditioners ranked number one leveraging product mix
           upgrade and introduction of new series with sterilisation technologies. In Vietnam, the Color AI
           washing machine was well received for its colour touch screen and smart washing features. The
           new unit has a price index of 150 which helped us rank first in the industry with over 20%
           market share.

           We developed franchise channels by adding 150 new exclusive brand zones in Indonesia and the
           Philippines and opening 15 new franchised stores in Malaysia. We also raised brand profile
           through product launches and sponsoring top sports games, while using targeted marketing
           strategies online and offline to deepen user engagement, positioning us as the most dynamic
           brand in the market.

      6.   Japan
           During the period, sales revenue amounted to RMB3.662 billion, up 2.6% year-on-year, or 5.1%
           in Japanese Yen.

           In response to demand for large refrigerators and washers, we launched TX ultra-slim large
           refrigerator and the large-volume heat pump front-load washer which helped volume market share
           grow in those two categories. We also established presence in all mainstream channels and
           secured prime shelf space by differentiating product display and in-store experience. Leveraging
           product iterations and IoT technology upgrade, installed base of smart appliance from community
           laundry business exceeded 53,000 units, with more than 2 million active users. In addition, we
           enhanced profitability through implementing end-to-end cost reduction measures.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   31
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     VII. Digital transformation
           During the reporting period, the Company strategically tackled challenges in the transformation, to
           enhance market operations, R&D efficiency, cost competitiveness, and turnovers.

           To improve market competitiveness, the Company launched an experience cloud platform that enabled
           real-time monitoring of the entire customer journey, starting from purchase to delivery, installation,
           usage, and service. The platform boosted business competitiveness through a structured feedback
           mechanism, resulting in a 24% reduction in user complaints. We helped distributor improve the
           management of distribution, inventory, and store operations using digital distribution systems and
           customer analysis tools. As a result, our digital retail sales increased by 22% year-on-year.

           To enhance R&D competitiveness, the Company established an integrated R&D platform, enabling
           efficient collaboration in terms of planning, development, and procurement. This resulted in a 19%
           increase in revenue contribution of individual models in the domestic market. By promoting the share
           of common component parts, total number of components was reduced by 8%, thereby increasing the
           procurement scale per component and cut down purchasing costs.

           To enhance manufacturing competitiveness, the Company centred on precise and efficient order
           execution. By streamlining information flow between material planning and logistic dispatch planning,
           we established a digitalized production model with unified scheduling system. This enabled transparent
           operations and smart scheduling throughout the manufacturing process, resulting in a 4% reduction of
           manufacturing cost and a 16% increase in output per worker.

           To improve product turnover efficiency, our focus was on rapid order delivery and efficient inventory
           turnover. We accelerated order models upgrade and established end-to-end digital capabilities by
           integrating marketing, production, procurement, and logistics planning. By leveraging data models, we
           were able to review orders, optimise assignments and resource allocation, resulting in an 8%
           improvement in domestic DIO (days inventory outstanding).




32   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                Business Review




INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
(I)   Industry Overview for 2023
      1.     The domestic market
             In 2023, the Chinese household appliance industry experienced steady growth. According to AVC
             data, the retail sales of household appliances in China1 (excluding 3C & digital products) reached
             RMB849.8 billion in 2023, marking a year-on-year increase of 3.6%. Demand for traditional
             products like refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners remained stable, while
             categories with lower penetration rates such as tumble dryers and dishwashers maintained rapid
             growth.

             Home air conditioning industry: Benefiting from hot weather, fulfilment of pent-up demand for
             renovation and installation during the pandemic, and low industry inventory levels, growth of the
             air conditioning outperformed the rest in the market. Annual retail volume reached 60.85 million
             units, up 6.5% year-on-year; retail sales amounted to RMB211.7 billion, an increase of 7.5%
             year-on-year.

             Refrigerator industry: Consumers’ increasing demand for large-capacity, freshness preservation,
             and built-in features, along with advancements in related technologies, has fuelled the rapid
             growth of built-in refrigerator products and a steady rise in average prices. Retail volume of the
             refrigerator industry reached 38.31 million units, a 1.5% year-on-year increase; retail revenue
             amounted to RMB133.3 billion, representing a 7% year-on-year growth.

             Laundry care industry: The rising consumer demand for high-quality laundry has fuelled the
             adoption of tumble dryers, leading to an increased share of washer-dryer combo suites and
             revitalising the industry’s recovery. In 2023, the total retail sales of the laundry industry reached
             RMB106.2 billion, a year-on-year increase of 7.7%. Specifically, (1) the washing machine sector
             recorded a retail volume of 40.05 million units, up 3.4% year-on-year, with retail sales amounting
             to RMB93.3 billion, representing a 5.8% increase. (2) the tumble dryer sector recorded a retail
             volume of 2.17 million units, up 16.4% year-on-year, with retail sales reaching RMB12.9 billion, a
             growth of 23.8% year-on-year.

             Kitchen appliance industry: Benefitting from the release of pent-up demand during the
             pandemic and product mix upgrades, retail sales of range hoods, stoves, and disinfection
             cabinets reached RMB52.5 billion, up 5.1% year-on-year. Integrated stoves, impacted by the
             downturn in the third and fourth-tier real estate markets, recorded a retail revenue of RMB24.9
             billion, a decrease of 4.0% year-on-year. The growing consumer emphasis on convenience and
             health has propelled the sustained popularity of dishwashers. In 2023, retail sales in the
             dishwasher industry amounted to RMB11.2 billion, marking a 9.6% increase year-on-year.




1
      Including refrigerator, freezer, washing machine, dryer, air-conditioner, kitchen appliances (range hoods, stoves, and disinfection
      cabinets), integrated range hoods, electric water heater, gas water heater, small home appliances, televisions, dishwasher,
      microwave oven, electric oven, vacuum cleaner, air purifier, water purifier, electric fans, electric heater, etc.




                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023      33
     Business Review




     INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
     DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
     (I)   Industry Overview for 2023 (continued)
           1.     The domestic market (continued)
                  Water heater industry: Driven by increased demand for gas water heaters, energy efficiency
                  upgrades, and a rise in demand for large-volume water heaters, the water heater industry
                  experienced steady growth. In 2023, the industry’s retail sales totalled RMB50.5 billion, up 7.4%
                  year-on-year. Specifically, retail sales of electric water heaters amounted to RMB23.3 billion, up
                  4.0% year-on-year, while retail sales of gas water heaters reached RMB27.2 billion, a growth of
                  10.4% year-on-year.

                  Water purifier industry: Benefitting from the recovery of the offline market and product mix
                  upgrades of POU (point of use) water purifiers, retail sales continued to grow, with revenue
                  reaching RMB20.5 billion, an increase of 10.7% year-on-year.

                  In 2023, consumer purchasing power and willingness to spend have recovered. Due to
                  differences in purchasing power and attitudes among consumer groups, there was a noticeable
                  segmentation in the home appliance market. Driven by innovative experiences brought about by
                  the integration of home appliances and furnishing, design aesthetics, smart features, and
                  health-conscious options, the high-end home appliance market outperformed the industry
                  average, with a continuous increase in market share. According to Gfk’s 2023 retail data,
                  refrigerators priced above RMB10,000 per unit accounted for 38% of total retail revenue, up 2.9
                  percentage points from 2022; washing machines priced above RMB10,000 per unit accounted
                  for 13.8% of total retail revenue, up 0.1 percentage points from 2022, and dishwashers priced
                  above RMB8,000 per unit accounted for 42.5% of total retail revenue, a 3.4 percentage point
                  increase from 2022.

                  Distribution network has become increasingly diversified, with emerging channels gaining a larger
                  share of traffic. This trend posed challenges to existing distribution networks and operational
                  models for businesses, while also fuelling innovation in user management and unlocking new
                  development opportunities. As consumers became more accustomed to shopping online, along
                  with enhanced integration of online and offline services, the share of online sales volume
                  continued to rise. At the same time, live streaming in offline experiential stores facilitated the
                  integration of online and offline channels. The combination of online traffic and offline experience
                  has become the future direction of retail development. Short video/content sharing platforms such
                  as Douyin, Kuaishou, and Xiaohongshu were rapidly developing, playing an increasingly significant
                  role in user acquisition and education. According to AVC retail data, retail revenue on Douyin
                  surged 121% for refrigerators and 164% for air conditioners in 2023.

                  In 2023, commodity prices in the domestic market substantially declined compared to 2022.
                  Meanwhile, market competition in the white goods industry became more rational and prices
                  were more stable. These factors collectively contributed to an improvement in the profitability of
                  the industry.




34   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                              Business Review




INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
(I)   Industry Overview for 2023 (continued)
      2.   Overseas markets
           According to Euromonitor, global home appliances retail revenue (including major appliances and
           small appliances) totalled USD 530.106 billion in 2023, representing a 1.5% increase
           year-on-year. Of this total, the retail revenue of major appliances reached USD 287.023 billion, at
           the same level as the previous year; while the retail revenue of small home appliances amounting
           to USD 243.084 billion, up 3.3% year-on-year. The surge in demand for home appliances in
           developed countries during the pandemic eventually subsided in the post-pandemic period.
           Additionally, in a high-interest-rate environment, real estate loan rates continued to rise, resulting
           in reduced willingness in buying homes, further dampening demand in the home appliance
           market.

           By market:

           (1)   The U.S.: Impacted by high interest rates, new home construction and home sales declined.
                 According to data from the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers (AHAM), core
                 appliance shipments in 2023 remained flat year-on-year. Intensified competition within the
                 industry led to lower unit prices.

           (2)   Europe: According to Gfk data, consumer confidence remained low amid high interest rates
                 and inflation, leading to a 3.8% decline in industry sales volume year-on-year. Due to the
                 frequent occurrence of extreme hot weather resulted in air conditioner industry
                 outperforming the overall home appliance industry, and more consumers are looking for
                 health-conscious and energy-efficient products.

           (3)   South Asia: ① In India, consumer demand became more segmented. Growth was stable
                 but slowed in the mid-range to high-end market. As purchasing power in the third- and
                 fourth-tier markets slowly recovered, demand for energy-saving entry-level products
                 increased. Chain retailers expanded rapidly across the country, and the market share of
                 e-commerce channels continued to climb. The sales volume of the home appliance industry
                 increased by 4.6%. ② In Pakistan, consumer purchasing power declined due to inflation
                 and exchange rate fluctuations, resulting in a 25% drop in the home appliance industry
                 volume, and an increasing demand for low-end budget-friendly products.

           (4)   Southeast Asia: According to Gfk data, the Thai market recorded a sales volume growth
                 of over 20% in air conditioners as driven by hot weather, while refrigerators and washing
                 machines experienced a slight decline. In the Vietnamese market, export demand
                 decreased due to weakened global economy, coupled with intensified industry competition,
                 resulting in a 4.5% decline in sales volume. In the Indonesian market, consumer spending
                 levels decreased in 2023, leading to an 8.2% decline in sales volume for the home
                 appliance industry.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   35
     Business Review




     INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
     DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
     (I)    Industry Overview for 2023 (continued)
            2.    Overseas markets (continued)
                  (5)  Australia & New Zealand: Performance of the home appliance market in Australia and New
                       Zealand fell short of expectations due to adverse effects from the global economic
                       slowdown and inflation. Both markets have shown varying degrees of decline.

                  (6)    Japan: The white goods market was sluggish in Japan due to inflation and currency
                         depreciation. Annual sales volume of refrigerators, freezers and washing machines dropped
                         by 5.1% year-on-year. Consumer demand for high value-added products such as large
                         capacity and energy-saving options was on the rise.

     (II)   Industry Outlook for 2024
            1.    The domestic market
                  The domestic home appliance industry has shifted into a new phase driven by replacement
                  demand. According to data from the China Household Electric Appliance Research Institute, the
                  total ownership of air conditioners, refrigerators, and washing machines in China in 2022
                  amounted to 780 million, 580 million, and 550 million units respectively, underscoring the
                  existence of a massive replacement market. The 2024 Government Work Report advocated and
                  incentivised the replacement of old appliances to unleash consumer spending power, promote
                  energy conservation, and mitigate safety risks associated with outdated appliances. The
                  government is committed to promoting large-scale recycling and reuse of home appliances,
                  strengthen the development of a new “replace + recycle” logistics system, and coordinate central
                  finance and local government efforts to support the implementation to benefit consumers.

                  At present, China’s leading home appliance companies are dedicated to enhancing the safe
                  recycling, eco-friendly processing, and resource reuse of outdated appliances. Trade-in programs
                  not only drive the market sales of energy-efficient and eco-friendly products but also facilitate the
                  recycling of metals and other materials to minimise waste pollution. Relevant national policies will
                  further mobilize collective societal efforts to stimulate replacement demand, promote a circular
                  economy, and bring new vitality into the industry’s sustainable growth.




36   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            Business Review




INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
(II)   Industry Outlook for 2024 (continued)
       2.   Overseas markets
            In 2024, developed countries are expected to enter a rate cut cycle, and the real estate market
            is expected to gradually rebound, thereby increasing demand for home appliances, and creating
            a more favourable market environment for home appliance exports. According to Euromonitor,
            global home appliances’ retail revenue (including major appliances and small appliances) will be
            USD 540.6 billion in 2024, up 2% year-on-year, of which, the retail revenue of major appliances
            is estimated to reach USD 292.5 billion, up 1.9% year-on-year, and the retail revenue of small
            home appliances amounting to USD 248.2 billion, up 2.1% year-on-year.

            As IoT technologies progress and consumers continue to seek to improve their quality of life, the
            home appliance industry is trending towards smart and high-end products, amplifying the added
            value of home appliances. In addition, amidst the backdrop of energy scarcity, there is a growing
            consumer preference for energy-efficient products, which fuels the development of high-efficiency
            products such as heat pumps.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD
Founded in 1984, the Company is committed to being an enterprise of the times. Through relentless
innovation and iterations, we seize opportunities in the industry by continuously launching innovative
products that steer market development. After more than 30 years, the Company has become a global
leader in the major home appliance industry, as well as a pioneer in global smart home solutions.

•      Global leader of the major home appliance industry: According to data from Euromonitor — an
       authoritative market researcher, the Company ranked first in terms of sales volume in global major
       appliance market for 15 consecutive years. The Company has a global portfolio of brands, including
       Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher & Paykel and AQUA. From 2008 to 2023, Haier
       brand refrigerators and washing machines ranked first among global major home appliance brands in
       sales volume for 16 and 15 consecutive years respectively.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   37
     Business Review




     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     •     Pioneer of global smart home solutions: Capitalizing on our full-range home appliances products,
           the Company is recognized by Euromonitor as one of the first in the industry to introduce smart home
           solutions. San Yi Niao remained committed to the mission of “providing smart home experience for a
           better home”, by enhancing three major capabilities in respect of design tools, store digitalisation and
           the Smart Home APP, we have been dedicated to providing customised and specialised smart home
           appliance solutions for users.

           Over the years, the Company has established a business layout that includes smart solutions for food
           storage and cooking, laundry, air and water, the Overseas Home Appliance and Smart Home
           Business, and Other Business.

           The Company provides a full range of home appliance products and value-added services in global
           market through Haier Smart Home APP and San Yi Niao APP, supplemented by our offline experience
           centres, to cater for users’ needs for different lifestyle scenarios. Smart Home Business comprises
           Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions, Household Laundry Solutions, Air Solutions (Internet
           of Air), and Household Water Solutions (Internet of Water).

     •     Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions: Through selling products such as refrigerators,
           freezers, kitchen appliances in global market, as well as providing one-stop smart kitchen scenario
           solutions and ecosystem solutions including smart cooking and nutrition planning, the Company fully
           addresses users’ need for convenient, healthy and tasteful gourmet experiences.

     •     Household Laundry Solutions: Haier’s washing machine focuses on applying original technologies to
           directly solve users’ pain points in home living scenarios and create new experiences and value for
           users. With a product lineup of washing machines, tumble dryers, all-in-one laundry machines, garment
           care machines, and heated drying racks, the Company has evolved from selling individual products to
           providing scenario-based solutions and offering end-to-end laundry care services. For example, the
           Zhongzihemei (中子和美) three-in-one washer combines washing, drying, and fabric care functions into
           a single unit, and the Essence Wash washing machine reduces washing time and improves cleaning
           effectiveness by producing a highly concentrated detergent solution that can quickly soak into clothes
           through detergent pre-mixing and high pressure spraying.




38   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                             Business Review




PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
•    Air Solutions (Internet of Air):

     Home air conditioners: Through worldwide sales, the Company provides products such as home air-
     conditioners and fresh air systems, as well as a comprehensive range of full-cycle solutions including
     coordination of multiple air-conditioners and purifiers, adaptive air flow, air quality monitoring and air
     disinfection, thereby delivering a healthy and comfortable experience at home and during commute that
     caters to the user needs in terms of air temperature, humidity and quality.

     Smart buildings: The Company is committed to becoming a leader in efficient, sustainable and smart
     building solutions based on the state’s “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” strategy. Focusing on
     the business areas of smart control, environment, energy and system integration of buildings, the
     Company provides green and smart building solutions integrating “technology + experience + space”
     for government and commercial buildings, railways, schools, and hospitals.

•    Household Water Solutions (Internet of Water): Through providing worldwide users with electric
     water heaters, gas water heaters, solar water heaters, air energy heat pump water heaters, POE water
     purifiers, POU water purifiers, water softening equipment, the Company offers smart water solutions
     including interactions between water heaters and purifiers, and between heating appliances and water
     heaters, so as to comprehensively cater to users’ needs for water purification, softening and heating.

The Company manufactures and sells a comprehensive portfolio of home appliance products and provides
value-added services in more than 200 countries and regions, including North America, Europe, South Asia
and Southeast Asia, Australia and New Zealand, Japan, Middle East and Africa.

In the overseas markets, the Company has been manufacturing and selling proprietary appliance products
catering for local users’ demands for more than 20 years. During the time, a number of acquisitions
contributed to our growth including acquisition of Haier Group Corporation’s overseas white goods business
(Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd.’s white goods business in Japan and Southeast Asia) in 2015, home appliances of
GE in the US in 2016, Fisher & Paykel in 2018, and Candy in 2019. The development of the Company’s
overseas businesses has been fuelled by synergies among our self-developed business and our acquired
businesses.

At present, the overseas business of the Company has entered a stage of promising growth, having
achieved a multi-brand, cross-product and cross-regional presence on a global basis. According to
Euromonitor, the Company’s share of the global market (retail volume) for major home appliances in key
regions market share in 2023 is as follows: ranked first in Asia in terms of retail volume, with a market share
of 26%; ranked second in America, with a market share of 15.8%; ranked first in Australia and New
Zealand, with a market share of 14.6%. The Company ranked fourth in Europe with a market share of
8.8%.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   39
     Business Review




     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     Other Businesses
     Building on our established smart home businesses, the Company has also developed small home
     appliances, cleaning robots, channel distribution and other businesses. In particular, the small home
     appliance business primarily involves small home appliances designed by the Company, produced by
     outsourced third-party manufacturers and sold under the Company’s brands, which serve to enrich our
     smart home solutions product mix. The channel distribution business primarily offers distribution services for
     products such as televisions and user electronics for the Haier Group or third-party brands, which leverages
     the Company’s sales network.

     During the reporting period, the Company was once again listed among the Top 500 World’s Companies
     and named again as the 2023 World’s Most Admired Companies by the Fortune Magazine. We are the only
     company being selected in Europe and Asia in the home appliances industry and are the only selected
     company incorporated outside the US. Meanwhile, the Company is also the world’s only Internet-of-Things
     (IoT) ecosystem brand being named again as BrandZTM Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands in 2023.

     At the same time, the Company was named again among Fortune’s China ESG Impact list and Forbes’ The
     World’s Best Employers 2023 list. The Company’s ESG effort has also been recognized by external rating
     agencies, receiving an MSCI ESG rating of A, which is at leading levels within home appliance sector in
     China. Haier Smart Home was selected into the three major ESG indices of the Hang Seng Index, including
     the HSI ESG Enhanced Index, the HSI ESG Enhanced Select Index and the HSCEI ESG Enhanced Index.




40   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD
The Company has established a solid strategic presence and competitive advantage in global market. In
China’s major home appliance market, the Company has long maintained a leading position across all
product categories. According to CMM’s report, the Company has established a continued leading market
position in key major home appliance categories in 2023. In overseas markets, the Company has adhered to
its high-end brand creation strategy, building capacity to create leading sustainable growth, which has
continuously improved its market share. Building on this foundation, the Company will further consolidate its
leadership position in the industry by leveraging integrated synergies of its global unified platforms, through
efficiency transformation driven by digitalization, and by leveraging its technological strength and innovative
capabilities. As cornerstone for sustainable development, our “Rendanheyi (人 單 合 一)” Model also provided
management guidance to the Company and enabled us to replicate successful experiences. It is believed
that the following advantages will help the Company to continue to strengthen its leading position:

(i)   Building up excellent high-end brand operation capabilities and creating a well-
      recognized high-end brand through forward-looking layout and long-term investment
      in the global market to achieve a leading market position.
      To better meet the need of consumers in pursuit of quality life, the Company has started to develop
      the high-end brand Casarte in the Chinese market more than 10 years ago. The creation of high-end
      brands requires not only focus, experience and patience, but also continuous innovation of
      technological standards and differentiated service capabilities to fulfil user demand for high-quality
      experiences. The Casarte brand combined the Company’s global technological strengths, product
      development capabilities and manufacturing craftsmanship, as well as privilege marketing and
      differentiation services, which has won the trust of users in China’s high-end market. According to data
      from CMM, the Casarte brand has assumed a definitive leading position in China’s high-end major
      home appliance market in 2023, ranking first in the retail sales of refrigerator, washing machine and air
      conditioner categories in the high-end segment. Specifically, in terms of offline retail sales, shares of
      the Casarte brand of refrigerators and air conditioners reached 50% and 28% respectively in the
      market with product priced above RMB15,000 in China, while its share of washing machines priced
      above RMB10,000 in the China’s market reached 84%.

      In the North American market, the Company owns high-end brands such as Monogram, Café, and GE
      Profile. In collaboration with the Qingdao headquarters, we enhanced our high-end brand profile
      through launching leading products including Combo washers and dryers. Through the creation of
      luxurious, customizable and smart technology-enabled user experience, our high-end brands
      Monogram, Café and GE Profile have grown rapidly.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   41
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     (ii)   Providing users with specialised and customised smart household solutions through
            the San Yi Niao brand with cross-household design focusing on scenario-based
            experience to carry out the mission of “providing smart home experience for a
            better home”.
            As users continued to demand for higher living quality, coupled with the development of technologies
            such as Internet of Things and big data, the industry has shown a smart and high-end development
            trend that prioritized product suites, based upon scenarios, and home appliances integrated with home
            furnishings. With leading user insights, extensive product coverage and technological accumulation from
            algorithms, big data models and IoT equipment technology, the Company enhanced its three major
            capabilities in respect of design tools, store digitalisation and the Smart Home APP to create a new
            home appliances sales method with cross-household design focusing on scenario-based experience,
            and develop high-end, package, and front-end sales capabilities. Focusing on the mission of “providing
            smart home experience for a better home”, the Company has been dedicated to providing customised
            and specialised smart home appliance solutions for users.

     (iii) Extensive and solid global presence with localized operational capability
            In respect of overseas markets, the Company seeks overseas expansion of its own brands as well as
            synergies with acquired brands to develop overseas markets. Such business strategy has guided the
            Company to establish R&D, manufacturing and marketing three-in-one structure across multiple brands,
            products and regions, as well as the model of self-development, interconnection and synergized
            operation.

            The Company’s extensive global presence depends on its localized business teams as well as its
            flexible and autonomous management mechanisms established in various overseas markets, which
            have enabled the Company to gain rapid insights and respond swiftly to local user demands. The
            Company also proactively integrates into local markets and cultures and has established a corporate
            image that is recognized by local communities in the overseas regions where the Company operates.

            In 2023, the Company established 10+N innovative ecosystems, 122 manufacturing centres, and 108
            marketing centres around the world, and achieved a coverage of nearly 230,000 points of sales in
            global markets.




42   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                              Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
(iv) A comprehensive portfolio of proprietary brands recognised by users of all tiers
      Through organic growth and acquisitions, the Company has formed seven brand clusters, including
      Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher & Paykel and AQUA. To address the needs of
      users from different tiers in various markets around the world, the Company has adopted a
      differentiated multi-brand strategy in different regions that centred around users, to achieve an
      extensive and in-depth user coverage. For example, in the Chinese market: the three brands of
      Casarte, Haier and Leader achieved the coverage of high-end, mainstream and niche market groups
      respectively; in the U.S. market, the six major brands such as Monogram, Café, GE Profile, GE, Haier,
      Hotpoint comprehensively covered all segments of high-end, mid-range and low-end markets, thereby
      meeting the preferences and needs of different types of users.

(v)   Cross-border acquisition and synergy realisation capabilities
      The Company has an excellent track record of acquisition and integration. The Company has acquired
      Haier Group Corporation’s overseas white goods business, including Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd.’s white
      goods businesses in Japan and Southeast Asia in 2015, the home appliance business of General
      Electric in the US in 2016, the New Zealand company Fisher & Paykel (which has been entrusted by
      the Haier Group since 2015) in 2018, and the Italian company Candy in 2019. The Company’s
      capability to perform acquisition and integration is reflected in the following: First of all, the Company
      implements the ‘Rendanheyi (人 單 合 一)’ Model in the acquired companies, which is a value-added
      sharing mechanism for the whole-process team under a common goal. Such model can motivate the
      acquired companies and their employees and enable them to generate more value. Secondly, the
      Company made use of its global platform to empower the acquired companies in terms of strategic
      planning, R&D and procurement in order to enhance their competitiveness. Thirdly, the Company’s
      open and inclusive corporate culture can support the acquired companies in establishing a flexible and
      autonomous management mechanism, which can easily earn recognition from the acquired companies
      and is conducive to the promotion of integration.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   43
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     (vi) Comprehensive and in-depth global collaborations and empowerment
           The Company has made full use of its global collaborative platform, as well as its integrated functions
           of R&D, product development, procurement, supply chain, sales and brand marketing. It was able to
           share and expand development experience to various markets around the world. By strengthening the
           synergies among its global businesses, the Company has created a strong driving force for its future
           development.

           •      Global collaborative R&D: The Company has a global collaborative R&D system and has
                  established global technology R&D mechanisms to share common modules, utilize common
                  technologies, and share patents within the scope of compliance. For example, the Company’s
                  R&D team in China joined hands with FPA’s and CANDY’s R&D teams to develop the H20 spray
                  technology, which has been applied to freestanding and built-in dishwashers of Haier, Fisher &
                  Paykel, CANDY and HOOVER, hence strengthening the Company’s product leadership.

           •      Global collaborative product development: The Company has established a global product
                  development mechanism to facilitate regional collaboration and supplementation across product
                  categories. For example, the R&D teams in South Asia and China embarked on a 10-month
                  collaboration, breaking away from the traditional product development model by innovating on
                  team organisation, quality control, product testing and cost control leveraging complementary
                  local resources, in order to develop the HRT-683 refrigerator which has become a mainstream
                  high-end product in the local market.

           •      Global collaborative procurement: The Company has established a global procurement
                  committee to coordinate procurement activities. The committee has built a digital sourcing
                  platform that brought together partners across industries and regions to develop an autonomous
                  and controlled global supply chain ecosystem. The committee also created a global database of
                  preferred suppliers and materials to achieve cost reduction by aggregating resources at the
                  Company level. By unifying procurement rules and processes, the Company established a
                  standardised operating system with differentiated procurement strategies to enhance efficiency
                  while lowering risks. We have also developed a Company-level digital procurement platform to
                  enhance shared capabilities through connecting “materials, businesses, people and mechanisms”
                  to the platform, thereby improving the resilience of our global supply chain.

           •      Global collaborative supply chain: The Company has built an end-to-end digital management
                  system for the global supply chain that spanned from marketing to suppliers to production and
                  logistics. Using intelligent algorithms, the system enabled real-time flexible deployment of
                  production capacity, and factories across the globe could share and develop smart
                  manufacturing technologies to boost competitiveness.




44   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                           Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
(vi) Comprehensive and in-depth global collaborations and empowerment (continued)
    •    Global collaborative marketing and brand promotion: The Company operates a multi-level
         brand portfolio with collaborative brand promotions. The Company also promotes and introduces
         successful marketing strategies among regional markets. For example, the Company successfully
         replicated its sales and marketing model from China’s third and fourth-tier markets to markets
         such as India, Pakistan, and Thailand, strengthening the company’s brand image and regional
         market competitiveness.

(vii) Industry-leading R&D and technological capabilities
    Haier Smart Home delves into technological innovation to expedite the development of innovation-
    driven productivity that aims for high-end, smart and green upgrade. Leveraging on our industry-
    leading and comprehensive R&D presence, we constantly provide global users with home appliances
    that meet their needs and customise their smart and convenient way of living, thus enriching users’ life
    experience as well as cementing our leading position in high-end brands, scenario brands and
    ecosystem brands.

    •    Leadership in original technologies:

         In 2023, Haier Smart Home adopted an user-oriented approach to tackle users’ pain points with
         continuous innovation efforts, and achieved a series of technological innovations: successfully
         researched and developed the magnetically-controlled chilled technology that saw us become the
         first to create a full-coverage, even and constant magnetic space within the freezer, bridging the
         gap in the industry; originated the first 3D see-through drying technology that can directly
         penetrate cloth surface to gauge the dryness level inside the machine and stop drying when the
         clothes are dry; unveiled the X11 washing machine with the highest energy efficiency standards
         in Europe, with an energy efficiency standard of A-40%; created the first vertical domain model
         for smart home that scooped the highest industry rating of “Double 4+”.

    •    Certification from authorities:

         As of the end of 2023, the Company received a total of 16 State Science and Technology
         Progress Award, more than any other company in the industry. The Company won the Disruptive
         Technology Innovation Competition of the Ministry of Science and Technology for two
         consecutive years, the highest accolade in the industry.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   45
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     (vii) Industry-leading R&D and technological capabilities (continued)
           •      Leadership in patent quality:

                  As of the end of 2023, Haier Smart Home has accumulated more than 103,000 patents
                  applications globally, including more than 67,000 invention patents. The Company also
                  accumulated 12 state patent gold awards, ranking first in the domestic market. In the ‘Global
                  Smart Home Invention Patent Ranking’ in 2023, Haier Smart Home once again topped the list
                  with 6,152 published patent applications, ranking first in the world for the tenth consecutive
                  times.

           •      Leadership in international standards:

                  As of the end of 2023, Haier Smart Home has cumulatively led and participated in the drafting of
                  97 international standards and 678 state/industrial standards. We are the only company in the
                  industry to have participated in smart home standards from international organizations including
                  the IEC, ISO, IEEE, OCF and Matter. We are also the only enterprise in the world to serve on
                  both the IEC Board and the IEC Market Strategy Board, which have enabled the Company to
                  stay actively involved in the formulation of international standards.

           •      Leadership in experience design:

                  Haier won over 600 accolades, including international design awards such as the German IF
                  Design Award and the Red Dot Design Award. The Company won the most international design
                  gold awards in the industry with six in total and won 3 China Excellent Industrial Design Gold
                  Awards from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, which is the only enterprise in
                  China that have earned three consecutive gold awards.




46   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                           Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
(viii) Sustainability
     ①     Global ESG governance structure: Haier Smart Home has established a global ESG governance
           structure, including the ESG Committee of the Board of Directors, the ESG Global Executive
           Office, and the Global ESG Executive Working Group, which provides organisational support for
           the in-depth practice of ESG.

     ②     Green development and low-carbon operation: Haier Smart Home has formulated the “6 Green”
           strategy of green management throughout the entire life cycle, which includes “green design,
           green manufacturing, green marketing, green recycling, green disposal, and green procurement”,
           and promotes green actions throughout the entire life cycle. Haier Smart Home has integrated
           low-carbon, recycling, energy saving and emission reduction into its daily operations to promote
           green upgrading of the industry.

     ③     Social responsibility and charity work: Haier Smart Home actively participates in public welfare
           projects such as the Hope Project, rural revitalisation, and emergency relief on a global scale,
           and continues to give back to society through donations and volunteer services.

     ④     Leading ESG rating: Haier Smart Home has the leading rating among its peers in China in respect
           of the ESG ratings issued by three major organizations, namely CSI, MSCI and Wind, which
           demonstrates its excellent performance in environmental, social responsibility and corporate
           governance.

(ix) Staying committed to the principle of ‘value of people comes first’
     ‘Value of people comes first’ has always been a guiding principle for Haier’s development. From the
     autonomous operation team at the start of the venture to the current ‘Rendanheyi’ (人 單 合 一) model,
     Haier encourages every employee to maximize their own values while creating values for users. In
     Haier’s ‘Rendanheyi’ (人單合一) model, ‘Ren’ refers to creators; ‘Dan’ refers to user value; ‘Heyi’ refers
     to the integration of values realized by employees and the values created for users. ‘Value of people
     comes first’ is the highest purpose of the ‘Rendanheyi’ (人 單 合 一) model.

     Haier Smart Home adheres to the values of recognizing users’ demand as priority and denying our
     own perceptions and is committed to the ‘two creative spirits’ of entrepreneurship and innovation. We
     turned employees into creators, implementers into entrepreneurs, and transformed enterprises into
     open ecosystem platforms, which have supported the Company to become a global leader of smart
     home in the Internet of Things era.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   47
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     Development strategy of the Company
     The Company is committed to become a user-oriented digital enterprise in the IoT era, and become the
     world’s first IoT-based smart home ecosystem brand.

     (1)   Consumer appliance business
           •   Refrigerators and washing machines: The Company is committed to driving technological
               innovation and refining scenario-based solutions to strengthen and expand our leading position in
               the domestic market. We will enhance competitiveness in local markets overseas to increase our
               market share and profitability globally.

           •      Kitchen appliances: In overseas markets, we aim to maintain and expand our leading positions
                  in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand. Domestically, we plan to rapidly increase our
                  market share by enhancing the Casarte product line and optimising home improvement channels.

           •      Emerging product categories: We will accelerate R&D as well as marketing efforts for new
                  product categories such as tumble dryers and dishwashers. We are determined to enter into new
                  business areas, such as lifestyle appliances and cleaning appliances, to keep up with the
                  growing consumer demand for high-quality living.

     (2)   Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) business
           •    Air conditioners: The Company will enhance the R&D of core technologies and refine our product
                lineup to establish professional solution capabilities that lead the industry. By fostering integration
                within the industrial chain and streamlining production processes, we will lower costs and
                improve operational efficiency. In addition, we will strengthen the development of our professional
                sales channels to deliver more convenient and effective customer service.

           •      Water heaters and purifiers: By leveraging our leading position in the water heater industry, we
                  are actively expanding into new product lines, such as whole-house water purification and whole-
                  house heating and cooling systems, to provide comprehensive household water solutions. In
                  overseas markets, we will accelerate business expansion globally by developing products that
                  cater to local market demands, expanding professional sales channels, and establishing localised
                  production bases.




48   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
Development plan for 2024
In 2024, the Company will continue to advance digital transformation. By innovating business models,
operational mechanisms, and organisational platforms, we aim to enhance user experience and operational
efficiency and achieve leadership objectives.

In established businesses such as refrigerators, washing machines, and water heaters, we will concentrate
on product iteration, innovation of scenario-based solutions, and market transformation to expand our
competitive edge in the domestic market; while introducing new high-end products and reinforcing local
market presence to increase market share and enhance profitability in overseas markets.

For growing businesses such as air conditioners, kitchen appliances, and smart buildings, we will enhance
competitiveness by establishing industry-leading R&D systems, improving industrial chain integration, and
actively expanding professional sales channels, to lay a solid foundation for the Company’s long-term
stability and growth.

To enhance our ability to acquire user traffic in the domestic market, we will strengthen our distribution
networks and retail capabilities to boost sales, while establishing an effective system to acquire and
monetize traffic on emerging media platforms like Douyin. We will also roll out the warehouse-to-consumer
model to improve supply chain and ensure prompt fulfilment of consumer demands. The Casarte brand will
undergo a brand enhancement, expand into niche markets, and strengthen its capabilities in product
innovation, retail, marketing, and top-notch services. The objective is to strengthen Casarte’s position as a
leader in the domestic high-end market, increase brand influence, and capture a larger market share.

We will strengthen the SAN YI NIAO model as our core offering, continuously improving its user experience
on home appliance and home furnishing integration, end-to-end digital services, and smart living features.
We aim to boost its sales of home appliance product suites, which would result in higher average ticket
prices and market conversion rates.

For overseas markets, we will focus on driving growth in market share and profitability across different
regions. (1) Develop product iteration systems tailored to local consumer needs, achieving continuous
innovation and upgrades, enhancing competitiveness in high-end markets, and improving price indices and
gross profit margins. (2) Accelerate the localisation of regional supply chains by optimising local production,
warehousing, and logistics processes, to lower costs and increase responsiveness. (3) Drive retail
transformation in distribution networks by enhancing efficiency through digitalisation, and harness cutting-
edge technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence to streamline business operations and enhance
user experience. (4) Foster global collaboration across branding, R&D, procurement, supply chain, and
logistics to optimise global resource allocation, reduce costs and boost efficiency, and bolster global
competitiveness.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   49
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     Potential risks of the Company
     1.    Risk of decreasing market demand due to macroeconomic slowdown. Sales of white goods as durable
           consumer appliances are subject to users’ income levels and their expectations of future income
           growth which will have a certain impact on their willingness to purchase products. A slowdown in
           macroeconomic growth causing a decline in users’ purchasing power will have a negative impact on
           industry growth. In addition, a slowdown in real estate market will also have a negative impact on
           market demand, which will indirectly affect end-user demand for home appliances.

     2.    Risk of price war caused by intensified industry competition. The white goods industry is highly
           competitive with a high degree of product homogeneity. While industry concentration has been on the
           rise in recent years, certain sub-sectors may face increased inventory levels due to supply-demand
           imbalance, potentially leading to risks such as price wars. Additionally, rapid technological
           advancements, a shortage of industry talent, shortened product life cycles and ease of imitation are
           making it increasingly challenging to generate profit. Although new products, services and technologies
           often command higher selling prices, the Company finds itself compelled to invest more in R&D. The
           Company will actively invest in R&D to introduce innovative products and services, thereby attracting
           more users and establishing a lasting brand influence.

     3.    Risk of fluctuations in raw material prices. The Company’s products and core components use metal
           raw materials such as steel, aluminium, and copper, as well as commodities such as plastics and
           foam. If raw materials prices continue to rise, it will put certain pressure on the Company’s production
           and operations. Additionally, the Company relies on third party manufacturers and suppliers for key raw
           materials, components, manufacturing equipment, and OEM suppliers. Any disruption in supply or
           significant price increases by these suppliers will have a negative impact on the Company’s business.
           As a leader in the industry, the Company will take measures including volume & price adjustment
           mechanism as well as hedging to reduce the risk of raw material fluctuations on its operations.

     4.    Operational risks in overseas business. The Company has steadily developed its global business and
           has established production bases, R&D centres, and marketing centres in many parts of the world,
           with the proportion of overseas revenue increasing year by year. Overseas markets are subject to local
           political and economic situations (including events such as military conflicts and wars), legal systems
           and regulatory regimes of those countries and regions. Significant changes in these factors will pose
           certain risks to the Company’s local operations in these markets. The Company has taken various
           measures to mitigate the relevant impacts, including collaborating with suppliers and distributors,
           improving production efficiency to offset the impact on the overall cost of sales, potentially expanding
           the Company’s supply resources to other countries, and adopting safety measures to protect its
           people and assets.




50   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                              Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
Potential risks of the Company (continued)
5.   Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. As the Company expands its global footprint, the import and export
     of the Company’s products involve the exchange of foreign currencies such as the U.S. dollar, the
     Euro, and the Japanese yen. If the exchange rates of the relevant currencies fluctuate, it will have a
     certain impact on the Company’s financial position and increase its financial costs. In addition, the
     Company’s consolidated financial statements are denominated in Renminbi, while the financial
     statements of its subsidiaries are measured and reported in the currency of their primary economic
     environment in which the entity operates and are therefore subject to currency exchange risk. In this
     regard, the Company uses hedging instruments to reduce its exposure to exchange rate fluctuations.

6.   Risk of policy changes. The home appliance industry is closely related to the consumer market and the
     real estate market. Changes in macroeconomic policies, consumption investment policies, real estate
     policies and relevant laws and regulations will affect product demand from distributors, which in turn
     will affect product sales of the Company. The Company will closely monitor changes in the relevant
     policies, laws, and regulations, and make forecasts of market changes, to ensure further development
     of the Company.

7.   Credit risk. There is possibility that the Company will be unable to collect all trade receivables from its
     distributors, or distributors are not able to settle the Company’s trade receivables in a timely manner,
     in which the Company’s business, financial status, and operation performance may be affected. In
     relation to this risk, the Company will maintain flexibility by offering credit period of 30 to 90 days to
     certain distributors based on their credit history and transaction amount.

8.   Inventory risk. Excess inventory might occur as the Company cannot always accurately predict trends
     and events and maintain appropriate inventory levels; thus, the Company may be forced to offer
     discounts or promotions to manage the slow-moving inventory. On the other hand, a shortage of
     inventory may lead to loss of sales opportunities for the Company. However, the Company will
     manage its inventory and adjust according to market situation and will conduct regular impairment
     assessment of its inventory.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   51
     FINANCIAL REVIEW



     In 2023, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB261,422 million, representing an increase of
     7.3% from RMB243,550 million (restated) in 2022. The profit for the year attributable to owners of the
     Company was RMB16,597 million, representing an increase of 12.8% from RMB14,712 million (restated) in
     2022.

     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT
              Items                                              2023             2022            Change
                                                               RMB’M           RMB’M                  %
                                                                             (Restated)


              Revenue
              Household Food Storage and
                 Cooking Solutions
                 — Refrigerator/Freezers                        81,910           77,842               5.2
                 — Kitchen Appliances                           41,654           38,953               6.9
              Air Solutions                                     46,104           40,758              13.1
              Household Laundry Management Solutions            61,492           57,909               6.2
              Household Water Solutions                         15,336           14,134               8.5
              Other Businesses                                  96,718           91,166               6.1
              Inter-segment eliminations                       (81,792)         (77,212)              5.9


              Consolidated revenue                             261,422         243,550                7.3
              Adjusted operation profit*                        17,250          15,014               14.9
              Profit for the year attributable to owners of
                the Company                                     16,597          14,712               12.8
              Earnings per share attributable to ordinary
                equity holders of the Company
                Basic
                — Profit for the year                         RMB1.79         RMB1.58                13.3


                Diluted
                — Profit for the year                         RMB1.78         RMB1.57                13.4




52   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                 Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     The following table summarises the Group’s revenue by geographical location for the periods
     indicated:


                                                                              2023                     2022                  Change
                                                                            RMB’M                   RMB’M                        %
                                                                                                  (Restated)


         China                                                             125,010                  116,791                        7.0
         Other countries/regions                                           136,412                  126,759                        7.6


         Total                                                             261,422                  243,550                        7.3

     *       Adjusted operation profit is defined as profit before taxation less interest income and expenses, exchange gains or losses,
             investment gains or losses, gain on disposal of subsidiaries, government grants and share of profits or losses of associates.


     As at 31 December 2023, the Group had overseas assets of RMB117,712 million, accounting for
     46.5% of the total assets. In 2023, the operating revenue and operating profit of the Group’s overseas
     assets amounted to RMB136,412 million and RMB6,370 million respectively.

     In 2023, the Group’s revenue increased by 7.3% from approximately RMB243,550 million (restated) to
     RMB261,422 million. The Group’s steady revenue growth was driven by: (1) multi-brand strategy and
     extensive product offerings which captured growth opportunities in different market segments; (2)
     overseas market share gains driven by enhanced retail capabilities and product premiumization; (3)
     ongoing transformations of water heater, HVAC and kitchen appliance categories in China, leading to
     improved competitiveness and rapid growth; (4) enhanced user values from strengthened competitive
     edge in solution design, sales and services of San Yi Niao’s scenario-based suite products; (5) the
     development of new product categories including tumble dryers, dishwashers, home cleaning robots
     and heat pumps to capture opportunities in quality living and the low-carbon economy.

     (1)     Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions
             Revenue from the refrigerator/freezers increased by 5.2% from approximately RMB77,842 million
             (restated) in 2022 to approximately RMB81,910 million in 2023. The refrigerator and freezer
             business remained committed to leading the global refrigeration industry in the IoT era. By
             constantly innovating in freshness preservation and built-in technologies, expanding high-end
             products, and strengthening retail transformation, we maintained and advanced our leadership in
             the global refrigeration sector.

             Revenue from the kitchen appliances increased by 6.9% from approximately RMB38,953 million
             (restated) in 2022 to approximately RMB41,654 million in 2023. The kitchen appliance business
             remained committed to becoming the global leader in high-end smart kitchen appliances. By
             innovating product suites, built-in technologies, and smart scenario-based solutions, we
             enhanced in-store experience of smart product suites and grew market share.




                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023       53
     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           (2)    Air Solutions
                  Revenue from the Air Solutions increased by 13.1% from approximately RMB40,758 million
                  (restated) in 2022 to approximately RMB46,104 million in 2023. The home air conditioner
                  business remained committed to becoming a leader in smart and health-conscious whole-house
                  air solutions by focusing on innovating user-centered scenarios, enhancing technological
                  capabilities, and strengthening retail transformation and end-to-end digitalisation, thereby
                  boosting market competitiveness.

                  The smart building business strategically focused on leading the development of smart low-
                  carbon building solutions. By leveraging existing HVAC business, we expanded into heat pumps,
                  energy management, and smart building management, thus seizing the opportunities from energy
                  efficiency standard upgrade and growing demand for clean energy.

           (3)    Household Laundry Management Solutions
                  Revenue from Household Laundry Management Solutions increased by 6.2% from approximately
                  RMB57,909 million (restated) in 2022 to approximately RMB61,492 million in 2023. The laundry
                  care business aimed at becoming the number one choice in the global washing machine sector
                  during the IoT era. We maintained leadership through innovations in garment care, integration of
                  home appliances and furnishing, energy efficiency, and eco-friendly technologies, while expanding
                  new categories including tumble dryers.

           (4)    Household Water Solutions
                  Revenue from Household Water Solutions increased by 8.5% from approximately RMB14,134
                  million (restated) in 2022 to approximately RMB15,336 million in 2023. The water business
                  strategically focused on becoming the global leader in household water heating, cooling, and
                  purification solutions. We achieved steady growth through ongoing innovations in creating health-
                  conscious, high-capacity and comfortable water heater experience, and accelerated development
                  of new products such as water purifiers, softeners, and filters.

           Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Company
           In 2023, the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB16,597
           million, representing an increase of 12.8% from approximately RMB14,712 million (restated) in 2022.




54   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                           Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     Adjusted Operating Profit
     Adjusted operating profit was defined as profit before tax, net of interest income and expenses, net
     foreign exchange gains or losses, investment gains and losses (including dividend income from equity
     instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, return on investment in
     other financial assets), gains on disposal of subsidiaries, government grants and share of profits and
     losses of associates. By excluding these items, it is easier for the management and investors to
     compare the Group’s financial results over multiple periods and analyse the trends of its operations.

     Adjusted operating profit is used as a non-IFRS measure to evaluate the Group’s results of operations.
     This measure provides investors with valuable information of the Group’s ongoing operation
     performance because it reveals its business trends that may be obscured by the net effect of realized
     capital gains and losses, fair value changes on derivative financial instruments, gains and losses on
     disposal of operations and other significant non-recurring or unusual items.

     In 2023, the adjusted operating profit of the Group was approximately RMB17,250 million,
     representing an increase of 14.9% as compared to approximately RMB15,014 million (restated) in
     2022. The increase in adjusted operating profit was mainly attributed to the growth of profits in the
     Group’s various business segments across global markets.

     The following table sets forth the reconciliation between the Group’s adjusted operating profit and
     profit before tax prepared in accordance with IFRS in 2023 and 2022:


                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


      Profit before tax                                                         19,712                 17,791
      Adjustments:
      Bank interest income                                                       (1,447)                  (826)
      Foreign exchange gains                                                       (135)                  (371)
      Government grants                                                          (1,094)                  (767)
      Return on investments in other financial assets                               (51)                  (192)
      Dividend income from an equity investment designated
        at fair value through other comprehensive income                            (59)                    (32)
      Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                               —                        (4)
      Finance costs                                                               2,111                    997
      Share of profits or losses of associates                                   (1,787)                (1,582)


      Adjusted operating profit                                                 17,250                 15,014




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   55
     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           Adjusted Operating Profit (continued)
           Gross Profit Margins
           In 2023, the overall gross profit margin of the Group was approximately 30.9%, increased by 0.3
           percentage points year on year. The domestic market recorded a year-on-year increase in gross profit
           margin, driven by lower commodity prices, digitalisation in procurement and R&D, development of a
           digitalised production and sales coordination system, and enhanced product mix. In overseas markets,
           benefits from improved product mix and production capacity utilisation were offset by intensified
           competition in key regions, resulting in lower gross margin compared to the previous year.

           Selling and Distribution Expenses
           The ratio of selling and distribution expenses of the Group to its revenue was 15.7% in 2023, an
           improvement of 0.1 percentage points compared to 2022. The selling expense ratio in China improved
           year-on-year due to digitalisation which enhanced efficiency in marketing resource allocation, logistics
           distribution, and warehousing operations. Conversely, the selling expense ratio in overseas markets
           increased due to heightened competition, leading to additional spending on retail channel expansion,
           new product promotion, and store upgrades.

           Administrative Expenses
           The ratio of administrative expenses of the Group to its revenue was 8.9% in 2023, which remains the
           same as 2022. On the one hand, the Group streamlined business processes and enhanced
           organisational efficiency by leveraging digital tools, resulting in a 0.1 percentage point optimisation of
           the administrative expense ratio. On the other hand, the Group strengthened core capabilities in smart
           home technologies, advanced technology-driven product innovation across various industries, and
           improved the digital platforms of the San Yi Niao scenario brand, leading to a 0.1 percentage point
           increase in the administrative expense ratio.

     2.    FINANCIAL POSITION
              Items                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                       RMB’M               RMB’M
                                                                                                        (Restated)


              Non-current assets                                                       120,759            105,539
              Current assets                                                           132,621            130,479
              Current liabilities                                                      120,083            118,886
              Non-current liabilities                                                   27,385              22,382
              Net assets                                                               105,912              94,750




56   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                          Financial Review




2.   FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
     Cash and Cash Equivalents and Wealth Management Products from Other Financial
     Assets

     As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s total balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth
     management products from other financial assets increased by 1.7% from RMB55,049 million (restated)
     as at 31 December 2022 to RMB55,995 million as at 31 December 2023. The increase was mainly
     due to net cash inflow from operating activities partially offset by net cash outflow from investing
     activities and financing activities.


       Items                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


       Cash and cash equivalents                                               53,977                 53,392
       Wealth management products from other financial assets
       — Current portion                                                        2,018                   1,657


       Total                                                                   55,995                 55,049


     Net Assets
     The Group’s net assets increased by 11.8% from RMB94,750 million (restated) as at 31 December
     2022 to RMB105,912 million as at 31 December 2023. The net asset increase was mainly driven by
     profit growth during the year.

     Working Capital
     Trade and Bills Receivables Turnover Days
     The Group’s trade and bills receivables turnover days as at the end of 2023 was 38 days,
     representing a decrease of 2 days as compared to the end of 2022. This was mainly due to the
     Group’s effective control over its trade and bills receivables.

     Inventory Turnover Days
     The Group’s inventory turnover days as at the end of 2023 was 82 days, representing an decrease of
     6 days as compared to the end of 2022. This was mainly due to the Group’s effective optimization of
     inventory control and inventory optimization.

     Trade and Bills Payables Turnover Days
     The Group’s trade and bills payables turnover days as at the end of 2023 was 138 days, representing
     a decrease of 7 days as compared to the end of 2022. This was mainly due to the Group’s enhanced
     payment efficiency during the period.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   57
     Financial Review




     3.    CASH FLOW ANALYSIS
              Items                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                  Note               RMB’M                RMB’M
                                                                                                        (Restated)


              Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
                statement of cash flows at the beginning of
                the year                                                              53,392                45,202
              Net cash flow generated from operating
                activities                                                            25,262                20,255
              Net cash flow used in investing activities          (a)                (17,085)                (8,925)
              Net cash flow used in financing activities          (b)                 (7,841)                (3,900)
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                               249                    760


              Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
                statement of cash flows at the end of the
                year                                                                  53,977                53,392


           Net cash inflow from operating activities for the year amounted to RMB25,262 million. Net cash flow
           from operation activities to net profit was 1.51. This was mainly due to increased operating profit and
           enhanced operational efficiency.

           (a)    Net cash outflow from investing activities for the year amounted to RMB17,085 million, representing
                  an increase of 91.4% as compared to last year, with the details as follows:


                     Items                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                                     RMB’M                RMB’M
                                                                                                        (Restated)


                     Payment for purchases of non-current assets                      (9,907)               (8,209)
                     Purchase of wealth management products                           (7,982)                 (110)
                     Net cash outflow for subsidiaries acquisition and
                       disposal                                                         (156)                 (240)
                     Cash from disposal of fixed assets and leasehold
                       land                                                              168                   229
                     Dividend from an associate                                          684                   523
                     Interest received from wealth management
                        products                                                          87                   136
                     Purchase of equity investments designated as at
                        FVTOCI                                                            —                 (1,028)
                     Net cash inflow/(outflow) from other investing
                        activities                                                        21                  (226)


                     Net cash flow used in investing activities                      (17,085)               (8,925)




58   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            Financial Review




3.   CASH FLOW ANALYSIS (continued)
     (b)   Net cash outflow in financing activities for the year amounted to RMB7,841 million, representing
           an increase of 101.1% as compared to last year, with details as follows:


            Items                                                              2023                      2022
                                                                             RMB’M                    RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


            Proceeds from borrowings                                          19,958                    18,380
            Repayment of borrowings                                          (18,423)                  (14,768)
            Repurchase of shares                                              (1,802)                    (2,012)
            Dividend paid to shareholders and
               non-controlling interests                                       (5,278)                   (4,332)
            Interest paid                                                      (1,946)                     (821)
            Lease payment                                                      (1,138)                     (959)
            Cash payment for business combination
               under common control                                               (95)                     (313)
            Change in ownership interests in subsidiaries                         910                         46
            Issue of shares                                                        —                        940
            Net cash outflow from other financing activities                      (27)                       (61)


            Net cash flow used in financing activities                         (7,841)                   (3,900)


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
The Group focuses on cash flow management and has been able to maintain a healthy financial and liquidity
position. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had a current ratio of 1.10 (31 December 2022: 1.10).


 Items                                                                            2023                   2022
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


 Cash and cash equivalents                                                       53,977                 53,392
 Wealth management products from other financial assets                           2,018                  1,657


                                                                                 55,995                 55,049
 Less:
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                                    (28,396)               (26,141)


 Net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
   products from other financial assets                                          27,599                 28,908


As at 31 December 2023, the wealth management products from other financial assets amounted to
RMB2,018 million as compared to RMB1,657 million in 2022.



                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   59
     Financial Review




     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES (continued)
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
     products from other financial assets amounted to RMB27,599 million (31 December 2022: RMB28,908
     million (restated)), representing a decrease of 4.5% as compared to 2022, mainly due to improved returns on
     capital and increased debt investment.

     Among the cash and cash equivalents and the wealth management products from other financial assets
     balance, approximately 72% was denominated in Renminbi and the remaining 28% was denominated in
     Euro, Hong Kong dollars, U.S. dollars, New Zealand Dollars and other currencies.

     As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings amounted to RMB28,396 million
     (31 December 2022: RMB26,141 million (restated)). For details of the interest-bearing borrowings, please
     refer to note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

     In 2023, financial return of cash and cash equivalents and the return on wealth management products from
     other financial assets amounted to RMB1,497 million, representing an increase of 62.9% as compared to
     RMB919 million in 2022, which was mainly due to the enhancement of capital management efficiency.

     The Group will continue to maintain stable liquidity in its operations in 2023 to ensure meeting its working
     capital requirements in the coming year, and also for constructing super factory, as well as maintaining the
     financial flexibility for future strategic investment opportunities.

     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL
     INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
     As of 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any significant investment or future plans for material
     investments or capital assets.

     Future capital expenditure planning: Capital expenditure in China market will mainly focus on, amongst other
     things, smart factory layout and the upgrade of employees’ work environments. Capital expenditure in the
     overseas market will mainly focus on, amongst other things, global supply chain layout and factory
     reconstruction, new product research and development and information technology construction to
     continuously improve overseas operation capacity. Investment capital will be financed through the
     Company’s internal or external capital and debt financing.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM CONVERTIBLE BONDS AND PLACEMENT OF
     SHARES
     On 18 December 2018, the Company issued approximately RMB3,007 million of A-share convertible bonds.
     The net proceeds from the issuance of the convertible bonds (the “Net Proceeds”) amounted to
     approximately RMB2,984 million after deducting the issue costs and other related expenses of approximately
     RMB23 million. As the redemption conditions of the 2019 A-share convertible bonds were satisfied, the
     directors of the Company decided to exercise the redemption right after consideration and approval, and the
     Company has redeemed the balance of the A-share convertible bonds in full. Following the redemption, the
     Company’s convertible bonds were delisted on 17 December 2019. As at 31 December 2022, the A-share
     convertible bonds no longer existed but the funds raised from the issuance of the bonds had not been fully
     utilised and the unutilised Net Proceeds of approximately RMB181 million had been permanently reallocated
     to the Company’s daily working capital. The remaining unutilised working capital of RMB181 million as at
     December 31, 2022 was fully utilised during the year.




60   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                 Financial Review




USE OF PROCEEDS FROM CONVERTIBLE BONDS AND PLACEMENT OF
SHARES (continued)
The Company entered into a placing agreement dated 11 January 2022 with a placing agent in relation to
the placing of new H shares of the Company under a general mandate. The Company intends to further
strengthen its financial position by the placing and the utilization of the net proceeds, which will be primarily
for supporting overseas business expansion and investments in ESG related areas. The share placing was
completed on 21 January 2022. An aggregate of 41,413,600 H Shares of par value of RMB1.00 each were
placed to 5 placees, the ultimate beneficial owners of which are independent third parties and are not
connected with the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price per H Share was HK$28.00
(as compared to the closing price per H Share on 11 January 2022 of HK$32.70). The net proceeds per H
Share based on the estimated expenses was HK$27.77.

The placees were Golden Sunflower, Segantii, PAG Pegasus Fund LP, Janchor and Valliance, which
respectively subscribed for 34,856,200, 2,185,800, 2,176,400, 1,311,400 and 883,800 placing shares, the
consideration of which respectively amounted to HK$975,973,600, HK$61,202,400, HK$60,939,200,
HK$36,719,200 and HK$24,746,400.

The gross proceeds and net proceeds from the placing will be approximately HK$1,159.58 million and
approximately HK$1,149.98 million respectively. The net proceeds from the placing will be used for the
following purposes: (i) 70% for capacity building of overseas industrial parks; (ii) 15% for investments in ESG
(Environmental, Social and Governance) related areas; (iii) 10% for information technology upgrading of
overseas industrial parks; and (iv) 5% for overseas channel building and promotion, which is expected to be
fully utilized by December 2024. The above uses are consistent with the intended uses of the proceeds
previously disclosed by the Company.

A detailed breakdown and description of the net proceeds utilised during the year ended 31 December 2023
is set out below:


                                                      Amount of net
                                                            proceeds
                                                      utilized during      Unutilised
                                         Actual net          the year   net proceeds
                                       proceeds as             ended            as at
                                       at 1 January    31 December      31 December
                                               2023              2023           2023 Related Projects
                                             HK$’M             HK$’M           HK$’M


 Capacity building of overseas               741.17           741.17               — Egypt Industrial Park Project
    industrial parks
 Investments in ESG (Environmental,          172.50               —           172.50
    Social and Governance) related
    areas
 Information technology upgrading of         115.00           115.00               — Factory Informatisation
    overseas industrial parks                                                          Upgrade
 Overseas channel building and                57.50            57.50               — Channel Expansion Project in
    promotion                                                                          Middle East and Africa


                                           1086.17            913.67          172.50



                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   61
     Financial Review




     CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
     The Company assesses its capital expenditure and investments in each business segment of the Group in
     China and the overseas home appliances and smart home business from time to time. The capital
     expenditure during the year was RMB9,907 million (2022: RMB8,209 million (restated)), in which RMB4,825
     million and RMB5,082 million was mainly used in China and overseas respectively for the construction of
     plant and equipment, property rental expenses, and investment of information infrastructure.

     GEARING RATIO
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s gearing ratio (defined as total borrowings (including interest-bearing
     borrowings and lease liabilities) divided by net assets of the Group) was 30.9%, as compared to 31.5% for
     2022. This was mainly due to increased total assets attributable to net profit growth.

     TREASURY POLICIES
     The Group adopts a prudent approach for its cash management and risk control. Due to the global
     presence of our business, our results of operations are affected by foreign exchange rate movements, both
     on a transactional and translation basis.

     The Group is primarily exposed to movements in the Renminbi, our reporting currency, against US dollar
     and, to a lesser extent, Euro and Japanese Yen. The translational effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise
     because the financial results of the Group’s subsidiaries are measured in the currency of the primary
     economic environment in which they operate (its functional currency). The results of operations of our global
     subsidiaries are, therefore, measured in currencies other than Renminbi and are then translated into
     Renminbi for the presentation of our financial results in the consolidated financial statements. Consequently,
     fluctuations in the applicable foreign currency exchange rates may increase or decrease the Renminbi value
     of our non-Renminbi assets, liabilities, revenues and costs, even if their value has not changed in their local
     functional currency.

     The transactional effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise when one of the Group’s subsidiaries enters into
     a sale or purchase transaction in a currency other than its functional currency. The principal source of
     transaction risk arises from the fact that most of our costs are measured in RMB, while most of our sales
     are invoiced in other currencies (including US dollar, Euro and Japanese Yen). The Group attempts to match
     costs and revenues along the value chain in the local markets in the same currency, creating a natural
     hedge for some of the transaction risks. The Group also uses forward foreign exchange contracts to
     mitigate its transactional exchange rate exposure.

     CAPITAL COMMITMENT
     The Group’s capital commitments contracted but not yet provided for amounted to RMB3,225 million as at
     31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: RMB4,008 million), which were mainly related to the Group’s
     domestic and overseas factories construction projects.




62   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                Financial Review




CHARGE OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s trade and bills receivables with a net carrying value of RMB34 million
(31 December 2022: RMB80 million (restated)) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank loans.

In addition, as at 31 December 2023, certain of the Group’s bills payable were secured by the pledge of the
Group’s bank deposits amounting to RMB407 million (31 December 2022: RMB642 million) and the Group’s
bills receivable amounting to RMB4,357 million (31 December 2022: RMB8,715 million).

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
At the end of the reporting period, neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent
liabilities.

RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, REMUNERATION POLICY
Under the management model of “RenDanHeYi”, the Company adheres to the remuneration concept of
integrating user pay, value creation and value sharing. The Company provides employees with a short-,
medium- and long-term remuneration incentive system combining labour salaries, which are reviewed
annually, along with discretionary performance bonuses, share options and share award schemes, as well as
all-rounded welfare policies and employee caring schemes. The Company encourages employees to perform
their duties with an entrepreneurial mindset, and align employee value with company value and shareholder
value, so as to continuous improve user experience and create a win-win situation in the development of
both the Company and its employees. For details of the director’s remuneration policy, please refer to
section of remuneration and appraisal committee in the Corporate Governance Report.

The total number of employees of the Group increased by 2.6% to 112,458 as at 31 December 2023 from
109,586 as at 31 December 2022.

RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The Group values its customers and suppliers as major partners and stakeholders. A healthy and
competitive partnership network is fundamental to the Group’s success.

In China, we serve our customers through a comprehensive omni-channel sales network consisting of offline
and online channels. Our offline sales and distribution network in China primarily consists of the following: (i)
our franchised stores and their extended sales network, (ii) national chain store retailors (being Suning and
Wuxing), (iii) regional chain store retailors, and (iv) other sales channels selling to our business partners. We
also offer our products through online channels including: (i) directly selling to end-customers through our
own Haier Smart Home App or B2C platforms such as our flagship store on Tmall.com, and (ii) selling our
products to B2B2C channels such as JD.com.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   63
     Financial Review




     RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS (continued)
     All of our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores and online B2B2C platforms are
     independent third parties. Our relationship with our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores
     and online B2B2C platforms is in essence a buyer and seller relationship. They are our customers and they
     do not act on our behalf when dealing with their respective end customers, and we have no management
     control over their daily operations or their inventories level. Our franchisees, national chain stores, regional
     chain stores and online B2B2C platforms place orders with us when and to the extent they deem
     appropriate. We monitor their sales performance and provide marketing guidance to them. Based on their
     sales performance, we may consider enhancing, weakening or even terminating our cooperation relationships
     with our retailors and distributors. In general, our relationships with our major franchisees, national chain
     stores, major regional chain stores and major online B2B2C platforms have remained stable. There was no
     material non-compliance with the terms and conditions of our agreements with them.

     North America and Europe are our two largest overseas markets and a substantial part of our overseas
     sales are made through local retailors. We also sell our products through online channels. We have
     established stable business relationship with our retailors and other customers. In the North America, we
     have maintained good collaboration with them through various kinds of branding, sales, marketing and
     promotion activities, which does not only enhance the sale of our products, but also promotes our brand
     recognition among the consumers covering various demographical groups. In Europe, our principal sales
     channels cover retail stores and e-commerce platforms. Similar to our approach in the North America, we
     also strategically select our retailors in Europe based on various criteria including market share, market
     positioning, and reputation of the customers, in order to maximise the reach of our products to consumers.
     We maintain stable business relationship with our online and offline customers.

     Through our information feedback system, customer feedback is sent to the suppliers in real time and is a
     key part of the suppliers’ key performance indicator in their on-going evaluations. For overseas suppliers,
     their performance is also closely monitored by the local teams in accordance with the requirements set forth
     in the agreement, as well as the local customs.

     Prospective suppliers can register on our online platform. Once registered, a supplier will be vetted for its
     business, product quality, technical capabilities, and social responsibilities, among other criteria. Once a
     supplier has been approved, it is added to the pool of pre-qualified suppliers and becomes eligible to bid for
     the relevant orders from us. The orders are posted on our online platform and open to suppliers for bidding.
     We strive to make the bidding process transparent and fair for all of the participating suppliers. Once the bid
     is selected, the supplier will sign a contract with us and officially becomes our supplier. The suppliers’
     performance can be rated by the customers through the same online platform. Based on the customers’
     feedback, the system can automatically adjust and optimise the supply strategies.

     We typically seek to enter into long-term agreements with our strategic suppliers. For other suppliers, the
     agreements are generally renewed annually. The payment terms for our suppliers vary, but the typical
     payment period for suppliers is “3+6” in China, meaning that we serve our suppliers with banker’s
     acceptances with a term of six months after an initial credit period of three months. We typically do not
     have a fixed and standard payment period for suppliers in our overseas markets.




64   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                              Financial Review




MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
On 14 December 2023, the Group announced that it entered into an equity transfer agreement with Carrier
Global Corporation, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange of the United States of America
(“Carrier Group”), to acquire, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, the commercial refrigeration business of
Carrier Group at a cash consideration of approximately US$640 million (equivalent to approximately
RMB4,559 million, with the final consideration amount subject to adjustments at completion). As at the date
of this report, such transaction is pending approval or consent by the relevant domestic and overseas
government authorities.

Saved as disclosed herein, the Group did not make any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries
associates and joint ventures during the reporting period.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
According to the resolution of the 9th meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Directors of the
Company held on 27 March 2024, the profit for the year is proposed to be distributed on the basis of the
total number of shares on the record date after deducting the repurchased shares from the repurchased
account. The Company declared cash dividend of RMB8.04 (including taxes) for every 10 shares to all
shareholders.

DIVIDENDS
The Board proposes the distribution of the final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023 of RMB8.04
in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax), totaling approximately RMB7.47 billion based on the current
total issued capital, net of repurchased shares but not yet cancelled. This dividend represented
approximately 45.02% of the profit attributable to the owners of the Company. Where the total share capital
of the Company changes before the registration date for the implementation of the equity distribution, it is
expected to maintain the total distribution unchanged and adjust the distribution ratio per share accordingly.

This dividend distribution proposal shall be subject to the consideration and approval at the Company’s
2023 annual general meeting, and the final dividend is expected to be distributed to shareholders in two
months from the 2023 annual general meeting.

Dividends for D-Shares and H-Shares shall be paid in foreign currencies. According to the Articles of
Association of the Company, the applicable rate of exchange shall be average exchange rate (medium rates)
for converting Renminbi into foreign currencies as quoted by The People’s Bank of China for a week
immediately prior to the announcement of dividend.

Notice of the 2023 annual general meeting will announce the date of the 2023 annual meeting of the
Company and details of relevant book closure of H Shares, as well as the arrangement of book closure of H
Shares for the final dividend.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   65
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) and the management (the “Management”) of Haier
     Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) recognise that sound corporate practices are crucial to the efficient
     operation of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) and the safeguarding of our
     shareholders’ interests. In this regard, the Board gives high priority to enhance the Company’s corporate
     governance standards with emphasis on transparency, accountability and independence in order to enhance
     the long-term value of our shareholders.

     The Company has complied with the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provision(s)”) and principles
     under the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange”) during the year ended 31 December 2023 except for certain deviations as described
     below. The Board shall review its code from time to time to ensure its continuous compliance with the
     Code. This report describes the Company’s corporate governance practices, explains its applications of and
     deviations from the Code (if any), together with considered reasons for such deviations (if applicable).

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Composition
     As at 31 December 2023, the Board comprised two Executive Directors (Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman) and
     Mr. GONG Wei), three Non-executive Directors (Mr. YU Hon To, David, Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun and Ms. SHAO
     Xinzhi) and four Independent Non-executive Directors (Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun, Mr. WONG Hak Kun, Mr. LI
     Shipeng and Mr. WU Qi) (the “INED(s)”).

     The Board has at least one-third in number of its members comprising INEDs throughout the year. The
     Company has also fulfilled the requirements of the composition of the Company’s audit committee,
     remuneration committee and the nomination committee under the Listing Rules.

     At least one of the INEDs possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
     management expertise under Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules. The Directors are well-versed in respective
     areas such as accounting and finance, business management and industry knowledge and the Board as a
     whole has achieved an appropriate balance of skills and experience. The chairman of the Board and the
     nomination committee will review the composition of the board from time to time so as to enhance it for
     meeting the strategic objectives of the Company. The Directors’ biographical details are set out on pages 12
     to 16 of this annual report.

     To the best of the Company’s knowledge, there is no financial, business, family or other material/relevant
     relationship(s) among the Board members and the supervisors. All of them are free to exercise their
     independent judgment on all matters concerning the Company.

     The Articles of Association of the Company (“Articles of Association”) have stated clearly the procedures for
     the appointment of new directors, re-election and removal of directors. Under the Articles of Association, the
     Board may from time to time to nominate a director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the
     Board, subject to the election at the next following general meeting of the Company.

     Non-executive Directors of the Company are all elected by the general meetings, with term of office of three
     years, which are renewable upon re-election and reappointment.



66   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board diversity policy
The Company recognizes that Board diversity will help improve corporate governance, increase the efficiency
of the Board, reduce management and control risks and make better decisions, thereby achieving the
sustainable and healthy development of the Company.

When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will take into full consideration the Board
diversity, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, regions,
professional experience, skills, knowledge and service terms of Directors as well as other regulatory
requirements.

Appointments of Board members will be made on a merit basis and requirements for Board diversity will be
fully considered, with a focus on evaluating which skills, experience, and diverse viewpoints and
perspectives the candidates can bring to the Board, and how they can contribute to the Board.

The Nomination Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising and reporting to the Board
matters concerning diversification of the Board members; working out the composition of the Board
members, evaluating the professional experience, skills, knowledge and other diverse factors required by the
Board, and making recommendations to the Board; searching for and nominating Director candidates and
reporting the same to the Board for approval; supervising the appointment made by the Board; and ensuring
that the recruitment and selection from the Board to common staff proceed according to proper
procedures.

The Company shall establish and implement relevant plans to develop a broader and more diverse pool of
skilled and experienced employees, so that, in time, their skills will prepare them for senior management and
board positions.

The Nomination Committee will consider and, if appropriate, set measurable objectives to implement the
Board diversity policy and review such objectives to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress
made towards achieving those objectives. The Nomination Committee of the Company will be responsible for
monitoring the implementation of the Board diversity policy, evaluating the diversity of the Company every
year and reviewing the Board diversity policy as appropriate, discussing any revisions required, and making
recommendations to the Board for approval before implementation.

The achievements made from above Board diversity measures during the transition from the 10th session of
the Board to the current 11th session of the Board included the followings:

The current 11th session of the Board, commenced from June 2022, comprises of nine Directors, including
two executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors. In
particular, there are two female Directors, accounting for 22.2%, an increase of 13.2 percentage points as
compared to the percentage of female Directors (9%) in the previous 10th session of the Board; and four
independent Directors, accounting for 44.4%, an increase of 8.1 percentage points compared to the
previous 10th session of the Board (36.3%). Members of the Board of Directors have extensive knowledge
and experience in industry experience, Internet of Things, corporate governance, global market experience,
financial management and risk management, which will help the Board of Directors to make the best
decisions for the sustainable and healthy development of the Company.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   67
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board diversity policy (continued)
     The Board had achieved and maintained to have two female Directors in the current 11th session of the
     Board. The Board considers that current gender diversity has met the diversity policy of the Company and
     has met the requirement stipulated in the relevant Listing Rules.

     The Company will continue to maintain gender diversity on the Board, and the Nomination Committee will
     proactively consider the increase in the proportion of female members when selecting and making
     recommendations on suitable candidates for Board membership. Through the Board diversity policy, the
     annual assessment by Nomination Committee on Board structure, and the measures for ensuring gender
     diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level, the Company could develop a pipeline of potential
     successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity.

     The Company had 112,458 employees from about 50 countries around the world, including 39,512 overseas
     employees. Details break-down by gender at the end of reporting year are as follows:


                                                                                       Male             Female
                                                                                  employees           employees


       Percentage of employees by gender                                                71.6%              28.4%
       Percentage of senior management by gender                                        90.0%              10.0%


     The Group had targeted to increase the ratios of female members in senior management and the overall
     workforce. For instance, GE Appliances, one of the major overseas subsidiaries of the Company, has set a
     target to achieve the ratio of female members in workforce to 40% by 2025 (currently the ratio is 33%). The
     Board considers that current gender diversity in senior management and the overall workforce have met the
     business needs.

     Based on business development and operational needs, the Company will take into full consideration of the
     factors when recruiting its employees, including skills, age and gender diversity, and will strive to achieve a
     balanced proportion of our employee in skills, age and gender.

     Corporate strategy
     The Board awares and understands the Group’s purpose, values, mission and long term strategic business
     plans, reflects this understanding on the related key issues discussions and satisfies that these and the
     Company’s culture are aligned. The Chairman of the Board organises meetings and regularly presents the
     Group’s values, mission and long-term strategic business plans to members of the Board as well as key
     management of local and overseas subsidiaries.




68   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Delegation by the Board
The Directors are collectively responsible for setting the Group’s strategies, providing leadership and
guidance to put them into effect, reviewing and monitoring the performance of the Group and are
accountable to the Company’s shareholders. To maximise the effectiveness of the Group’s operations, the
Board has delegated management and administration of the Group’s daily operations to the Executive
Directors, chief executive officer (“CEO”) and the Management while reserved several important matters for
its approval. To this end, the Articles of Association of the Company have set out the division of functions
between the Board and the Management (including the Executive Directors and the CEO).

The major functions of the Board and the Management are summarized as follows: The Board is principally
responsible for:

1.   determining the Company’s business plans and investment schemes;

2.   formulating the Company’s annual budgets and final accounts;

3.   formulating the Company’s profit distribution plan and plan for covering losses;

4.   formulating the Company’s plans for increase or reduction of registered capital, issuance of bonds or
     other securities and listing plan;

5.   formulating the Company’s plans for significant acquisition, merger and acquisition, division, dissolution
     and change of corporate form;

6.   determining establishment of the Company’s internal management mechanisms;

7.   determining establishment of the Company’s basic management rules and the plans for amendment of
     the Articles of Association;

8.   any other functions and powers accorded by laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and
     the listing rules of the place where the securities of the Company are listed or the Articles of
     Association or other authorities granted by the shareholders’ general meeting; and

9.   subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules and other regulations, approving transactions in which
     connected person(s) (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company is/are considered having material
     interests.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   69
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Delegation by the Board (continued)
     The Management is principally responsible for:

     1.    exercising all such other powers and performing all such other acts as may be exercised and performed
           by the Directors, save and except for those that may specifically be reserved by the Board and/or the
           committees set up by the Board for decision and implementation; or those that may only be exercised
           by the Board pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and other regulations in the PRC, the Articles
           of association, the Listing Rules, the Hong Kong Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-
           backs;

     2.    presiding over production and operation management of the Company, organizing implementation of
           Board resolutions and reporting to the Board of Directors on their work;

     3.    organising the implementation of the Company’s annual business plans and investment plans;

     4.    formulating plans for establishment of internal management mechanisms of the Company;

     5.    formulating basic management rules, and specific rules and regulations of the Company;

     6.    determining the appointment or dismissal of management personnel other than those whose appointment
           or dismissal be decided by the Board of Directors; and

     7.    monitoring the executions of the continuing connected transactions between connected person(s) (as
           defined in the Listing Rules and other regulations) and the Company to ensure their compliance with
           the relevant rules and regulation.

     The Board reviews those arrangements on a periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the
     needs of the Group.




70   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)
Under code provision C.2.1 of the Code, the roles of chairman and CEO should be separated and should
not be performed by the same individual. Since 28 June 2022, Mr. LI Huagang (“Mr. LI”), an Executive
Director, had served as the chairman and also the CEO of the Company. Mr. LI has been the CEO of the
Company since April 2019 and has assumed the role of chairman since 28 June 2022 when Mr. LIANG
Haishan retired as chairman of the Company.

The Board has continued reviewing the separation of chairman and CEO. After evaluation of the situation of
the Company and taking into account the experience and past performance of Mr. LI, the Board is of the
opinion that it is appropriate and in the best interests of the Group for Mr. LI to hold both positions as the
chairman and CEO of the Company as it helps to maintain the continuity of the policies and the stability of
the operations of the Group. It also helps to promote the efficient formulation and implementation of the
Company’s strategies which enabled the Group to seize business opportunities efficiently and promptly. The
Board comprising a vast majority of non-executive Directors who also meets regularly on a quarterly basis to
review the operations of the Group and to consider other major matters affecting the business of the Group.

Accordingly, the Board believes that this arrangement would not have negative influence on the balance of
power and authorizations between the Board and the management of the Company. In addition, through the
continuing supervision of the Board and its independent non-executive Directors, checks and balances
continue to exist so that the interests of the shareholders are continued to be adequately and fairly
represented.

Independent Non-executive Directors (the “INED”)
The INEDs have the same duties of care and skill and fiduciary duties as the Executive Directors. They are
expressly identified as such in all corporate communications that disclose the names of the Directors.

The INEDs are experienced professionals with expertise in areas of accounting and finance, and business
management. With their professional knowledge and experience, the INEDs advise the Company on its
operation and management; provide independent opinions on the Company’s connected/continuing
connected transactions and other material transactions; participate in the Company’s Audit Committee
meetings, Remuneration and Appraisal Committee meetings, Nomination Committee meetings, Strategy
Committee meetings and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee meetings. The INEDs also
contribute to provide adequate checks and balances so as to protect the interests of the Company, to
enable the interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole are adequately and fairly represented, and to
promote the development of the Company.

No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements is granted to INEDs.

The chairman meets the INEDs at least once annually without the presence of other Directors to discuss any
topics they consider necessary.

The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the INEDs pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all INEDs independent as at the date of this report.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   71
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Supply of and access to information
     Newly appointed Directors will receive induction packages relating to the duties and responsibilities of
     directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

     All the Directors are briefed and updated from time to time on the latest legislative and regulatory
     developments, and they receive, in a timely manner, adequate information which is accurate, clear, complete
     and reliable to ensure that they are fully aware of their responsibilities under the Listing Rules, the Company
     Law of the PRC, the Articles of Association of the Company and other applicable legal and regulatory
     requirements.

     In order to ensure that their duties can be properly discharged, the Directors are entitled to seek advice
     from independent professional advisers whenever deemed necessary by them at the Company’s expense.

     Professional development
     The Directors paid significant attention to enhance their knowledge and expertise so as to discharge their
     duties and responsibilities more effectively. The Company would organize in-house training sessions for
     newly appointed directors which are conducted by professionals relating to the duties and responsibilities of
     directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

     During the year, all Directors have fully observed the Code Provision C.1.4 and have attended various
     relevant training programmes which include:

     (i)     In-house seminars sessions on topics relating to the business development of the Company;

     (ii)    In-house seminars, conducted by professionals, for updates on changes on relevant laws and regulations
             of the places of listing;

     (iii)   Participation and/or as speakers in relevant conferences and seminars organized by various external
             organizations relevant to the business or directors’ duties, for update on corporate governance, and for
             enhancing their business expertise; and

     (iv)    Private study of materials relevant to the director’s duties and responsibilities.

     During the year, all Directors received regular updates on the Group’s business, operations, risk
     management, corporate governance matters, and changes on relevant laws and regulations applicable to the
     Group.

     During the year, the Company Secretary of the Company have taken no less than 15 hours of relevant
     professional training.




72   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board meetings
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board held five meetings to review and approve, among
other things, the 2022 annual results, 2023 interim and quarterly results; to discuss and review the strategic
transactions, connected transactions and other assets restructure plans; to discuss and review the share
based award proposals such as the Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), the Restricted Share Unit
Scheme (RSU), and the Share Option Incentive Scheme; to discuss and propose various resolutions for
shareholders’ general meetings. The Company’s board meetings (the “Board Meeting(s)”) are permitted to be
held by means of telephone or other means of electronic communication.

Sufficient notices are served and comprehensive information is provided to the Board members in advance
of all the Board Meetings in order to enable them to make informed decisions on all matters transacted at
the Board Meetings.

The proceedings of the Board Meetings are conducted by the Chairman of the Board or another Executive
Director who ensures that sufficient time is allowed for discussion among the Directors and equal
opportunities are being given to the Directors to express their views and share their concerns.

The Board Secretary and the Company Secretary attends the Board Meetings to advise Directors on
corporate governance practices, and statutory compliance, accounting and financial issues whenever
deemed necessary by the Board.

Board minutes are prepared for recording all matters transacted and resolved at the Board Meetings. Draft
and final versions of the Board minutes are sent to all Directors for their comments and records. Also, the
minutes of Board Meetings as well as meetings of Board committees are recorded in sufficient details of the
matters considered and decisions made, including concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views
expressed. All the Board minutes are also kept by the Board Secretary and are open for inspection by the
Directors.

The Company has mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. This was
achieved through the Board diversity and the appointment of independent directors. In June 2022, the
Company completed the transition to the current 11th session of the Board, further enhancing the
independence of the Board. The new Board comprises of 4 independent Directors, accounting for 44.4% of
the Board, an increase of 8.1 percentage points compared to the previous term (36.3%). All of the
independent Directors of the Company are experienced professionals with expertise in accounting, finance
and business management. In 2023, the independent Directors of the Company perform specific duties in
accordance with the Articles of Association and the listing rules of the places of listing, including
participating in the meetings of the special committees of the Company and advising the Company on its
operation and management; providing independent advice on connected transactions, profit distribution plans
and other significant transactions of the Company. By discharging their duties as mentioned above, the
independent Directors help to protect the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and to
promote the development of the Company. The chairman of each of the Company’s special committees
(except the Strategy Committee and ESG Committee) is an independent Director. The number of
independent Directors in the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Assessment Committee, the
Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee accounts for one-half or more of the total number of
committee members.



                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   73
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board meetings (continued)
     The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the Board Meetings during the year ended
     31 December 2023:


                                                                                                 No. of the
                                                                                           Board Meetings
                                                                                             attended/held


       Executive Directors:
       Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman)                                                                         5/5
       Mr. GONG Wei                                                                                      5/5

       Non-executive Directors:
       Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)                                                                   5/5
       Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                              5/5
       Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                                                                                5/5

       INEDs:
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                 5/5
       Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                  5/5
       Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                    5/5
       Mr. WU Qi                                                                                         5/5


     It is challenging to arrange the board meetings that fits in with the tight and busy schedules of all the
     Directors. To enable all the Directors to keep abreast of the Group’s latest development and to discharge
     their duties properly, the Board Secretary and the Company Secretary would brief the Directors on those
     matters transacted at the board meetings that they are unable to attend.




74   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors
The Company has adopted a model code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors (the
“Model Code”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
Listed Issuers set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Upon enquiry by the Company, all Directors and
Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard as set out
in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2023.

In addition, the Board has adopted written guidelines (the “Employees’ Guidelines for Securities
Transactions”) for securities transactions by employees (the “Relevant Employees”) who are likely to be in
possession of unpublished price sensitive information of the Company on no less exacting terms than the
Model Code. Having made specific enquiries of all the Relevant Employees, the Company confirmed that all
the Relevant Employees had complied with the required standards as set out in the Employees’ Guidelines
for Securities Transactions throughout the year ended 31 December 2023.

Board Committees
The Board has established an Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”), a Remuneration and Appraisal
Committee (the “Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”), a Nomination Committee (the “Nomination
Committee”), a Strategy Committee (the “Strategy Committee”) and a Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee (the “ESG Committee”) (collectively the “Committees”) to oversee specific aspects of the
Company’s affairs. The Committees report to the Board regularly, and have been provided with sufficient
resources to discharge their respective duties. To reinforce independence, the chairmen of the Committees
other than the Strategy Committee and the ESG Committee are INEDs. Each of the Committees has
adopted specific terms of reference covering its duties, powers and functions which will be reviewed by the
Board from time to time. The Board Secretary also acts as secretary of the Committees. The Committees
adopt as far as practicable, the procedures and arrangement of the Board Meeting in relation to the
conduct of meetings, notice of meetings and recording of minutes. Further particulars of each of the
Committees are set out below:

(1)   Audit Committee
      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Audit Committee comprised five members throughout
      the year. The members are as follows:

      Mr. WONG Hak Kun;
      Ms. SHAO Xinzhi;
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun;
      Mr. YU Hon To, David; and
      Mr. WU Qi

      The Audit Committee was chaired by Mr. WONG Hak Kun. Mr. WONG, Mr. YU and Ms. SHAO
      possess the required accounting expertise. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee (as revised)
      are available on the respective websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   75
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (1)   Audit Committee (continued)
           The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to ensure the objectivity and credibility of financial
           reporting, to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of
           the Group’s external auditors and review of the Company’s financial controls, internal control and risk
           management systems. Each member of the Audit Committee has unrestricted access to the Group’s
           external auditor and the Management.

           During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Audit Committee held five meetings to review with the
           management the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and to discuss financial
           reporting matters including the review of 2022 annual results and 2023 interim and quarterly results of
           the Group, review the adequacy of resources, accounting staff qualifications and experience, training
           programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions, review of the
           internal control procedures, the connected transactions and the continuing connected transactions,
           review of the significant transactions of the Group, review the reappointment of external auditors, and
           review the terms of reference of the Audit Committee, and other related issues.

           There is no disagreement between the Board and the Audit Committee regarding the selection,
           appointment, resignation or dismissal of external auditor. The annual results for the year ended
           31 December 2023 were also reviewed by the Audit Committee.

           The Board also has adopted the arrangement for employees of the Company to raise genuine
           concerns, in confidence, about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other
           matters in the Company and its subsidiaries. The Audit Committee monitors the execution of this
           arrangement.

           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Audit Committee during the year ended
           31 December 2023:


                                                                                                 No. of Audit
                                                                                          Committee meetings
                                                                                              attended/held


              Non-executive Directors:
              Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                          5/5
              Ms. SHAO Xinzhi                                                                               5/5

              INEDs:
              Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                              5/5
              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                             5/5
              Mr. WU Qi                                                                                     5/5




76   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee currently comprises three members including:

      Mr. LI Huagang;
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun; and
      Mr. LI Shipeng

      The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is chaired by Mr. CHIEN Da-chun, an INED. The terms of
      reference of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (as revised) are available on the respective
      websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      The primary duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to make recommendations to the
      Board on policies and structures of all remuneration of the Directors and senior management. Each of
      the Directors has not involved in the determination of his/her own remuneration.

      The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
      Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
      Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with
      reference to the Company’s performance, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or
      contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises basic
      salaries, pensions and discretionary bonuses. The remuneration for non-executive Directors and
      independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that non-executive Directors and Independent Non-
      executive Directors are adequately compensated for their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s
      affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for the non-executive
      Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises Director’s fees which are
      determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities and are subject to shareholders’ approval
      at general meetings.

      During the year ended 31 December 2023 the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held five
      meetings. At the meetings, members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee reviewed and
      made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration proposals and the performance based
      structures of the Directors and senior management, including the share based award proposals such
      as the 2023 A-share and H-share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), and the 2023
      H-share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (RSU). The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considered
      these proposals by taking into account the factors such as remuneration packages and benefits
      offered by comparable companies, the respective contribution of each of the Directors and senior
      management to the Group and the business objectives of the Group. The Remuneration and Appraisal
      Committee also considered the execution reports of incentive schemes (Core Employee Stock
      Ownership Plan and A-share Option Incentive Scheme) in relation to the assessment of the Executive
      Directors and senior management.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   77
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (continued)
           Particularly, in approving the 2023 share award and share option scheme, the Remuneration and
           Appraisal Committee has reviewed the material matters including (i) appropriateness of the number of
           share awards and share options to be granted; (ii) vesting period of no less than 12 months; (iii) plan
           of exercise or vesting which is linked with performance targets to be fulfilled by participants. There are
           no unusual or exceptional features in the share award and share option scheme that are contradictive
           with the relevant rules for which special approval from the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are
           required.

           The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee has adopted the model that it will review the proposals
           made by the Management on the remuneration of Executive Directors and senior managements with
           reference to the Board’s corporate policies and objectives, and make recommendations to the Board.
           The remuneration plans or proposals mainly include but not limited to performance appraisal criteria,
           procedures and key appraisal system, and major incentive and penalty plans and systems. The Board
           will have final authority to approve the recommendations made by the Remuneration Committee.

           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
           during the year ended 31 December 2023:


                                                                                            No. of Remuneration
                                                                                                   and Appraisal
                                                                                            Committee meetings
                                                                                                   attended/held


              Executive Director:
              Mr. LI Huagang                                                                                   5/5

              INEDs:
              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                5/5
              Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                   5/5


           Refer to note 13(b) to the consolidated financial statements for the details of remuneration payable to
           key management personnel (excluding Directors) of the Group by band.




78   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(3)   Nomination Committee
      The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members including:

      Mr. LI Huagang;
      Mr. LI Shipeng; and
      Mr. WU Qi

      The Nomination Committee was chaired by Mr. WU Qi, an INED. The terms of reference of the
      Nomination Committee (as revised) are available on the respective websites of the Company and the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      The Nomination Committee is responsible for formulating nomination policy and making
      recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors, senior management and
      Board succession. It also develops selection procedures of candidates for nomination, reviews the
      structure, size and composition of the Board and assesses the independence of the INEDs. The
      Company has provided the Nomination Committee sufficient resources to perform its duties.

      Nomination procedures include identification and acknowledgement of qualified individuals by the
      Nomination Committee and review and approval of such nomination by the Board. The Nomination
      Committee shall proactively communicate with the Company’s relevant departments, examine the
      Company’s demand for new directors and senior managers. The selection criteria for Directors are that
      the candidates must have substantial experience in business relevant to the Company, or in corporate
      management, or in relevant profession and must be able to contribute effectively to the objectives of
      the Company. In identifying suitable candidates for appointment to the Board, the Nomination
      Committee will consider candidates on merit against objective criteria (such as professional expertise,
      relevant experience, personal ethics etc.) and with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the
      Board. Any committee member may propose suitable candidates for directorship for discussion and
      approval by the Nomination Committee, after which the Board will consider and, if proper, approve
      such nomination. Director thus selected is subject to election by the Company’s shareholders in the
      next general meeting or next annual general meeting, as appropriate, according to the Articles of
      Association of the Company.

      The Nomination Committee monitors the execution of the Board diversity policy of the Company.
      Selection will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to, professional
      experience, business experience and insight, skills, know-how, gender, age, cultural and educational
      background, ethnic and length of services. It will review the Board diversity policy as appropriate and
      recommend any revisions to the policy to the Board for consideration and approval if necessary.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   79
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (3)   Nomination Committee (continued)
           During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. At the
           meeting, members of the Nomination Committee have reviewed the composition of the Board and
           diversity of the Board.

           The Nomination Committee discussed and agreed the measurable objectives for achieving diversity on
           the Board and recommended them to the Board for adoption. The Nomination Committee assessed
           the composition and diversity of the Board on objectives of offering relevant industry experience and
           business skill to the Board for the Company’s strategic business developments, while maintaining
           diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group’s business.

           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Nomination Committee during the year
           ended 31 December 2023:


                                                                                         No. of Nomination
                                                                                        Committee meetings
                                                                                             attended/held


              Executive Director:
              Mr. LI Huagang                                                                              1/1

              INEDs:
              Mr. WU Qi                                                                                   1/1
              Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                              1/1




80   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(4)   Strategy Committee
      The Strategy Committee currently comprises four members including:

      Mr. LI Huagang;
      Mr. LI Shipeng;
      Mr. WU Qi; and
      Mr. GONG Wei

      The Strategy Committee is chaired by Mr. LI Huagang.

      The purpose of the Strategy Committee shall be to prepare recommendations for the Board in fulfilling
      its responsibilities relating to the study of the Company’s long-term development strategy, major
      investment decisions and shareholders’ return plan.

      The primary responsibilities and authorities of the Strategy Committee include:

      (I)     to study the Company’s long-term development strategy plans and make recommendations;

      (II)    to study major investment and financing programs which requires to be approved by the Board
              of Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

      (III)   to study major capital operation and assets management projects which requires to be approved
              by the Board of Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

      (IV)    to study shareholders’ return plan of the Company and make recommendations;

      (V)     to study other important matters affecting the Company’s development and make
              recommendations;

      (VI)    to review the implementation of the above matters;

      (VII)   to handle other matters as authorized by the Board.

      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Strategy Committee held one meeting. At the meeting,
      members of the Strategy Committee have discussed and reviewed the status of execution of the
      Company’s development strategy, and made recommendations to the Board.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   81
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (4)   Strategy Committee (continued)
           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Strategy Committee during the year
           ended 31 December 2023:


                                                                                            No. of Strategy
                                                                                         Committee meetings
                                                                                             attended/held


              Executive Directors:
              Mr. LI Huagang                                                                               1/1
              Mr. GONG Wei                                                                                 1/1

              INEDs:
              Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                               1/1
              Mr. WU Qi                                                                                    1/1


     (5)   Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
           The Company has established the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (“ESG
           Committee”) to better implement the ecological brand strategy of the Company in the age of the
           Internet of Things, integrate the idea of “Social, Environmental and Corporate Governance” into the
           corporate strategy, promote sustainable development, generate long-term value for all stakeholders and
           build a green, intelligent and mutual beneficial ecosystem of the Internet of Things.

           The ESG Committee currently comprises three members including:

           Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun;
           Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun; and
           Mr. GONG Wei

           Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun serves as the chairwoman of the ESG Committee.




82   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(5)   Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (continued)
      The ESG Committee serves as the specific working body for evaluating the Company’s working
      progress on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities and the risks and
      opportunities it faces, and for formulating the Company’s ESG vision, goals and strategies. The ESG
      Committee strives to improve and enhance the Company’s capabilities of managing environment and
      social responsibilities, and to promote the sustainable development of the Company. The ESG
      Committee also promotes the ESG risk management practices and internal control enhancements, and
      provides direction for the work of the Company’s ESG task force.

      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the ESG Committee held two meetings. At the meeting,
      members of the ESG Committee have discussed and reviewed the Company’s 2022 ESG report,
      discussed ESG goals, strategies and other related matters, and made recommendations to the Board.

      The following table shows the attendance of members of the ESG Committee during the year ended
      31 December 2023:


                                                                                              No. of ESG
                                                                                      Committee meetings
                                                                                          attended/held


       Executive Director:
       Mr. GONG Wei                                                                                         2/2

       Non-executive Director:
       Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                                                                                   2/2

       INED:
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                    2/2


Corporate Governance Function
The primary corporate governance duties of the Board are to develop and review the Company’s policies
and practices on corporate governance; to review and monitor the training and continuous professional
development of Directors and senior management; to review and monitor the Company’s policies and
practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review and monitor the code of
conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and to review the
Company’s compliance with the code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

During the year, the Board have developed and reviewed the Company’s corporate governance practices,
including the review of the Company’s Articles of Association, terms of reference of the various board
committees, and various internal policies and rules based on the recent changes of regulatory requirements.
The Board also reviewed the process in upgrading the internal controls and risk management.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   83
     Corporate Governance Report




     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company’s communication policy for shareholders is summarized as follows:

     The Company follows a policy of disclosing relevant information to shareholders and the investment
     community in a timely manner, and will regularly review this policy to ensure its effectiveness. Information
     shall be communicated to shareholders and the investment community mainly through the Company’s
     quarterly, interim and annual financial reports, and general meetings that may be convened, as well as by
     making available all the disclosures submitted to the stock exchanges where the securities are listed, and its
     corporate communications and other corporate publications on the Company’s website.

     Effective and timely dissemination of information to shareholders and the investment community shall be
     ensured at all times. Shareholders and the investment community may at any time, e.g. at the investors
     meetings and discussions or via enquiry emails, etc., express their views or make a request for the
     Company’s information to the extent such information is publicly available.

     The Company’s website provides comprehensive and updated information about the Company, including our
     financial results, announcements, circulars, composition of the Board or Board Committees and their
     respective terms of reference, and other corporate documents such as the articles of the Company.

     The annual general meeting (“AGM”) provides an opportunity for communication between the Board and the
     Company’s shareholders. The Company ensures that shareholders’ views are communicated to the Board.
     The chairman of the AGM proposes separate resolutions for each issue to be considered. Circulars to
     Shareholders provide information on matters that require to be brought to the attention or action of
     shareholders, such as appointments of Directors, amendments to the articles of the Company, matters
     relating to poll voting at annual general meetings, etc.

     AGM proceedings are reviewed from time to time and revised (if needed) to ensure that the Company
     follows the best corporate governance practices.

     The Company has reviewed the implementation of the shareholders’ communication policy conducted during
     the year ended 31 December 2023 and considered it effective based on the following achievements:

     It is the Company’s practice to provide an explanation to shareholders of the details of the voting by poll
     procedures in the general meetings in accordance with the Articles of Association and the relevant listing
     rules of the places where it securities are listed. The poll results of the general meetings are also published
     on the websites of the Company and/or of the stock exchanges where the securities are listed. The Board
     regards general meetings as one of the principal channels of communication with our shareholders and the
     Directors provide detailed and complete answers to questions raised by the shareholders in the general
     meetings in accordance with the relevant rules and regulations.

     The Board attaches great importance to investor relations management and provides a variety of
     communication channels for investors. It maintains positive interaction with investors through annual investor
     conferences, online collective reception day for investors, emails, on-site and online surveys and other
     means to protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors. The management of the Company and its
     investors had extensive exchanges on issues of concern to investors, such as corporate governance,
     operating conditions, development plan and strategies, and ESG information, based on public information,
     and received active participation from its investors.



84   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
(continued)
In respect of information disclosure, to protect the interests of investors and other stakeholders, in particular
small and medium-sized shareholders, the Company strictly complied with the domestic and overseas
information disclosure regulatory requirements and fulfilled its information disclosure obligations. During the
reporting period, in addition to providing high-quality mandatory information disclosure, the Company has
also provided voluntary disclosure of key issues of concern to investors and the capital market, such as
corporate strategy and development, corporate governance matters, and ESG information. The Company
continues to enhance the disclosure, which have been highly rated by external organizations.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company held four general meetings, including the annual
general meeting, one A-shares class meeting, one D-shares class meeting, and one H-shares class meeting.
In these general meeting and class meetings, various resolutions were passed.

The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the general meetings held during the year
ended 31 December 2023:


                                                                                                    No. of the
                                                                                             General meetings
                                                                                                attended/held


 Executive Directors:
 Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman)                                                                                      4/4
 Mr. GONG Wei                                                                                                   4/4

 Non-executive Directors:
 Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)                                                                                4/4
 Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                                           4/4
 Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                                                                                             4/4

 INEDs:
 Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                              4/4
 Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                               4/4
 Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                                 4/4
 Mr. WU Qi                                                                                                      4/4


During the year ended 31 December 2023, there have been no changes in the Company’s constitutional
documents.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   85
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Procedures by which Shareholders may convene a special general meeting
     Shareholders requesting the convening of an extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting
     shall proceed in accordance with the procedures set forth below:

     (1)   Two or more shareholders who hold, in aggregate, 10% or more of the shares carrying the right to vote
           at the proposed meeting may sign one or several written requisitions of the same format and contents,
           requesting the Board of Directors to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class
           shareholders’ meeting. The agenda of the proposed meeting shall be stated therein. The Board of
           Directors shall convene the extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting responsively
           after receipt of the aforesaid written requisition(s). The number of the aforesaid shares shall be
           calculated as of the date on which the requisition(s) is/are made.

     (2)   Where the Board of Directors gives consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting, a notice
           on convening of the extraordinary general meeting or the class shareholders’ meeting shall be issued
           within 5 days from such decision, and the changes made to the original request in the notice shall be
           approved by relevant shareholders.

     (3)   Where the Board of Directors does not give consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting
           or does not issue a feedback within 10 days upon the receipt of the requisition(s), the shareholders
           holding 10% or more of the Company’s shares separately or in aggregate shall have the right to
           propose to the Board of Supervisors on convening of an extraordinary general meeting and such
           proposal shall be made to the Board of Supervisors in writing.

     (4)   Where the Board of Supervisors gives consent for convening an extraordinary general meeting, a notice
           on convening of the extraordinary general meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon the receipt of the
           requisition(s) and the changes made to the original request in the notice shall be approved by relevant
           shareholders.

     (5)   Where the Board of Supervisors fails to issue a notice of a shareholders’ general meeting within the
           stipulated period, the Board of Supervisors shall be deemed as not convening and chairing the
           shareholders’ general meeting, and the shareholders who hold 10% or more of the Company’s shares
           individually or jointly for 90 or more consecutive days may proceed to convene and chair a
           shareholders’ general meeting on their own initiative.




86   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures by which Shareholders may convene a special general meeting (continued)
(6)     If the shareholders’ general meeting is convened by the Board of Supervisors or shareholders on their
        own, a written notice shall be issued to the Board of Directors, and such meeting shall be filed with
        the stock exchange of the place where the securities of the Company are listed.

(7)     Prior to the announcement of the resolutions passed by the shareholders’ general meeting, the
        shareholding percentage of the shareholders who convene the meeting shall not be less than 10%.
        Shareholders who convene the meeting shall publish an announcement no later than the issuance of
        notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and undertake that their shareholding percentage shall not
        be less than 10% during the period from the date of proposing the convening of the shareholders’
        general meeting to the convening date of the shareholders’ general meeting. The shareholders who
        convene the meeting shall submit the relevant supporting materials to the stock exchange of the place
        where the securities of the Company are listed at the time of the issuance of notice of the
        shareholders’ general meeting as well as of the announcement of the resolutions passed by such
        meeting.

Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
Shareholders may put forward enquiries to the Board through the Board Secretary, Company Secretary and
the representative of our office in Germany who will direct the enquiries to the Board for handling. Such
enquiries can be made by the following means:

Mail:           Board Secretary
                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                Board of Directors Building,
                Haier Industrial Park,
                1 Haier Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao City, the PRC

Email:          finance@haier.com

Mail:           Company Secretary
                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                Unit 1908, 19/F, Harbour Centre,
                25 Harbour Road Central,
                Wan Chai, Hong Kong

E-mail:         ir@haier.hk




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   87
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
     Procedures for putting forward proposals at a Shareholders’ meeting
     When the Company decides to convene a shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board
     of supervisors and shareholders severally or jointly holding 1% or more of the shares of the Company shall
     be entitled to put forward proposals to the Company.

     The shareholders severally or jointly holding 1% or more of the shares of the Company may raise interim
     proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days prior to the convening of the shareholders’
     general meeting. Where shareholders subject to the conditions as mentioned above raise interim proposals
     before the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting, their shareholding proportions shall not be less
     than 1% during the period from the date of the issuance of notice on proposals to the announcement of the
     resolutions. The convener shall, within 2 days after the receipt of such proposals, issue a supplemental
     notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the interim proposals. (note *)

     Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director
     When the Company needs to elect a director, the shareholders of the Company may nominate a person for
     election as a director of the Company at the shareholders’ general meeting (including annual general
     meeting and extraordinary general meeting) to be convened then according to the Articles of Association of
     the Company (“Articles of Association”).

     1.       According to Article 84 of the Articles of Association, the shareholders’ general meeting may exercise
              the following functions and powers: (II) to elect and replace directors and supervisors who are not
              employee representatives, and to decide on the remuneration matters of the relevant directors and
              supervisors; (X) to amend the Articles of Association and deliberate proposals put forward by
              shareholders who represent 1% or more of the Company’s voting shares.

     2.       According to Article 96 of the Articles of Association, when the Company decides to convene a
              shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and shareholders that
              severally or jointly hold 1% or more of the shares of the Company shall be entitled to put forward
              proposals to the Company. The shareholders that severally or jointly hold more than 1% of the
              Company’s shares may raise interim proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days
              prior to the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting. The convener shall, within 2 days after the
              receipt of such proposals, issue a supplemental notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and
              announce the contents of the interim proposals. (note*)




     Note*:   Certain proposed amendments on the Company’s Articles of Association as stated in the Company’s relevant announcement dated
              27 March 2024 have been reflected herein, which are subject to the approval of the annual general meeting to be held on June
              2024.




88   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director (continued)
3.   According to Article 101, Article 136 and Article 194 of the Articles of Association, the election of
     directors and supervisors shall comply with the following provisions:

     (I)     The list of candidates for directors and supervisors shall be presented in the form of a proposal
             at a shareholders’ general meeting for voting.

     (II)    Upon the expiration of the term of office of the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors or
             in need of replacement of directors or supervisors due to vacancies within the Board of Directors
             or the Board of Supervisors, the shareholders, individually or jointly, holding 3% or more of the
             total number of the outstanding shares with voting rights of the Company may recommend
             candidates for directors or supervisors to the Board of Directors in writing. Upon the Board of
             Directors’ or the Board of Supervisors’ review and examination, if the candidates comply with the
             provisions by law and the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors or the Board of
             Supervisors shall submit the candidate list, curriculum vitae and basic information in the form of
             a proposal to the shareholders’ general meeting for deliberation and election. Upon the expiration
             of the term of office of the Board of Supervisors or in need of replacement of supervisors due to
             vacancies within the Board of Supervisors, supervisors previously held by the employee
             representatives of the Company shall still be replaced or by-elected through democratic election
             among the Company’s staff and workers.

     (III)   Where a shareholders’ general meeting proposes to discuss election matters of directors and
             supervisors, the notice of the shareholders’ general meeting shall fully disclose the detailed
             information of the proposed candidates for directors and supervisors.

     (IV)    The Company’s Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors and shareholders who hold 1% or more
             of the issued shares of the Company, individually or jointly, may nominate candidates for
             independent directors, who will be decided through election by the shareholders’ general
             meeting. The agreement of the nominee shall be obtained before the nominator nominates him/
             her as an independent director. The nominator shall be fully aware of such details of the
             nominee as occupation, educational background, title, work experience, all concurrent positions
             etc., and shall express his/her/its opinions on the nominee’s qualifications for holding the position
             of independent director and his/her/its independence. The nominee shall make a public
             statement that no relationship exists between himself/herself/itself and the Company that could
             affect his/her/its independent and objective judgments. The Board of Directors of the Company
             shall make the aforementioned information public in accordance with regulations before the
             holding of the shareholders’ general meeting at which the independent director is to be elected.




                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   89
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
     Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director (continued)
     3.    According to Article 101, Article 136 and Article 194 of the Articles of Association, the election of
           directors and supervisors shall comply with the following provisions: (continued)

           (V)    When a shareholders’ general meeting votes on the election of directors and supervisors, the
                  cumulative voting method may be implemented pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of
                  Association or the resolution of a shareholders’ general meeting. The cumulative voting system
                  referred to in the preceding paragraph shall mean that when a shareholders’ general meeting
                  elects directors or supervisors, each share shall have the same number of voting rights as the
                  number of directors or supervisors to be elected and the voting rights held by a shareholder may
                  be used together. The Board of Directors shall announce the curriculum vitae and basic
                  information of candidates for directors and supervisors to the shareholders before the holding of
                  the shareholders’ general meeting.

           (VI)   Where the shareholders’ general meeting has passed the proposal on the election of the relevant
                  directors and supervisors, the newly-elected directors and supervisors shall take office on the
                  date when the resolution is passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, unless otherwise
                  resolved by the shareholders’ general meeting.

     INSURANCE
     The Group has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to indemnify the Directors and
     senior staff of the Group for their potential liabilities incurred by them in discharging their duties. The Group
     reviews the insurance coverage for the Directors and the Group’s senior staff on an annual basis.

     POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
     The Company has implemented a proactive and flexible dividend policy. Future profit distributions may be
     carried out in the form of cash dividends or stock dividends or by interim cash profit distributions. The
     dividend policy shall maintain consistency and stability. In case that the legal conditions as mentioned below
     for both cash dividends and stock dividends are satisfied, cash dividends shall prevail.

     The Company’s dividend policy shall be determined by the Board of Directors based on the business
     development and performance of our Company and will be subject to the approval of the shareholders’
     general meeting.

     Subject to the satisfaction of conditions for cash dividend distribution provided in the PRC Company Law,
     the Company shall in principle pay cash dividend once each fiscal year. The Board of Directors may
     propose to pay an interim profit distribution depending on the profitability and capital reserve of our
     Company. In addition, the Board of Directors may put forward a stock dividend distribution proposal in
     addition to cash dividend after considering factors such as our Company’s performance, share price, share
     capital scale and debt structure.




90   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS (continued)
The Company expects that, in the future, the principal source of profits for the payment of dividends will be
income from its operating business, and dividends and other payments received from current and future
direct and indirect subsidiaries. The determination of each subsidiary’s ability to pay dividends is subject to
applicable law.

On the basis of the unconsolidated financial statements of the Company and subject to PRC law, the
Articles of Association and the Company’s capital needs for normal production and operation, planned
investments and other significant capital outlays, the annual cash dividends shall, in principle, account for at
least 20%, and contingent upon each year’s performance, not less than 15% of the Company’s net profits
for the prior fiscal year which are available for distribution and attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
the Company, calculated in accordance with PRC GAAP.

After the completion of the Privatisation Proposal of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. and with the
improvement in the efficiency of capital use and operating capacity, the Company plans to gradually
increase the dividend rate to 33%, 36% and 40% for 2021, 2022 and 2023 to enhance the return of all
shareholders.

From 2024 to 2026, the proportion of dividend to profit (consolidated profit attributable to owners of the
Company) to be distributed in cash each year shall be gradually increased. In 2025 and 2026, the
proportion of cash dividends shall not be less than 50% of the net profit (subject to the approval of the
annual general meeting of the Company to be held on June 2024).

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing financial statements of the Group in accordance
with relevant statutory requirements and generally accepted accounting principles and ensuring that the
financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position. In preparing the financial
statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023, the Directors have adopted suitable
accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent and
reasonable; and prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.

The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report of this Annual Report.

The Board aims to present a comprehensive, balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
development and prospects in all corporate communications, including but not limited to annual, interim and
quarterly reports, any price sensitive announcements and financial disclosures required under the relevant
listing rules of the places where its securities are listed and other regulations, any reports to regulators as
well as to information required to be disclosed pursuant to other statutory requirements.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Group is committed to implementing and maintaining effective risk management and internal controls
procedures to identify and manage the risks faced by the Group, as well as to safeguard the interests of the
Group and our shareholders as a whole. The Board would ensure that adequate resources and management
attention will be devoted to strengthen its internal controls and risk management procedures.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   91
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
     The Board is responsible for overseeing adequate internal controls and risk management procedures in the
     Group, reviewing their effectiveness on an on-going basis, and ensuring the Management has clearly defined
     the authorities and key responsibilities of each business and operational unit for adequate checks and
     balances. The Board has delegated to the Management the design, implementation and monitoring of the
     Group’s risk management and internal control systems covering all material aspects, including financial,
     operational, ESG, risk management functions and in compliance with all relevant regulations. Such systems
     are designed to manage the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and provide reasonable, but not
     absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     The Board is also responsible for ensuring that the Management has discharged its duty to have an effective
     internal control system in terms of the adequacy of resources, qualification and experience of staff of the
     Company’s finance reporting and internal audit functions, as well as these relating to the Company’s ESG
     performance and reporting and their training programme and budget.

     Control Environment
     —     Risk awareness and control responsibility are built into the company culture and are regarded as the
           foundation of risk management and internal control systems;

     —     An effective internal audit function is maintained which is independent from operational management;

     —     Whistleblowing Guideline of the Company is in place.

     Internal Auditing Function
     In response to the broadening of the Group’s scope of business activities and the increase in geographical
     locations in which it operates, to face the challenges of the fast growing trend of new business and the
     related financial and operational risks, the Group has continuously strengthened the functions of its Internal
     Audit Department. It provides independent and objective assurance, and consulting activity designed to add
     value and improve Company’s operations. It helps the Group in accomplishing its objectives by bringing a
     systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and
     governance processes.

     The Internal Audit Department also provides independent and reasonably assurance that the internal controls
     system is effective and efficient. In order to carry out its functions, the Internal Audit Department is given
     unrestricted access to all business operations and personnel, all business files and accounting records. The
     head of the Department reports directly and regularly to the Audit Committee and CEO respectively on the
     findings of audit matters. The work schedule of the Internal Audit Department is based on an annual audit
     program reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee.




92   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
Risk Management
An enterprise-wide risk assessment with the Management and key-process owners had been institutionalised
to identify major risks of all levels and to review the effectiveness of the key controls and mechanisms in
place. It is intended that the risk management framework would be able to raise risk-awareness within senior
management such that a safeguarding culture of the Group’s business and assets is to be developed and
implemented.

The Internal Audit Department of the Company plays a significant role in the risk management execution.
Major risks of all levels facing the Group are identified and evaluated, and the management ultimately
reviewed the identification and evaluation of these risks. Based on these procedures, mitigation measures
and plans with respect to each key risk identified are developed and implemented, which include
establishing or enhancing internal controls, with regular review and update so as to mitigate the risks to
controllable range. The process of the work performed are reported regularly to the Audit Committee and
the Board on their scheduled meetings.

Control Process
The Company recognizes that the assessment of the internal control system is an on-going process, and
management enhancements are required to address deficiencies in internal controls over operations,
compliance on regulations including listing rules of the places where the securities are listed, and financial
and non-financial reporting.

There is a clearly-defined management structure with specified authority limits and segregated responsibilities
to achieve business control objectives and safeguard of assets. Guidelines and approval limits for operating
and capital expenditures are set clearly in advance, with division of operations and with financial personnel
responsible for the different approval processes. An internal budget system as well as expense system have
been used to enhance the controls and effectiveness embedded in the approval process. Detective controls
are also in place as safeguards on business and operational processes.

The Internal Audit Department establishes an annual internal control review plan for major internal control
systems covering areas including operational control, financial control and compliance control (including
review of controls on continuing connected transactions). The review tasks on various internal controls are
prioritized in accordance with the risk level assessed, or where significant changes have been taken place,
or where new businesses have been set up.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Internal Audit Department has conducted a review of the
effectiveness of Group’s internal control procedures on the major business and operational processes.
Findings and recommendations for further improvements have been reported to the Audit Committee as well
as Board. Such recommendations have been or are being implemented by the Management with regular
review.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   93
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
     Review of Control Effectiveness
     The Audit Committee reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems by
     reviewing the internal control assessment report of the Internal Audit Department at lease twice in a year.
     The Board has, through the Audit Committee, reviewed and considered that for the year ended
     31 December 2023, the Group’s risk management and internal control systems were effective and
     adequate.

     As part of the audit of the financial statements, the external auditors have issued their standard unqualified
     report on their audit of the Company’s internal control on financial reporting system.

     Inside Information
     The Company has adopted the following procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination
     of inside information:

     (i)     the Company keeps updated on the obligations under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, the
             applicable listing rules and other statutory regulations with regard to the timely and proper disclosure
             of inside information and authorizes the disclosure through the publication of announcements as
             required;

     (ii)    the Company implemented an Inside Information Disclosure Policy which the Company’s spokespersons
             have to strictly follow in communicating with the public;

     (iii)   the Company adopted a Model Code for securities transactions by Directors, and by employees who
             are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company on no less exacting
             terms than that for the Directors; and

     (iv)    the Company included in the employee conduct code that unauthorised uses of confidential and inside
             information are strictly prohibited.

     ANTI-CORRUPTION
     Haier Smart Home strictly complies with the laws and regulations in China and other overseas places of
     operations related to anti-bribery, anti-fraud, anti-extortion and anti-money laundering. The Company has
     formulated and strictly implemented the Code of Commercial Conduct of Haier Group, the Anti-fraud
     Regulations, the Employee Code of Conduct of Haier Smart Home, the Management Policy of Black List of
     suppliers and other related policies in the world. The Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and
     supervising the Company’s policies and measures that are related to compliance of laws and regulations.

     The Company has set up an anti-fraud working committee in 2022 comprising of staff of internal control,
     legal and various business lines to perform anti-corruption and anti-malpractice tasks, actively promoted the
     development and implementation of anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and other systems related to
     commercial ethics. We regularly identify commercial ethics risks, carry out specialised anti-corruption audits
     and report to and are monitored by the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, and strive to create an
     honest and ethical business environment.




94   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




ANTI-CORRUPTION (continued)
The Company continues to optimize the Anti-fraud Regulations, improve the functions of each department in
the audit of anti-corruption, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering, strengthen the early risk management, put
forward the requirement to strengthen self-detection capabilities, and upgrade the internal control system
and the measures to promote anti-fraud, as well as further enhance risk identification. Meanwhile, we apply
our big data cloud monitoring system to conduct early risk warning and investigation, regularly identify and
sort out fraud risks at all levels of the Company, including factories, industries and platforms, identify risks in
business scenarios through risk audits, and facilitate governance and mitigation of risks through establishing
various mechanisms.

REMUNERATION OF EXTERNAL AUDITORS
The domestic and overseas auditors of the Company for 2023 were Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP
and HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the annual audit fees and non-audit fee payable/paid by the
Group to Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP was RMB6.55 million and RMB2.23 million, respectively.
The non-audit services mainly included internal control review service.

The audit fees and non-audit fee payable/paid by the Group to HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited were
RMB3.74 million and RMB0.15 million, respectively. The non-audit services mainly included review of the
continuing connected transactions.




27 March 2024




                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   95
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended
     31 December 2023.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to be engaged in smart home business in
     China and overseas, evolving around a comprehensive portfolio of home appliances established over the
     years, covering primarily refrigeration appliances, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances and
     water appliances, with value-added consumer services. There was no significant changes in the nature of the
     Group’s principal activities during the year. The principal activities of the Company also includes investment
     holding.

     Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance,
     including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group and an indication of the
     Group’s likely future developments, can be found in the Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Business
     Review and Financial Review set out on pages 5 to 11 and 20 to 65 of this Annual Report. Such
     information forms part of the Report of The Directors.

     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
     The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the Group’s financial position as at that date
     are set out in the financial statements on pages 141 to 295.

     The Directors of the Company recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December
     2023 of RMB8.04 (2022: RMB5.6692 (adjusted)) in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax).

     SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
     last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
     appropriate, is set out on page 296. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment, and investment properties of the Group during
     the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in notes 14 and 15 to the financial statements, respectively.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out
     in note 35 to the financial statements.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions in the relevant PRC laws and the Company’s Articles of Association for granting
     pre-emptive rights to the Company’s existing shareholders.




96   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                  Report of the Directors




PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY
Repurchases of H-Shares
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company repurchased certain of its ordinary H-Shares on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and these shares were subsequently cancelled by the Company.
The summary details of those transactions are as follows:


                                    Number of
                                     H-Shares                Price per share                     Total price
 Months                           repurchased             Highest          Lowest                       paid
                                                             HK$             HK$                     HK$’M


 May 2023                             4,260,000              24.50               22.75                 100.75
 June 2023                            4,223,600              24.00               22.15                  98.39


                                      8,483,600                                                        199.14


The issued capital H-Shares of the Company was reduced by the par value thereof. The premium paid on
the repurchases of the Company’s H-Shares of RMB173 million has been charged to the share premium
account of the Company. The repurchase of the Company’s H-Shares during the year was effected by the
Directors, pursuant to the mandate from shareholders sought at the annual general meeting and the class
meetings held on 28 June 2022 regarding the repurchases of H-Shares.

The Directors made the repurchases when the H-Shares were trading at a discount to their underlying value
so as to flexibly adjust the capital structure of the Company based on market conditions. It would be
beneficial to the Company’s shareholders who retain their investment in the Company as their proportionate
interest in the assets and earnings of the Company would increase in proportion to the number of H-Shares
repurchased by the Company.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   97
     Report of the Directors




     PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
     COMPANY (continued)
     Repurchases of A-Shares
     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company repurchased certain of its ordinary A-Shares on
     The Shanghai Stock Exchange. The summary details of those transactions are as follows:


                                                  Number of
                                                    A-Share          Price per share            Total price
       Months                                   repurchased       Highest          Lowest              paid
                                                                     RMB             RMB           RMB’M


       January 2023                                     712,900     26.85           24.10             18.79
       May 2023                                      17,572,600     22.50           21.20            387.69
       June 2023                                      8,275,000     23.90           21.35            191.45
       July 2023                                      5,820,700     23.35           22.65            133.57
       August 2023                                       50,000     23.55           23.55              1.18
       September 2023                                 8,691,252     24.50           23.58            207.96
       October 2023                                   1,720,100     22.20           22.05             38.06
       November 2023                                 10,268,300     22.62           21.72            228.41
       December 2023                                 10,869,400     21.52           20.15            224.84


                                                     63,980,252                                    1,431.95


     The repurchases of the Company’s A-Shares during the year was effected by the Directors, pursuant to a
     board resolutions passed on 30 March 2022 and 27 April 2023 regarding the repurchase of A-Shares. The
     A-shares repurchased will be used in the Company’s share incentive plans.

     A total of 63,980,252 A-Share were repurchased during the year but not yet cancelled, of which 25,117,000
     A-Share have been transferred to the A-Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan during July 2023. The
     balance of A-Share repurchased but not yet cancelled as at end of year is 38,863,252 shares, and will be
     used in other share incentive plans of the Company.

     Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any
     of the Company’s listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2023.

     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in note 47
     to the financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.




98   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                    Report of the Directors




DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
At 31 December 2023, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the
provisions of the Company Law of the PRC, amounted to approximately RMB7.48 billion, of which RMB7.47
billion has been proposed as a final dividend for the year.

ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Board of Directors is the highest responsible and decision-making body for ESG matters of the
Company. Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (ESG Committee) is to assist the Board with
ESG governance and information disclosure issues. The Board regularly assesses, prioritizes and manages
ESG issues (including risks and materiality to the Company’s business). It also regularly reviews the results
of the assessment, identifies ESG issues material to the Company’s development, be aware of management
actions and recommendations taken.

The ESG Committee is responsible for developing an effective ESG strategy that aligns the Company’s ESG
objectives with its business objectives, and for continuously reviewing and improving the Company’s ESG
performance. The Board reviews the strategy on a regular basis to verify and ensure its alignment with the
Company’s growth strategy. The ESG Executive Leadership Team, comprising senior executives from various
departments, reports regularly to the ESG Committee on ESG issues within the Company. The Team is
responsible for implementing the Company’s ESG policy and reporting to and advising the ESG Committee.
The Company has established ESG goals related to its business operations, and the Board has reviewed
and discussed the establishment and the progress of these goals. We have made continual progress for
each ESG work target as planned.

Since joining the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), we have closely integrated our ESG strategy with
the practice of the United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), committing to uphold
the Ten Principles of the Global Compact grounded on United Nations Conventions, and continuously
achieving ESG leadership.

For Haier Smart Home, ESG serves as an important guide in achieving high-quality and sustainable
development. In 2023, the Company further enhanced our ESG strategy framework based on our business
characteristics and industry context. We established five key pillars and future actions, using them as a
roadmap to actively engage in sustainable development. Aligned with the core pillars of our ESG strategy,
we have formulated ESG targets for 2022–2024 and are taking proactive steps to facilitate their
achievement.

Further discussions on above are in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which are issued
separately.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   99
      Report of the Directors




      COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
      The Board is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with
      legal and regulatory requirements, with the assistance of the Internal Audit Department, the Legal
      Department and the Board Secretary office of the Company. The Company has in place compliance
      procedures to ensure adherence to the laws and regulations that are relevant to the Group.

      We are of the view that, the Group had complied, in all material respects, with all relevant laws and
      regulations in the jurisdictions we operate in during the year. Particularly, our business operated in the PRC
      territory complied with relevant PRC laws and regulations in all material respects, and no material
      administrative penalties imposed on us have been found that may have a material adverse effect on our
      Group’s business operations. We have cultivated a culture of compliance by implementing various measures
      and processes to ensure that the behaviour of our employees meets compliance requirements and our
      compliance culture is embedded into our everyday workflow.

      The Group’s staff are regularly briefed and updated from time to time on the relevant changes in laws and
      regulations so as to enhance their awareness of compliance obligations.

      MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
      In the year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of the
      total sales for the year. Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of
      the total purchases for the year.

      During the year ended 31 December 2023, Haier Group Corporation, the substantial shareholders of the
      Company, had beneficial interests in one of the Group’s five largest suppliers.

      Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders of the
      Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued
      share capital had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.




100   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                 Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS
The Directors of the Company during the year were:

Executive directors:                                 Independent Non-executive directors:
Mr. LI Huagang                                       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
 (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)              Mr. WONG Hak Kun
Mr. GONG Wei                                         Mr. LI Shipeng
                                                     Mr. WU Qi
Non-executive directors:
Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)
Mr. YU Hon To, David
Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun

These nine Directors compose the 11th session of the Board of the Company. The term of the 11th session
of the Board of the Company would be three years. The term of office for each Director has been effective
upon the consideration and approval at the annual general meeting of the Company convened on 28 June
2022. Each of the Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company. Each Director would
receive a director fee before tax of RMB320,000 per year.

The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of Mr. CHIEN Da-chun,
Mr. WONG Hak Kun, Mr. LI Shipeng and Mr. WU Qi, and as at the date of this report, the Board still
considers them independent on the basis of such confirmations.

DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company and the senior management of the
Group are set out on pages 12 to 19 of the annual report.

CHANGES OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
There is no changes of Directors’ information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules since the publish of the Company’s 2023 interim report.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
During the year, no Director or Supervisors had a service contract with the Company or any of its
subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation,
other than statutory compensation.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   101
      Report of the Directors




      PERMITTED INDEMNITY
      A Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance is in place to protect the Directors and officers of the Group
      against any potential liability arising from the Group’s activities which such directors and officers may be
      held liable.

      DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
      The Directors’ fees are subject to shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are
      determined by the Company’s Board with reference to Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance
      and the results of the Group. Details of directors’ remuneration are set out in notes 8 and 13 to the
      financial statements.

      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
      ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
      Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, no director or supervisor nor a
      connected entity of a director or supervisor had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
      transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company,
      the holding companies of the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a
      party during the year.

      DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
      Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, none of the Directors is interested in any
      businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
      Group.




102   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                      Report of the Directors




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
CEO IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
At 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive in
the share capital and underlying shares (“Share(s)”) of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, were as follows:

Long positions in shares of the Company:

                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                    Approximate percentage* of
                                                                                                  percentage* of shareholding
                                                                                                    shareholding interest in the
                                                                                                  interest in the    total share
                                                 Class of          Number of Nature of            relevant class capital of the
    Names                Positions               Shares held      Shares held interest                 of Shares       Company

    Mr. LI Huagang       Chairman of the         A Share               919,710 Beneficial owner          0.0146%           0.0097%
                           Board, Executive      H Share               812,145 Beneficial owner          0.0284%           0.0086%
                           Director and Chief
                           Executive Officer

    Mr. GONG Wei         Executive Director,  A Share                2,004,724 Beneficial owner          0.0318%           0.0212%
                           Vice President and
                           Chief Financial
                           Officer

    Ms. SHAO Xinzhi      Vice Chairman of        H Share             1,045,056 Beneficial owner          0.0366%           0.0111%
                            the Board, Non-
                            Executive Director

    Mr. YU Hon To,       Non-Executive           H Share               810,000 Beneficial owner          0.0283%           0.0086%
      David                Director

    Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun Non-Executive             H Share               355,200 Beneficial owner          0.0124%           0.0038%
                         Director

    Mr. LIU Dalin        Chairman of the Board A Share                  36,676 Beneficial owner          0.0006%           0.0004%
                           of Supervisors      H Share                  21,355 Beneficial owner          0.0007%           0.0002%

    Ms. MA Yingjie       Supervisor              A Share                12,719 Beneficial owner          0.0002%           0.0001%

    Mr. Yu Miao          Supervisor              A Share                 6,436 Beneficial owner          0.0001%           0.0001%

*       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2023 totalling 9,438,114,893
        comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,858,548,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.84%, 2.87%
        and 30.29% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023    103
      Report of the Directors




      INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
      CEO IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Long positions in shares of the Company: (continued)

      Apart from above, the following Directors, Supervisors and chief executive are also the grantees of the A
      Share ESOP and H Share ESOP of the Company:

                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                      Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                  Number of        percentage* of         shareholding
                                                                                 outstanding          shareholding      interest in the
                                                                              shares of ESOP        interest in the         total share
                                                               Class of              (Year of       relevant class       capital of the
          Names                      Positions                 Shares                granted)            of Shares            Company

          Mr. LI Huagang             Chairman of the           A Share          30,037 (2021)              0.0005%              0.0003%
                                       Board, Executive                        125,104 (2022)              0.0020%              0.0013%
                                       Director and Chief                      212,811 (2023)              0.0034%              0.0023%
                                       Executive Officer       H Share          32,554 (2021)              0.0011%              0.0003%
                                                                               140,292 (2022)              0.0049%              0.0015%
                                                                               219,537 (2023)              0.0077%              0.0023%
                                                                              181,121 (vested)             0.0063%              0.0019%

          Mr. GONG Wei               Executive Director,       A Share          18,195 (2021)              0.0003%              0.0002%
                                       Vice President and                       67,193 (2022)              0.0011%              0.0007%
                                       Chief Financial                         104,907 (2023)              0.0017%              0.0011%
                                       Officer                 H Share          21,136 (2021)              0.0007%              0.0002%
                                                                                75,351 (2022)              0.0026%              0.0008%
                                                                               108,223 (2023)              0.0038%              0.0011%
                                                                              106,712 (vested)             0.0037%              0.0011%

          Ms. SHAO Xinzhi            Vice Chairman of          A Share          104,907 (2023)             0.0017%              0.0011%
                                        the Board, Non-        H Share          108,223 (2023)             0.0038%              0.0011%
                                        executive Director

          Mr. LIU Dalin              Chairman of the Board A Share                6,500 (2021)             0.0001%              0.0001%
                                       of Supervisors                            29,634 (2022)             0.0005%              0.0003%
                                                                                 49,956 (2023)             0.0008%              0.0005%

          Ms. MA Yingjie             Supervisor                A Share            1,468 (2021)             0.0000%              0.0000%
                                                                                  6,278 (2022)             0.0001%              0.0001%
                                                                                 12,655 (2023)             0.0002%              0.0001%

          Mr. YU Miao                Supervisor                A Share            1,461 (2021)             0.0000%              0.0000%
                                                                                  5,032 (2022)             0.0001%              0.0001%
                                                                                 16,652 (2023)             0.0003%              0.0002%

      *       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2023 totalling 9,438,114,893
              comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,858,548,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.84%, 2.87%
              and 30.29% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




104   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                      Report of the Directors




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
CEO IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
Long positions in shares of the Company: (continued)

On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with a placing agent for a placing of
new H Shares of the Company under general mandate. A total of 41,413,600 H Shares have been placed to
five placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected
with the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price is HK$28.00 per H Share. The following
directors and supervisor of the Company have invested indirectly in the structured notes issued by Golden
Sunflower, one of the placees, through the trusts and asset management schemes. The details of their
capital contribution are as follows:


                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                             percentage* of         shareholding
                                                           Amount              Relevant         shareholding      interest in the
                                                        contributed           number of       interest in the         total share
                                                           (In HK$              placing       relevant class       capital of the
    Names                   Positions                       million)           H shares            of Shares            Company


    Mr. LI Huagang          Chairman of the                    18.35             655,305             0.0229%              0.0069%
                              Board, Executive
                              Director and Chief
                              Executive Officer

    Mr. GONG Wei            Executive Director,                  9.17            327,652             0.0115%              0.0035%
                              Vice President and
                              Chief Financial
                              Officer

    Ms. SHAO Xinzhi         Vice Chairman of the               11.01             393,183             0.0138%              0.0042%
                               Board, Non-
                               Executive Director

    Mr. LIU Dalin           Supervisor                           4.89            174,629             0.0061%              0.0019%

*       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2023 totalling 9,438,114,893
        comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,858,548,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.84%, 2.87%
        and 30.29% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023    105
      Report of the Directors




      INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
      CEO IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Long positions in underlying shares of the Company pursuant to share options:


                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                      Approximate percentage* of
                                                                                                   percentage* of    shareholding
                                                                                                      shareholding interest in the
                                                                                   Number of        interest in the    total share
                                                                                share options       relevant class  capital of the
                                                                                 granted and       of Shares upon Company upon
                                                               Class of               not yet          exercise of    exercise of
          Names                     Positions                  Shares               exercised        share options  share options


          Mr. LI Huagang            Chairman of the            A Share                  548,364             0.0087%              0.0058%
                                      Board, Executive
                                      Director and Chief
                                      Executive Officer

          Mr. GONG Wei              Executive Director,        A Share                  274,182             0.0043%              0.0029%
                                      Vice President and
                                      Chief Financial
                                      Officer

      Note: The exercise price of each of the above A Share options is RMB25.63 for subscription of one share. The exercisable period is from
            15 September 2022 to 15 September 2027.


      *      The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2023 totalling 9,438,114,893
             comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,858,548,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.84%, 2.87%
             and 30.29% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.


      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors and chief executive had any
      interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporation
      (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
      pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or pursuant to the Model Code for
      Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers.




106   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                    Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme
The Company adopted the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025), the H Share
Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025) and the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme
(RSU) at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2021 (“2020 AGM”).

It is expected that relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside within Mainland China will mainly be
covered by the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, while relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside
outside Mainland China will mainly be covered by the RSU Scheme. The scheme shares for A Share and H
Share ESOPs and RSU Scheme are funded by existing shares of the Company.

The A Share and H Share ESOPs and RSU Scheme are designed to provide incentive to middle and senior
management and core employees with the Company’s two to three-year profit target, and business unit and
individual performance target as the main appraisal benchmarks. There is no consideration to be paid by the
participants for the shares awarded under the A Share and H Share ESOPs and RSU Scheme, which aligns
with the purpose of the share aware scheme to attract and retain the services of directors and employees.

Pursuant to the authorisation sought at the 2020 AGM, the Board has the sole discretion of determining the
list of employees entitled to participate in the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP and the allocation for
subsequent phases. The decision would be based on the rules of the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP,
changes in the workforce and performance assessment results, and are authorized to make adjustments.
Also, the Board or its delegate may, from time to time, select any eligible person to be a selected
participant in accordance with the RSU Scheme Rules.

A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP
The purposes of the ESOPs are to drive employees’ entrepreneurship and innovation with “Rendanheyi”; to
enhance corporate governance mechanism and create shareholders’ value; and to attract talents and
innovate the remuneration management system of the Company.

Participants of the ESOPs shall be the directors (except for independent directors), supervisors and senior
officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries.

With the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting, the board of directors shall have the right to decide on
the establishment of an independent ESOP for each year from 2021 to 2025 based on the actual needs.
The duration of each ESOP shall not exceed five years, calculated from the time when the Company
announces that the underlying shares obtained in the last time for each year are recorded to the ESOP for
that year. After the expiration of the duration, the ESOP shall be terminated, or may be extended after being
approved by the board of directors with the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   107
      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP (continued)
      The ESOP for each year shall be independent of each other, but the total number of shares held by each
      established and existing ESOPs (including A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP) shall not exceed 10% of the
      total share capital of the Company, and the total number of shares corresponding to a single employee’s
      share in the existing ESOPs shall not exceed 1% of the total amount of the Company’s share capital.

      During the year, in order to improve the corporate governance mechanism, create value for shareholders and
      promote the full implementation of the Company’s IoT smart home brand strategy, the Company introduced
      the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2023) and the H Share Core Employees Ownership Plan
      (2023) upon the approval at the 5th Meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Directors of the Company
      convened on 27 April 2023, with the subsequent authorization at the 2022 AGM of the Company.

      A Share ESOP (2021)
      The total amount of funds used to participate in the A Share ESOP for 2021 was RMB708 million. Pursuant
      to the arrangement of the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021), 25,440,807 A Shares
      (amounting to approximately RMB707 million, excluding related fees and tax expenses) held in the
      designated securities repurchase account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. were transferred to the designated
      account of “Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021)” at the
      price of RMB27.79 per share (which is the average purchase cost of the shares in the designated
      repurchase account) through non-trading transfer on 22 July 2021.

      Such proportion of shares would be locked up in accordance with the regulations. According to the A Share
      ESOP (2021–2025), the A Share ESOP is subject to a 12-month lock-up period from the date of the
      Company’s disclosure of the announcement of the completion of the transfer of the repurchased A Shares
      from the designated securities repurchase account of the Company (i.e., from 24 July 2021 to 23 July
      2022).

      After the end of the lock-up period, the participants shall be appraised according to the performance
      appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two years, and upon the expiration of the lock-up
      period of the 2021 ESOP, 40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested to the
      participants in two phases. The specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee
      upon the expiration of the lock-up period.

      The A Share ESOP (2021) participants include 14 persons of the directors, supervisors and other senior
      management members, and 1,585 core technical (business) employees with a total holding of RMB707
      million.




108   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                   Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
A Share ESOP (2022)
There were no more than 2,250 employees participating in the 2022 ESOP. The total amount of funds used
to participate in the 2022 ESOP was RMB680 million. There are 11 persons including directors, supervisors
and senior officers, with a total share of RMB21.96 million, accounting for 3.2% of the 2022 ESOP. There
are 2,239 core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, with a total share of
RMB658.04 million, accounting for 96.8% of the 2022 ESOP.

The source of shares of the 2022 ESOP were the repurchased A shares of the Company. The 2022 ESOP
established a lock-up period of 12 months from the date of disclosure of the announcement on completion
of transfer of the repurchased shares of the Company from the repurchase special account.

On 21 July 2022, 26,814,055 Shares (average purchase cost was RMB25.33 per share) held in the
“repurchase special account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.” were transferred to the designated account of
“Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2022)” through non-trading
transfer. The lock-up period is from 22 July 2022 to 21 July 2023.

After the end of the lock-up period, the participants shall be appraised according to the performance
appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two years, and upon the expiration of the lock-up
period of the 2022 ESOP, 40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested to the
participants in two phases. The specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee
upon the expiration of the lock-up period.

A Share ESOP (2023)
There were no more than 2,400 employees participating in the 2023 ESOP. The total amount of funds used
to participate in the 2023 ESOP shall be RMB565.50 million. There are 14 directors, supervisors and senior
officers with a total share of RMB31.42 million, accounting for 5.6% of the ESOP. There are 2,386 core
technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, with a total share of RMB534.08 million,
accounting for 94.4% of the ESOP.

The source of shares for the ESOP were the repurchased shares of the Company in the repurchase special
account. The 2023 ESOP established a lock-up period of 12 months from the date of disclosure of the
announcement on completion of transfer of the repurchased shares of the Company from the repurchase
special account.

On 17 July 2023, 25,117,000 Shares (average purchase cost was RMB22.49 per share) held in the
“repurchase special account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd”. were transferred to the designated account of
“Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2023)” through non-trading
transfer. The lock-up period is from 19 July 2023 to 18 July 2024.

After the end of the lock-up period of the 2023 ESOP, the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested
to the participants in two phases (40% and 60% respectively). The specific vesting time shall be determined
by the Management Committee after the end of the lock-up period.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   109
      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      The following table discloses movements in the A Share ESOPs during the year:

                                                 On      Granted          Vested    Cancelled       Lapsed             On
                                          1 January    during the during the year   during the   during the   31 December    Date of grant of   Vesting period
       Name or category of Participants        2023          year          (Note)         year         year          2023    A Share ESOP       for A Share ESOP

       Directors
       Mr. LI Huagang                        87,300           —           57,263            —            —         30,037    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                            173,306           —           48,202            —            —        125,104    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                 —       212,811              —             —            —        212,811    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

                                            260,606      212,811         105,465            —            —        367,952
       Mr. GONG Wei                          53,553           —           35,358            —            —         18,195    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                             93,061           —           25,868            —            —         67,193    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                 —       104,907              —             —            —        104,907    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

                                            146,614      104,907          61,226            —            —        190,295
       Ms. SHAO Xinzhi                            —      104,907               —            —            —        104,907    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

       Subtotal                             407,220      422,625         166,691            —            —        663,154

       Supervisors
       Mr. LIU Dalin                         19,936            —          13,436            —            —          6,500    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                             41,404            —          11,770            —            —         29,634    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                 —         49,956             —             —            —         49,956    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

                                             61,340        49,956         25,206            —            —         86,090
       Ms. MA Yingjie                          4,745           —            3,277           —            —          1,468    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                               8,675           —            2,397           —            —          6,278    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                  —        12,655              —            —            —         12,655    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

                                             13,420        12,655           5,674           —            —         20,401
       Mr. YU Miao                             3,746           —            2,285           —            —          1,461    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                               6,704           —            1,672           —            —          5,032    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                  —        16,652              —            —            —         16,652    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

                                             10,450        16,652           3,957           —            —         23,145
       Subtotal                              85,210        79,263         34,837            —            —        129,636

       Other employees
       In aggregate                       17,654,447           —        8,461,318    9,193,129           —              —    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                          26,490,905           —        6,191,537           —            —      20,299,368   10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                  —    24,615,112              —            —            —      24,615,112   28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

                                          44,145,352   24,615,112      14,652,855    9,193,129           —      44,914,480
       Total                              44,637,782   25,117,000      14,854,383    9,193,129           —      45,707,270

       The five highest paid employees
         among the Participants are as
         follows:
       In aggregate                         311,251           —          210,144       71,070            —         30,037    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                            593,210           —          163,131           —             —        430,079    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                 —       787,855              —            —             —        787,855    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

       Total                                904,461      787,855         373,275       71,070            —       1,247,971


      The closing price of the Company’s A Share immediately before the grant date of the A Share ESOP was
      RMB23.62 per share. The fair values of the A Share ESOP granted on 28 July 2023 is RMB614 million. The
      weighted average closing price of the share immediately before the vesting date of the A Share ESOP was
      RMB23.6 per share. Refer to note 36 of the consolidated financial statements for the details of the fair value
      measurement of the A Share ESOP.

      The purchase price of the above cancelled shares is RMB27.79 per share.



110   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
The granting mandate of each of the A Share ESOPs is only valid and effective for that particular year, and
therefore there is no remaining life for such A Share ESOPs as at the date of this annual report. As at
1 January and 31 December 2023, the number of share awards available for grant under the A Share
ESOPs was nil.

The particulars regarding dilution effect of the A Share ESOP are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.

Notes:

1.       The assessment criteria under the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP (2021) (“2021 ESOP”) are as follows:

         The assessment criteria and vesting conditions for participants under the 2021 ESOP who are the Chairman, President and
         corporate platform staff of the Company are as follows: (1) If the ESOP Management Committee assesses that such participants
         have achieved the target results for 2021 and the growth of the Company’s audited net profit attributable to the parent for 2021
         exceeds 26% (including 26%) over the pro forma net profit attributable to the parent for 2020 (excluding the one-off gain on
         disposal of 54.40% equity interest in Haier COSMO IOT Ecosystem Technology Co., Ltd. (海 爾 卡 奥 斯 物 聯 生 態 科 技 有 限 公 司)
         (hereinafter referred to as “COSMOPlat”)),40% of the interests of the underlying shares in the 2021 ESOP shall be vested to the
         participants in full; if the growth rate is between 20.8% (including 20.8%) and 26%, the ESOP Management Committee will
         determine the percentage of vesting and report to the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board of Directors for
         approval before vesting; if the growth is less than 20.8% (excluding 20.8%), the corresponding portion of the 2021 assessment will
         not vest. (2) If the ESOP Management Committee assesses that such participants have achieved the target results for 2022 and the
         compound annual growth rate of the Company’s audited net profit attributable to the parent for 2022 exceeds 18% (including 18%)
         over the pro forma net profit attributable to the parent for 2020 (excluding the one-off gain on disposal of 54.40% equity interest in
         COSMOPlat), 60% of their interests of the underlying shares in the 2021 ESOP for such period shall vest to the participants in full;
         if the compound annual growth rate is between 14.4% (including 14.4%) and 18%, the ESOP Management Committee will
         determine the percentage of vesting and report to the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board of Directors for
         approval before vesting; if the growth is less than 14.4% (excluding 14.4%), the corresponding portion of the 2022 assessment will
         not vest.

         Other than the aforementioned participants, the passing rate of the ESOP Participants shall be determined by the ESOP
         Management Committee and the vesting could be 40% and 60% for 2021 and 2022, respectively.

2.       The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2022) (“2022 ESOP”) are as follows:

         a.     Where the participants under the 2022 ESOP are the chairman, president and platform personnel of the Company, the
                assessment indicators and vesting shall be as follows: If the results of the Management Committee’s assessment of such
                participants in 2022 are up to the standard, and the audited net profit attributable to the parent company of the Company
                in 2022 is increased by more than 15% (inclusive) compared with the pro forma net profit attributable to parent company in
                2021, 40% of the interests of the underlying shares in the 2022 ESOP shall be vested to the participants. If the said net
                profit is increased by 12% (inclusive) to 15%, vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the
                Management Committee and submitted to the Remuneration and Assessment Committee for approval; if the said net profit
                is increased by less than 12% (exclusive), the corresponding part of assessment in 2022 will not be vested. If the results of
                the Management Committee’s assessment of such participants in 2023 are up to the standard, and the audited net profit
                attributable to the parent company of the Company in 2023 is increased by more than 15% (inclusive) compared with the
                pro forma net profit attributable to parent company in 2021 on a CAGR basis, 60% of the interests of the underlying shares
                under the 2022 ESOP shall be vested to the participants. If the said net profit is increased by 12% (inclusive) to 15% on a
                CAGR basis,vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee and
                submitted to the Remuneration and Assessment Committee for approval; if the said net profit is increased by less than 12%
                (exclusive), the corresponding part of assessment in 2023 will not be vested. The “net profit attributable to the parent
                company”: (1) the net profit attributable to the parent company during the 2021 represents audit data for 2021 Audit Report,
                amounting to RMB13.067 billion; (2) the other net profit attributable to the parent company during the 2022 and 2023
                represents audited net profit attributable to the parent company after excluding the one-off impact on profit or loss arising
                from any material asset disposal/acquisition (if any) for the year. (In this regard, with reference to relevant requirements in the
                Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
                the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, material asset disposals and acquisitions are defined as: (1) material asset
                disposals and acquisitions with an individual transaction amount representing over 5% (inclusive) of the latest audited net
                asset attributable to the parent company of the listed company, or (2) individual transaction with asset creating a net profit
                or net profit of acquisition target representing over 5% of the latest audited net profit attributable to the parent company of
                the listed company.)

         b.     Where the participants under the 2022 ESOP are the persons other than those mentioned in item a above, 40% and 60% of
                the interests of the underlying shares under the 2022 ESOP shall be vested respectively if the results of the Management
                Committee’s assessment in 2022 and 2023 are up to the standard.




                                                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023         111
      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Shares restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      3.     The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2023) (“2023 ESOP”) are as follows:


             a.     Where the participants under the 2023 ESOP are the directors, president, supervisors and platform personnel of the Company,
                    the appraisal rules for 2023 and 2024 are based on a weighted average of the completion rate of the compound growth rate
                    of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and the completion rate of return on equity
                    (hereinafter “Comprehensive Completion Rate”). The specific appraisal objectives and rules are as follows:


                                                      Net profit attributable to
                                                      the parent company after
                                                      non-recurring items                              Return on equity (Note)

                       Performance appraisal          Growth rate of audited net profit attributable   Audited return on equity (ROE) for 2023 not
                         indicators for 2023            to the parent company after non-                 less than 16.8% (inclusive)
                                                        recurring items for 2023 over net profit
                                                        attributable to the parent company after
                                                        non-recurring items for 2022 not less
                                                        than 15% (inclusive)
                       Performance appraisal          Compound growth rate of audited net profit       Audited return on equity (ROE) for 2024 not
                         indicators for 2024            attributable to the parent company after         less than 16.8% (inclusive)
                                                        non-recurring items for 2024 over net
                                                        profit attributable to the parent company
                                                        after non-recurring items for 2022 not
                                                        less than 15% (inclusive)
                       Appraisal weighting            50%                                              50%

                    Note: Return on equity (ROE) refers to the weighted average return on equity. If the Company raises fund through capital
                          market such as a public offering or issuance of shares to specific targets during the term of the 2023 ESOP that
                          may have an impact on the Company’s net assets and ROE, the impact of such actions shall be excluded from the
                          calculation of ROE attributable to shareholders of the listed company for each appraisal year, and the appraisal
                          indicators in relation to ROE in each year’s appraisal criteria shall be adjusted accordingly. The details of the
                          adjustment plan will be considered by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of
                          directors for approval before implementation.


                    Comprehensive Completion Rate = 50%*completion rate of compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent
                    company after non-recurring items + 50%*completion rate of return on equity

                    Of which:


                    Completion rate of compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring
                    items = compound growth rate of audited net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items for the year
                    over net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items for 2022/15%




112   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                        Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Shares restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
Notes: (continued)


3.     The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2023) (“2023 ESOP”) are as follows: (continued)


       a.     (continued)


              Completion rate of return on equity = audited return on equity for the year/16.8%


              (1)    Appraisal indicators and vesting for 2023


                     If the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal of such Participants in 2023 are up to the standard, and the
                     Comprehensive Completion Rate in 2023 is more than 1 (inclusive), 40% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                     under the ESOP shall be vested to the Participants.


                     If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is between 0.8 (inclusive) to 1: ① for the completion rates of compound
                     growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity exceeding
                     0.8 (inclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                     and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for approval; ② for any of the completion rate of
                     compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity
                     below 0.8 (exclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Remuneration and
                     Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval.


                     If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is less than 0.8 (exclusive), 40% of the Underlying Shares under the ESOP will
                     not be vested.


              (2)    Appraisal indicators and vesting for 2024


                     If the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal of such Participants in 2024 are up to the standard, and the
                     Comprehensive Completion Rate in 2024 is more than 1 (inclusive), 60% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                     under the ESOP shall be vested to the Participants.


                     If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is between 0.8 (inclusive) to 1: ① for the completion rates of compound
                     growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity exceeding
                     0.8 (inclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                     and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for approval; ② for any of the completion rate of
                     compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity
                     below 0.8 (exclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Remuneration and
                     Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval.


                     If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is less than 0.8 (exclusive), 60% of the Underlying Shares under the ESOP will
                     not be vested.


       b.     Where the participants under the 2023 ESOP are the persons other than those mentioned in item a above, 40% and 60% of
              the interests of the underlying shares under the 2023 ESOP shall be vested respectively if the results of the Management
              Committee’s assessment in 2023 and 2024 are up to the standard.




                                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023      113
      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Shares restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share ESOP (2021)
      The total amount of funds used to participate in the 2021 ESOP was RMB90 million. Pursuant to the
      arrangement of the H Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021), the Company entrusted an asset
      management company to purchase a total of 3,757,000 H Shares of the Company in the secondary market
      through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average transaction price of HK$28.268 per share and a
      transaction amount of approximately HK$106 million. The aforesaid purchased shares will be subject to lock-
      up for a period from 27 July 2021 to 26 July 2022.

      After the end of the lock-up period, the participants shall be appraised according to the performance
      appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two years, and upon the expiration of the lock-up
      period of the 2021 ESOP, 40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested to the
      participants in two phases. The specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee
      upon the expiration of the lock-up period.

      Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the vested H Shares will be sold by the asset management company on
      due course for the cash settlement to the participants.

      The participants of the H Share ESOP are 35 core senior management staff members of the Company who
      play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

      H Share ESOP (2022)
      Participants of the 2022 ESOP shall include the directors (except for independent directors) and senior
      officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries,
      totaling 33 persons. The total amount of funds to be used to participate in the 2022 ESOP was RMB60
      million. There are 8 persons including directors, and senior officers, with a total share of RMB20.53 million,
      accounting for 34.2% of the 2022 ESOP. There are 25 other core management personnel of the Company,
      with a total share of RMB39.47 million, accounting for 65.8% of the 2022 ESOP.

      The source of shares of the 2022 ESOP were the H shares of the Company purchased from the secondary
      market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. The Company entrusted an asset management
      company to purchase a total of 2,653,200 H Shares of the Company in the secondary market through the
      Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average transaction price of HKD25.663 per share and a transaction
      amount of approximately HK$68 million. The lock-up period shall be 12 months, calculated from the date
      when the Company announces that the underlying shares purchased in the last time are recorded in the
      2022 ESOP.

      After the end of the lock-up period, the participants of the 2022 ESOP shall be appraised according to the
      performance appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two years, and upon the appraisal,
      40% and 60% of the shares of the plan shall be vested to the participants in two phases.

      The specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the
      lock-up period. Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the vested H Shares will be sold by the asset
      management company on due course for the cash settlement to the participants.




114   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                   Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share ESOP (2023)
The source of funds of the 2023 ESOP shall be the incentive funds withdrawn by the Company in the
amount of RMB70.50 million. The source of shares of the 2023 ESOP were H shares of the Company
purchased from the secondary market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

Participants of the 2023 ESOP shall include the directors (except for independent directors) and senior
officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries,
totaling 34. There are 11 directors and senior officers, with a total share of RMB33.19 million, accounting
for 47.1% of the ESOP. There are 23 other core management personnel of the Company, with a total share
of RMB37.31 million, accounting for 52.9% of the ESOP.

The lock-up period is 12 months, calculated from the date when the Company announces that the last of
underlying shares purchased are recorded in the 2023 ESOP.

During the year, the Company entrusted an asset management company to purchase a total of 3,230,400 H
Shares of the Company in the secondary market through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average
transaction price of HKD23.62 per share and a transaction amount of approximately HK$76.3 million. The
lock-up period is from 26 July 2023 to 25 July 2024.

The assessment period is for two years, and upon the expiration of the lock-up period of the 2023 ESOP,
40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested to the participants in two phases. The
specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the lock-up
period.

Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the participants entrust the Management Committee to sell the underlying
shares of the 2023 ESOP during the duration of the ESOP for cash settlement.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   115
      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share ESOP (2023) (continued)
      The following table discloses movements in the H Share ESOPs during the year:

                                                 On     Granted          Vested    Cancelled       Lapsed             On
                                          1 January   during the during the year   during the   during the   31 December    Date of grant of   Vesting period for
       Name or category of Participants        2023         year          (Note)         year         year          2023    H Share ESOP       H Share ESOP

       Directors*
       Mr. LI Huagang                       100,320          —           67,766            —            —         32,554    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                            194,347          —           54,055            —            —        140,292    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                 —      219,537              —             —            —        219,537    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

                                            294,667     219,537         121,821            —            —        392,383

       Mr. GONG Wei                          62,213          —           41,077            —            —         21,136    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                            104,359          —           29,008            —            —         75,351    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                 —      108,223              —             —            —        108,223    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

                                            166,572     108,223          70,085            —            —        204,710

       Ms. SHAO Xinzhi                           —      108,223               —            —            —        108,223    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

       Subtotal                             461,239     435,983         191,906            —            —        705,316

       Other employees
       In aggregate                       2,302,118           —         725,440     1,576,678           —              —    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                          2,354,494           —         552,053            —            —       1,802,441   10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                 —     2,794,417             —             —            —       2,794,417   28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

                                          4,656,612    2,794,417       1,277,493    1,576,678           —       4,596,858

       Total                              5,117,851    3,230,400       1,469,399    1,576,678           —       5,302,174

       The five highest paid employees
         among the Participants are as
         follows:
       In aggregate                         360,487          —          245,370       82,563            —         32,554    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                            665,233          —          182,937           —             —        482,296    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                 —      812,758              —            —             —        812,758    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025

       Total                              1,025,720     812,758         428,307       82,563            —       1,327,608


      The closing price of the Company’s H Share immediately before the grant date of the H Share ESOP was
      HK$24.2 per share. The fair values of the H Share ESOP granted on 28 July 2023 is RMB73 million, the
      Group recognised a total A and H Share ESOP expense of RMB407 million during year ended 31 December
      2023. The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting date of the H Share
      ESOP was HK$24.1 per share. Refer to note 36 of the consolidated financial statements for the details of
      the fair value measurement of the H Share ESOP. The purchase price of the above cancelled shares is
      HK$28.268 per share.

      The granting mandate of each of the H Share ESOPs is only valid and effective for that particular year, and
      therefore there is no remaining life for such H Share ESOPs as at the date of this annual report. As at
      1 January and 31 December 2023, the number of share awards available for grant under the H Share
      ESOPs was nil.




116   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                   Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share ESOP (2023) (continued)
The particulars regarding dilution effect of the H Share ESOP are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.

Note:

The assessment criteria for H Share ESOPs are the same as for A Share ESOPs. Refer to the note to the table disclosing movements in
the A Share ESOPs above.


H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021, 2022 and 2023)
The purposes of the RSU Scheme are to stimulate the pro-activeness of the eligible persons, encourage
their innovation to create value, enhance profit, achieve competitive goals, and ultimately maximise return for
the shareholders; to promote the strategic development and realize the goals of the Company; to optimise
the remuneration structure of the Group’s employees; to attract, motivate and retain core capable talents of
the Group for the future business development and expansion of the Group.

Eligible Person who may participate in the RSU Scheme include any individual, being an employee, director,
supervisor, senior management, key operating team member of any member of the Group who the Board or
its delegatee considers, in their sole discretion, to have significantly contributed or will significantly contribute
to the development of the Group.

Subject to the RSU Scheme Rules, the Company and/or the delegatee may from time to time instruct the
trustee in writing to subscribe or acquire H Shares on the Stock Exchange and to hold them on trust for the
benefit of the selected participants on and subject to the terms and conditions of the RSU Scheme Rules
and the Trust Deed.

The Board or the delegatee may grant awards to selected participants during the award period conditional
upon fulfilment of terms and conditions of the awards and performance targets as the Board or the
delegatee determines from time to time.

The Board shall not make any further grant which will result in the aggregate number of H Shares granted to
exceed one per cent (1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date. The total
number of RSU granted but remain unvested to a selected participant under the RSU Scheme shall not
exceed zero point one per cent (0.1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date.

The vesting of the Award granted under the RSU Scheme is subject to the conditions of the relevant
business unit(s) and personal performance targets of the relevant selected participant and any other
applicable vesting conditions as set out in the award letter.

The appraisal period is generally two years (40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares to be
vested to the participants in two phases) or three years (100% of corresponding underlying shares to be
vested to the participants in one phase) upon the expiration of the vesting period of the RSU Scheme. The
specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the vesting
period.

Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021), the Company entrusted
an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 4,538,400 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
market, with an average price of HK$27.32 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$124 million.

In year 2021, a total of 4,438,027 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by staff
members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who play
an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023    117
      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021, 2022 and 2023) (continued)
      Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2022), the Company entrusted
      an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 5,783,600 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
      market, with an average price of HK$26.63 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$154 million.

      During the year 2022, a total of 5,636,959 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by
      staff members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who
      play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

      Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2023), the Company entrusted
      an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 5,456,000 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
      market, with an average price of HK$23.70 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$129 million.

      During the reporting period, a total of 6,158,959 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and
      accepted by staff members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the
      Company) who play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

      The following table discloses movements in the Company’s H Share RSU during the year:


                                                           Number of H Share RSU

                                   On      Granted     Vested    Cancelled    Lapsed             On
        Name or category 1 January           during    during       during    during    31 December Date of grant Vesting period
        of Participants          2023      the year   the year    the year   the year           2023 of RSU          for RSU


        Non-director
          employees
        In aggregate         3,403,023           —    221,022       23,427    28,713       3,129,861 30/7/2021,      30/7/2021–
                                                                                                        1/9/2021,      1/8/2024,
                                                                                                        15/12/2021     1/9/2021–
                                                                                                                       1/8/2024,
                                                                                                                       15/12/2021–
                                                                                                                       1/8/2024
        In aggregate         5,362,852           —    312,895           —    185,931       4,864,026 25/5/2022,      25/5/2022–
                                                                                                        23/6/2022,     15/3/2024,
                                                                                                        9/9/2022       23/6/2022–
                                                                                                                       1/7/2025,
                                                                                                                       9/9/2022–
                                                                                                                       1/7/2025
        In aggregate                —     6,158,959      2,511          —     64,786       6,091,662 23/6/2023,      23/6/2023–
                                                                                                        1/11/2023      1/7/2026,
                                                                                                                       1/11/2023–
                                                                                                                       1/7/2026


                             8,765,875    6,158,959   536,428       23,427   279,430      14,085,549




118   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                    Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021, 2022 and 2023) (continued)
The closing prices of the Company’s H Share immediately before the grant date of the RSU on 23 June
2023 and 1 November 2023 were HK$24.55 and HK$22.4 per share respectively. The fair values of the RSU
granted on 23 June 2023 and 1 November 2023 were RMB131 million and RMB1 million respectively, the
Group recognised a total restricted share expense of RMB43 million during year ended 31 December 2023.
The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting date of the H Share RSU
was HK$25 per share. Refer to note 36 of the consolidated financial statements for the details of the fair
value measurement of the H Share RSU.

The purchase price of the above cancelled shares is HK$27.32 per share.

The granting mandate of each of the H Share RSU schemes is only valid and effective for that particular
year, and therefore there is no remaining life for H Share RSU schemes as at the date of this annual report.
As at 1 January and 31 December 2023, the number of share awards available for grant under the H Share
RSU schemes was nil.

The particulars regarding dilution effect of the H Share RSU are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.

At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had 14,085,549 H Share RSU
outstanding under the RSU Scheme, which represented approximately 0.49% of the Company’s total
number of H Shares in issue as at that date.

Further details of the H Share RSU is set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.

A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The participants under the A Share Option Incentive Schemes exclude the Company’s independent
directors, supervisors, the shareholders individually or in aggregate holding 5% or more of the shares of the
Company or the de facto controllers and their spouses, parents or children.

The total number shares of the Company to be granted under the A Share Option Incentive schemes within
the validity period to any participants will not exceed 1% of the total number of shares of the Company. The
total underlying shares of the Company involved under fully effective share option incentive schemes shall
not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the Company as at the date of the proposal of the
incentive scheme at the shareholders’ meetings for approval. The source of the scheme share for A Share
Option Incentive Scheme are from the issuance of new shares.

2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
The Company adopted a 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2021 A Share Option Incentive
Scheme”) at the extraordinary general meeting held on 15 September 2021. This scheme is an additional
measure that builds on the Company’s A Share and H Share Employee Stock Ownership Schemes and
Restricted Share Unit Scheme to further enhance employee incentives.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   119
      Report of the Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (continued)
      To drive the achievement of the Company’s longer term target, further enhance the development of high-end
      scenario-based brand and smart household business, the Company introduced the A Share Option Incentive
      Scheme to provide incentive to the core management members with five or six-year appraisal period and
      higher profit targets than those under the A Share and H Share ESOP.

      The participants of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme are core management staff that have made
      significant contribution to the Company’s overall performance and long-term development, specifically
      including Directors and senior management of the Company, the general manager and department manager
      of business divisions of the Company.

      For the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 51,000,000 Share
      Options to the Participants. Among which, first 46,000,000 to be granted and 5,000,000 to be reserved.

      In year 2021, on 15 September 2021, the Company firstly granted 46,000,000 A Share options to 400
      participants (included directors of the Company). On 15 December 2021, the Company granted 4,525,214
      reserved share options to 18 participants under the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme. The remaining
      reserved share options under the A Share Option Incentive Scheme will not be further granted.

      2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
      The Company adopted a 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2022 A Share Option Incentive
      Scheme”) at the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2022.

      As the Company is leading the effort to upgrade its Internet of Things from “high-end brands” to “scenario
      brands”, and to “ecological brands”, the Company needs to have long-term planning to ensure the
      achievement of its strategic results and also improve its long-term incentive scheme in line with the above
      objectives. As such, the incentive scheme encourages core technology talents and business team to venture
      and innovate continuously, as well as significantly boosts and promotes participants’ initiative through the
      formulation of long-term performance growth indicators and inspires them to provide users with the best
      experience and achieve business development across the industry cycle.

      The incentive model serves as a benchmark for the development in the coming 4 years as a cycle, which
      expedites participant’s alignment with the Company’s strategic objectives of long-term development, and
      further promotes the synergistic consolidation of businesses, boosts operation efficiency and achieves
      industry leading.

      The participants are core staff that includes business director, core technical staff and business backbone
      staff of the Company (excluding current Directors and senior management of the Company) and have made
      significant contributions to the Company’s overall performance and long-term development.

      For the 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 104,756,896 A Share
      options to the Participants. On 28 June 2022, the Company had granted 104,756,896 A Share options to
      1,834 participants.




120   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                  Report of the Directors




A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
The following table discloses movements in the Company’s A Share options outstanding during the year:

                                                        Number of A-Share options

                                                                                                                                          Exercise
                                                                                                                                           price of
                                                                                                        Date of                              share
                                                                Cancelled                               grant of                        options per
                               On       Granted    Exercised    during the     Lapsed             On share                                   share
 Name or category of     1 January    during the   during the        year    during the 31 December options          Exercise period       (note 2)
 Participants                 2023         year         year      (note 3)        year          2023 (note 1)        of share options         RMB


 Executive directors*
 Mr. LI Huagang            913,900            —            —      365,536            —       548,364 15/09/2021      15/09/2022 to            25.63
                                                                                                                        15/09/2027
 Mr. GONG Wei              457,000            —            —      182,818            —       274,182 15/09/2021      15/09/2022 to            25.63
                                                                                                                        15/09/2027


 Other employees
 In aggregate           44,629,100            —            —    17,545,750     764,740     26,318,610 15/09/2021     15/09/2022 to            25.63
                                                                                                                        15/09/2027
 In aggregate            4,525,214            —            —     1,431,241    1,009,018     2,084,955 15/12/2021     15/12/2022 to            25.63
                                                                                                                        15/12/2027
 In aggregate           104,756,896           —            —    25,607,303    2,327,684    76,821,909 28/06/2022     28/06/2023 to            23.86
                                                                                                                        28/06/2027


                        155,282,110           —            —    45,132,648    4,101,442   106,048,020



There is no consideration payable on application or acceptance of the share options by the participants
under the A Share option scheme. The granting mandate of each of the A Share option schemes is only
valid and effective for that particular year, and therefore there is no remaining life for such A Share option
schemes as at the date of this annual report. As at 1 January and 31 December 2023, the number of share
options available for grant under the A Share option schemes was nil.




                                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023           121
      Report of the Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      Exercise arrangement for the share options granted in 2021:

                                                   Proportion of
                                                     exercisable
                                                   share options
        Exercise                                      to granted
        arrangement    Vesting periods             share options   Exercise periods                                Performance appraisal target

        1st exercise   From the date of grant to            20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                          the expiry of                               12 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2021
                          12 months from the                          last trading day upon the expiry of 24          over adjusted net profit attributable to the
                          date of grant                               months from the date of grant                   parent company in 2020 reaches or
                                                                                                                      exceeds 30%
        2nd exercise   From the date of grant to            20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                          the expiry of                               24 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2022
                          24 months from the                          last trading day upon the expiry of 36          over net profit attributable to the parent
                          date of grant                               months from the date of grant                   company in 2021 reaches or exceeds
                                                                                                                      15%
        3rd exercise   From the date of grant to            20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          the expiry of                               36 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          36 months from the                          last trading day upon the expiry of 48          parent company in 2023 over net profit
                          date of grant                               months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                      reaches or exceeds 15%
        4th exercise   From the date of grant to            20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          the expiry of                               48 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          48 months from the                          last trading day upon the expiry of 60          parent company in 2024 over net profit
                          date of grant                               months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                      reaches or exceeds 15%
        5th exercise   From the date of grant to            20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          the expiry of                               60 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          60 months from the                          last trading day upon the expiry of 72          parent company in 2025 over net profit
                          date of grant                               months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                      reaches or exceeds 15%


      Exercise arrangement for the share options granted in 2022:

                                                   Proportion of
                                                     exercisable
                                                   share options
        Exercise                                      to granted
        arrangement    Vesting periods             share options   Exercise periods                                Performance appraisal target


        1st exercise   From the date of grant to            25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                          the expiry of                               12 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2022
                          12 months from the                          last trading day upon the expiry of 24          over net profit attributable to the parent
                          date of grant                               months from the date of grant                   company in 2021 reaches or exceeds 15%
        2nd exercise   From the date of grant to            25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          the expiry of                               24 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          24 months from the                          last trading day upon the expiry of 36          parent company in 2023 over net profit
                          date of grant                               months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                      reaches or exceeds 15%
        3rd exercise   From the date of grant to            25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          the expiry of                               36 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          36 months from the                          last trading day upon the expiry of 48          parent company in 2024 over net profit
                          date of grant                               months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                      reaches or exceeds 15%
        4th exercise   From the date of grant to            25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          the expiry of                               48 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          48 months from the                          last trading day upon the expiry of 60          parent company in 2025 over net profit
                          date of grant                               months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                      reaches or exceeds 15%




122   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                            Report of the Directors




A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
Exercise arrangement for the share options granted in 2021 and 2022: (continued)

Notes:


1.       The share options granted in 2021 will be valid for a maximum period of 72 months commencing from the grant date to the date of
         full exercise or cancellation of all share options granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant
         date of share options granted under the Incentive Scheme, and subject to the satisfaction of the Exercise Conditions, the
         participants may exercise the options in five yearly phases of 20% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share
         options is from the date of grant until the respective vesting dates.


         The share options granted in 2022 will be valid for a maximum period of 60 months commencing from the grant date to the date of
         full exercise or cancellation of all share options granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant
         date of share options granted under the Incentive Scheme, and subject to the satisfaction of the Exercise Conditions, the
         participants may exercise the options in four yearly phases of 25% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share
         options is from the date of grant until the respective vesting dates.


2.       The exercise price of the share options granted is not lower than the carrying amount of the shares, nor lower than the higher of the
         followings: (1) the average trading price of the A Shares on the trading day preceding the announcement of the A Share Option
         Incentive Scheme, and (2) the average trading price of the A Shares for the last 20 trading days preceding the announcement of the
         A Share Option Incentive Scheme. The number and exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment(s) in the event of
         any distribution of dividends, capitalisation issue, bonus issue, sub-division or consolidation of shares and rights issue in
         accordance with the provisions of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme.


3.       All the options forfeited before expiry of the relevant schemes will be treated as lapsed options which will not be added back to the
         number of shares available to be issued under the relevant schemes.


The number of A shares that may be issued in respect of A Share options granted under all schemes of the
Company during the year ended 31 December 2023 represented 0% of the weighted average number of
shares of the A Shares in issue for the year 2023. The total number of A Shares available for issue under
the A-share option scheme is 106,048,020 as at 31 December 2023, representing approximately 1.12% of
the total share capital as at 31 December 2023 and approximately 1.12% of the total share capital as at
29 April 2024 (the date of publication of 2023 annual report of the Company).

The particulars regarding dilution effect of the share options are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.




                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023       123
      Report of the Directors




      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES IN OR
      DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
      Save as the share awards (ESOPs and RSU scheme) and share options granted and vested to the Directors
      and supervisors, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2023 were rights to acquire benefits by
      means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors, supervisors or
      their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them, or was the
      Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to
      enable the Directors and supervisors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

      CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
      The Group has contracts with Haier Corp and their subsidiaries and/or associates (collectively referred to as
      “Haier Affiliates”) for the transactions include those for Services Supply Framework Agreement, Services
      Procurement Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement, Products and
      Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and Financial Services Framework Agreement. Further details
      of the transactions undertaken in connection with these contracts during the year are included in the section
      “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS”.

      Save as disclosed in this annual report, no controlling shareholders or their respective subsidiaries had a
      material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance, whether for the provision of
      services or otherwise, to the Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party subsisting
      during or at the end of the year ended December 31, 2023.

      EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
      Save as the A-Share option incentive scheme, the Company has not engaged in any equity-linked
      agreement during the year ended 31 December 2023.




124   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                        Report of the Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
At 31 December 2023, the following shareholders who have interest in 5% or more of the issued share
capital of the Company were recorded in the register of substantial shareholders as required to be kept by
the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions:


                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                    Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                                  percentage* of    shareholding in
                                Class of           Number of                                     shareholding in     the total share
                                Shares                Shares                                   the relevant class      capital of the
    Name of Shareholder         held                    held Nature of interest                        of Shares           Company


    Haier Group                 A Share         2,637,339,206 Beneficial owner                           41.81%              27.94%
      CorporationNotes 1 to 4                                 Interest in controlled
                                                                 corporation
                                                              Interest through voting rights
                                                                 entrustment arrangement
                                H Share           538,560,000 Interest in controlled                     18.84%               5.71%
                                                                 corporation
                                D Share            58,135,194 Interest in controlled                     21.45%               0.62%
                                                                 corporation

    Haier COSMO Co.,            A Share         1,258,684,824 Beneficial owner                           19.95%              13.34%
      Ltd.Notes 1 and 2

    HCH (HK) Investment         H Share           538,560,000 Beneficial owner                           18.84%               5.71%
      Management Co.,
      LimitedNote 3

    Haier International Co.,    D Share             58,135,194 Beneficial owner                          21.45%               0.62%
      LimitedNote 4

    Other H Class
      ShareholdersNote 5

    Other D class
      ShareholdersNote 6

*        The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2023 totalling 9,438,114,893
         comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,858,548,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.84%, 2.87%
         and 30.29% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023    125
      Report of the Directors




      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Notes:


      1.       Haier Group Corporation holds directly 1,072,610,764 A Shares. In addition, Haier Group Corporation indirectly owns or controls (i)
               1,258,684,824 A Shares through Haier COSMO Co., Ltd. (海爾卡奧斯股份有限公司) (formerly Haier Electric Appliances International
               Co., Ltd.), one of its subsidiaries, (ii) 172,252,560 A Shares through Qingdao Haier Venture & Investment Information Co., Ltd., one
               of its subsidiaries and (iii) 133,791,058 A Shares through Qingdao Haichuangzhi Management Consulting Enterprise (Limited
               Partnership), a party acting in concert with Haier Group Corporation.


      2.       Haier Group Corporation holds 51.20% of the issued shares in Haier COSMO Co. Ltd. (海 爾 卡 奧 斯 股 份 有 限 公 司) (formerly Haier
               Electric Appliances International Co., Ltd.), and is also entitled to exercise the remaining 48.80% voting rights in Haier Cosmo Co.,
               Ltd. through an irrevocable voting rights entrustment arrangement.


      3        HCH (HK) Investment Management Co., Limited (“HCH (HK)”) holds 538,560,000 H Shares. Haier Group Corporation controls 100%
               voting rights in HCH (HK), thus is deemed to be interested in the 538,560,000 H Shares held by HCH (HK).


      4.       Haier International Co., Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group Corporation. Therefore, Haier Group Corporation is
               deemed to be interested in the 58,135,194 D Shares held by Haier International Co., Limited.


      5.       JPMorgan Chase & Co. held 283,118,533 H Shares, representing approximately 9.9% of the total number of H Shares. BlackRock,
               Inc. held 168,045,203 H Shares, representing approximately 5.88% of the total number of H Shares.


      6.       Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd. held 54,007,663 D Shares, representing approximately 19.93% of the total number of D Shares;


      Short positions and Lending pools:

      JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a short position of 26,798,617 H Shares, representing approximately 0.94% of
      the total number of H Shares; and had a lending pool of 59,948,831 H Shares, representing approximately
      2.10% of the total number of H Shares. BlackRock, Inc. had a short position of 306,200 H Shares,
      representing approximately 0.01% of the total number of H Shares.

      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, no person, other than the Directors, Supervisors and
      CEO of the Company, whose interests are set out in the section “Interests and short positions of directors,
      supervisors and CEO in shares and underlying shares” above, had registered an interest or short position in
      the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to section 336
      of the SFO.

      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
      Haier Group directly and indirectly owns 34.27% of the voting rights of the Company. Haier Group, together
      with its associates as defined under Rule 14A.13 of the Listing Rules, are therefore the Company’s
      connected persons by virtue of Rules 14A.07(1) and 14A.07(4) of the Listing Rules.




126   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions
Following the listing of the Company by way of introduction on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange (in the form of H Shares) for the privatisation of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. by the
Company, the transactions between members of the Group and Haier Group constitute continuing
connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. These connected
transactions have complied with the disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The non-exempt continuing connected transactions include those for Services Supply Framework Agreement,
Services Procurement Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement, Products
and Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and Financial Services Framework Agreement. These
continuing connected transaction agreements (except the Financial Services Framework Agreement) have
been renewed on 28 June 2022 (date of the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company) such that these
agreements shall remain in force up to 31 December 2025. The Financial Services Framework Agreement
had been renewed on 25 June 2021 (date of the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company) and on
26 June 2023 (date of 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company), and shall remain in force up to
31 December 2026. Further details and reasons of these transactions are as follows:

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group had the following material transactions with Haier
Group:

                                                  Cap Amounts             Transaction Amounts
                                                         2023                 2023            2022
                                         Notes        RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000


  Services Supply Framework
    Agreement                              (i)           260,000              69,000                 81,000
  Services Procurement Framework
    Agreement                             (ii)         7,160,000          6,322,000              5,963,000
  Products and Materials Sales
    Framework Agreement                   (iii)        3,480,000          2,515,000              2,859,000
  Products and Materials Procurement
    Framework Agreement                   (iv)        19,090,000         14,801,000             16,712,000
  Financial Services Framework
    Agreement                             (v)




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   127
      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)

                                                                              Cap Amounts                   Transaction Amounts
                                                                                     2023                       2023             2022
                                                               Notes              RMB’000                   RMB’000           RMB’000


            Deposit Services                                     (v)
            (a) Maximum daily outstanding balance                                 34,000,000              33,987,000               31,977,000
            (b) Interest income                                                    1,020,000                 766,000                  570,000
            Loan Services                                        (v)
            (a) Maximum daily outstanding balance                                 10,000,000                   60,000                 338,000
            (b) Interest expense                                                     400,000                       —                    5,000
            Other Financial Services                             (v)
            (a) Maximum daily trading balance of
                  Foreign exchange derivative products                             5,500,000                3,054,000                 413,000
            (b) Service fee                                                           80,000                   24,000                  29,000

      Notes:


      (i)      The Group has provided certain sales-related services mainly comprising after-sale services and value-added consumer services, such
               as installation, calibration, consultation, repair and maintenance and technical support and other services to Haier Group and its
               associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


               The purpose is that our Group has also entered into the Products Sales Framework Agreement with Haier Group, pursuant to which
               our Group would provide certain Products and Materials for Sale to Haier Group and its associates from time to time. The provision
               of sales-related services under the Services Supply Framework Agreement provides Haier Group with a one-stop solution in relation
               to its demands for Products and Materials for Sale from us. The enhancement of purchase experience of Haier Group through
               provision of sales-related services helps our Group maintain a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group.


               Pricing for the after-sale and value-added services provided by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the
               Services Supply Framework Agreement varies taking into account the type and nature of each type of services, and pricing
               increases when a higher degree of technicality or costs are involved for the required service. Each type of services would be
               provided on terms no less favourable to our Group than those prevailing in the PRC market for the services of the same or
               comparable type, nature and quality and at similar time, with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of
               transactions with independent third parties.




128   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                             Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
Notes: (continued)


(ii)    The Group would purchase certain services mainly include logistics services, advertising, promotional and marketing services and
        other comprehensive services from Haier Group and its associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


        The purpose is that the Group and Haier Group have a long-term and stable business relationship. Haier Group is familiar with our
        business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements, and is able to supply relevant services we needed on
        a constant basis. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier
        Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for the relevant services in a stable and quality manner.


        The fees to be paid by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the Services Procurement Framework Agreement
        would be determined with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of transactions with independent third
        parties, or negotiated by the parties on an arm’s-length basis by taking into consideration factors including but not limited to actual
        costs and expenses and market conditions. The prices and terms shall be no less favourable than those offered to our Group by
        independent third parties.


(iii)   The Group has to provide certain products and materials mainly include products for internal consumption, components and raw
        materials for production use and full-suite smart home solutions, including ancillary products and services to Haier Group and its
        associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


        The purpose is that the Group is familiar with Haier Group’s business process and needs, quality standards and operational
        requirements, and is able to supply the Products and Materials for Sale needed by Haier Group on a constant basis and provides
        our Group with a stable income. Our Directors believe that maintaining a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group
        will facilitate our current and future business operations. In addition, our Group is able to leverage on the centralised procurement
        platforms to source the components and materials requested by Haier Group from time to time at a relatively lower cost and profit
        from the spread offered, thereby enjoying benefits from economies of scale.


        The fees to be charged for the Products and Materials for Sale to be sold by our Group to Haier Group and its associates
        pursuant to the Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement would be at such prices to be agreed between the parties, in
        particular:

        —      The prices of sales of products and the smart home solutions would be determined taking into account the type of products
               and solutions, retail volume, market conditions and others, and would be not lower than the price of products and solutions
               of the similar nature, type and quality provided by our Group to comparable independent third parties in the market.

        —      The prices of sales of components and materials would be determined based on actual sales prices of the components and
               materials plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and administrative
               expenses of the members of our Group in providing the components and materials) of no more than 1.25%.


        The sales (including the applied discount rates and commission fee rates) would be on terms no less favourable to our Group than
        those prevailing in the PRC market for products, components and materials of the same or comparable type, nature and quality and
        at similar time as well as those offered by our Group to independent third parties.




                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023        129
      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      (iv)   The Group has to procure certain products and materials mainly comprising products for internal consumption and resale uses,
             production and experimental equipment used, idled, procured and/or tailor-made by Haier Group and its associates for the Group
             internal consumption use, and raw materials and parts required for production use from Haier Group and its associates on a non-
             exclusive basis, from time to time.


             The purpose is that Haier Group is familiar with our business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements,
             and is able to supply the Products and Materials to Procure needed by us on a constant basis. Our Group is allowed to leverage
             on the scale and efficiency of the centralised procurement platform of Haier Group and its associates for its production operations
             of different segments thereby lowering our Group’s procurement costs. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with
             Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for
             relevant stable and quality products, equipment and materials.


             The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the products to procure would be negotiated by the
             parties at arm’s length basis on terms no less favourable than those offered to our Group by independent third parties. In the event
             that there are no appropriate independent third parties providing products and materials of same or similar quality, our Group will
             refer to the fees and terms of products of same or similar quality provided by Haier Group and its associates to independent third
             parties, cost of products and materials, estimated value and market price for comparison and referencing purpose.


             The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the equipment to procure would be determined
             based on arm’s length negotiation after taking into account various factors such as the sources, depreciation, and net asset values
             of such equipment, relevant cost and expense (such as purchase price of such equipment, relevant operational and administrative
             expenses, etc.), with reference to the estimated values and market prices, which is determined based on the historical prices paid
             by our Group to independent third parties in procuring the equipment of similar type and quality.


             The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the materials to procure would be determined based
             on the actual cost (for example, prices obtained by Haier Group and/or its associates through bidding process (if applicable) or
             other actual purchase prices) plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and
             administrative expenses of Haier Group and its associates in providing the materials) of no more than 1.25%, or based on market
             prices, whichever is lower.


      (v)    Haier Group and its associates, Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (collectively “Haier Group Finance”), provided financial services mainly
             comprising deposit services, Loan services and entrusted loan services and other financial services to the Group on a non-exclusive
             basis from time to time.

             The purpose is that Haier Group Finance, as enterprise group finance companies specialising in home appliance industry, can,
             subject to the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission provide a chain of various financial solutions
             to our Group in a more efficient and flexible manner than independent commercial banks. The benefits to our Group to use the
             financial services of Haier Group Finance include: (i) Haier Group Finance’s better understanding of the operations and development
             needs of our Group which should allow more expedient and efficient provision of various tailor-made packaged financial services to
             our Group than other external banks in the PRC; and (ii) the enhanced cost savings by reducing the amount of finance fees and
             charges payable to external banks when Haier Group Finance can offer more favourable terms than those offered by external
             banks.


             In terms of deposit services, pursuant to the Financial Services Framework Agreement, in respect of domestic RMB deposits, Haier
             Group and its associates provides deposit services to our Group, referring to the benchmark deposit interest rate announced by the
             PBOC on its official website for the same period from time to time, at an interest rate no less favourable than the highest interest
             rate for the same type of deposits as quoted by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, China
             Construction Bank, Bank of China and all the listed national joint stock banks in the PRC. Overseas deposits in RMB and foreign
             currencies are implemented in accordance with market principles, and the interest rate of similar deposits is more favourable than
             the highest interest rate of commercial banks available to the Group.




130   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                          Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
Notes: (continued)


(v)     (continued)


        In terms of loan services, Haier Group and its associates would provide loans to our Group at a price no less favourable than the
        market prices determined at arm’s length basis with reference to the borrowing rate for the same type of loans charged by other
        two to three major financial institutions/commercial banks. The entrusted loan services provided by Haier Group and its associates
        as a financial service institution for our Group are provided on a free-of-charge basis. Our Group may use the internet banking
        system of Haier Group and its associates for settlement on a free-of-charge basis.


        In terms of provision of Other Financial Services, the fees charged by Haier Group and its associates would be determined based
        on relevant market prices with reference to the benchmark rates published by the PBOC on its official website from time to time; if
        there is no such benchmark rates published by the PBOC for that kind of financial service, the fee would be determined with
        reference to, amongst other factors, the rates charged by other major financial institutions/commercial banks for the same types of
        services and on terms no less favourable than those offered by independent commercial banks/financial institutions in the PRC to
        our Group. Haier Group and its associates pools its resource advantages to obtain the lowest service fees and the best services
        from external financial institutions, and agrees that Haier Group and its associates would not charge any intermediate fees except
        those charged by external banks. In addition, Haier Group and its associates agrees to waive all the service fees to be paid by our
        Group to Haier Group and its associates, including without limitation, account management fees, online banking activation fees,
        inquiry fees, deposit certificate fees, credit certificate fees, and internal settlement fees.


The internal audit department of the Company reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the
adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control procedures, and provided the findings to the independent
non-executive Directors to assist them in performing their annual reviews. The independent non-executive
Directors also made appropriate enquiries with the management to ensure that they have sufficient
information to review the transactions and the internal control procedures. The INEDs have reviewed the
continuing connected transactions set out above and have confirmed that these continuing connected
transactions were entered into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(ii)    on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
        independent third parties; and

(iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
        in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.




                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023      131
      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      The amounts of the continuing connected transactions have not exceeded the caps disclosed in (i) the listing
      document for the Company’s H Shares, or (ii) other previous announcements and shareholders’ circulars
      published by the Company.

      HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, the Company’s auditors, were engaged to report on the Group’s
      continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
      3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and
      with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under
      the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. HLB
      Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, have issued their unqualified letter to the Board containing their findings and
      conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in
      accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules as follows:

      a.    nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing
            connected transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors.

      b.    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their
            attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in
            accordance with the pricing policies of the Group.

      c.    nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not
            entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
            transactions.

      d.    with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions set out in the
            above list of continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their attention that causes the
            auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual
            caps as set by the Company.

      Save as disclosed in this chapter, none of the related party transactions set out in note 13 to the financial
      statements constitute connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
      No contracts concerning the management and/or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
      business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

      DONATIONS
      During the year, the Company’s expenditure on charitable donation was approximately RMB6.85 million.




132   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                       Report of the Directors




TAXATION POLICIES FOR DIVIDEND
Taxation policies applicable to the shareholders in respect of the cash dividend received for the shares held
by them in the Company shall follow the laws and regulations as revised from time to time by the state,
details in relation thereto will be otherwise announced by the Company.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as
at the date of this report, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public,
and the H Shares was more than 15% of our Company’s total number of issued shares. Therefore, the
Company is able to meet the minimum public float requirement under the Listing Rules.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Details of the significant events of the Group after the reporting period are set out in note 49 to the financial
statements.

AUDITORS
There have been no changes of auditors in the preceding three years, and Hexin Certified Public
Accountants LLP audited the 2023 annual financial statements prepared by the Company in accordance with
Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (PRC Accounting Standards).

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited audited the 2023 annual financial statements prepared by the Company
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.




On behalf of the Board




Li Huagang
Chairman

Qingdao, the PRC
27 March 2024




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   133
      INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT




      TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
      HAIER SMART HOME CO., LTD.
      (incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

      OPINION
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and
      its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 141 to 295, which comprise the
      consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
      consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
      statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
      position of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
      consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
      Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been
      properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      BASIS FOR OPINION
      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
      Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards
      are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
      Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
      with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide
      a basis for our opinion.

      KEY AUDIT MATTERS
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
      audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
      context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
      and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




134   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                         Independent Auditors’ Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
 Key audit matter                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Provision for impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets

 Refer to Notes 2.3, 3, 17 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements

 The Group had goodwill and other intangible         Our procedures in relation to the management’s
 assets with carrying amounts of approximately       impairment assessment included but not limited to:
 RMB24,290 million and RMB9,101 million
 respectively as at 31 December 2023.                •    Evaluating the competency, capabilities and
                                                          objectively of the independent professional
 This impairment assessment conclusion was
                                                          external valuer;
 arrived at based on estimation of the recoverable
 amount of the goodwill and other intangible
                                                     •    Assessing the appropriateness of the methodology
 assets as at 31 December 2023 using the
                                                          and key assumptions and inputs used based on
 value-in-use model, which required exercise
 of management judgement with respect to the              our knowledge of the business and of the relevant
 determination of appropriate discount rate and           industry and using our valuation experts;
 estimation of forecasted cash flows for the
 financial projection period, in particular future   •    Challenging management about the valuation
 revenue growth.                                          reasonableness of key assumptions and inputs
                                                          used, based on our knowledge of the business
 We focused on this area due to the size of               and industry; and
 the balances and the judgement exercised
 by management in determining impairment             •    Checking, on sampling basis, the accuracy and
 assessment on goodwill and independent external          relevance of the input data used.
 valuation were obtained in order to support
 management’s estimates other intangible assets      Based on the procedures performed, we found that
 as at 31 December 2023.
                                                     the management judgement and estimates used in
                                                     impairment assessment were supported by the
                                                     available evidence.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   135
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
        Key audit matter                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter


        Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories

        Refer to Notes 2.3, 3 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements

        As at 31 December 2023, the Group had                 Our procedures in relation to the management’s
        inventories of approximately RMB39,524 million        assessment on provision for obsolete and slow-moving
        and recognised provision for obsolete and slow-       inventory included but not limited to:
        moving inventories of approximately RMB1,091
        million to consolidated statement of profit or loss   •    Evaluating the estimates made by management
        during the year ended 31 December 2023.
                                                                   and used to determine the provision obsolete
                                                                   and slow-moving inventories during the year and
        The provision against obsolete and slow-moving
                                                                   compare to the provisions made in prior year;
        inventories is estimated based on the net
        realisable value of the inventories with reference
        to the latest selling prices and current market       •    Performing a recalculation, on a sample basis, of
        conditions.                                                the inventory provision made on individual
                                                                   inventories;
        Management judgement is involved in estimating
        the selling price for inventories, the costs of       •    Sample checking on the subsequent selling price
        completion and the costs necessary to make the             of finished goods; and
        sale.
                                                              •    Checking the ageing profile of inventories, the
        We focused on this area due to the size of                 historical sales and usage records of the
        the balances and the judgement exercised by                inventories.
        management in determining the obsolete and
        slow-moving inventories.                              Based on the procedures performed, we found that
                                                              the management judgement and estimates used in the
                                                              provision assessment against obsolete and slow-
                                                              moving inventories were supported by the available
                                                              evidence.




136   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                         Independent Auditors’ Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
 Key audit matter                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Provision for product warranties

 Refer to Notes 2.3, 3 and 32 to the consolidated financial statements

 As at 31 December 2023, the Group had               Our procedures in relation to the management’s
 provision for product warranties of approximately   assessment on provision for product warranties
 RMB3,809 million. Product warranty provisions       included but not limited to:
 were made with reference to the sales volume and
 the expected unit costs for warranty services.      •    Evaluating the estimates made by management
                                                          and used to determine the provision for product
 The assessment of the provision amount involves
                                                          warranties during the year and compare to the
 management assumptions, judgements and
                                                          provisions made in prior year;
 estimates.

 We focused on this area due to the                  •    Performing a recalculation, on a sample basis, of
 management’s judgements were required in                 the provision made;
 determining the value of provision for product
 warranties.                                         •    Sample checking on the subsequent costs of
                                                          warranty services; and

                                                     •    Comparing the provision made by the Group and
                                                          the operation result of the Group.

                                                     Based on the procedures performed, we found that
                                                     the management judgement and estimates used in the
                                                     provision assessment against product warranties were
                                                     supported by the available evidence.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   137
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      OTHER INFORMATION
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
      information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
      auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
      information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
      consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
      materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
      misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
      regard.

      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR
      THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
      that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements
      of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
      necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
      misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
      the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
      operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

      AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
      whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report
      that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
      for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
      contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
      audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
      Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
      they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
      consolidated financial statements.




138   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                             Independent Auditors’ Report




AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
     due to fraud or error, design, and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
     evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
     a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
     involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
     are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
     based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
     conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
     conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
     the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
     to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
     auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
     going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
     transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
     responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
     responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   139
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
      significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
      key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes
      public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
      should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
      reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Tien Sun Kit, Jack.




      HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
      Certified Public Accountants

      Tien Sun Kit, Jack
      Practising Certificate Number: P07364

      Hong Kong, 27 March 2024




140   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
  LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                            Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


REVENUE                                                      5                261,422                243,550
Cost of sales                                                                (180,719)              (168,960)


Gross profit                                                                   80,703                 74,590
Other gains, net                                             5                  3,463                  2,913
Selling and distribution expenses                                             (40,978)               (38,601)
Administrative expenses                                                       (23,152)               (21,696)
Finance costs                                                7                 (2,111)                  (997)
Share of profits and losses of associates                                       1,787                  1,582


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                            6                 19,712                 17,791
Income tax expenses                                          10                (2,980)                 (3,058)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                            16,732                 14,733


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
   subsequently periods:
   Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of
     associates                                                                   (104)                   100
   Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
     instrument for cash flow hedges, net of tax                                   (99)                    10
   Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                         (336)                 3,159


                                                                                  (539)                 3,269


Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in
   subsequent periods:
   Changes arising from re-measurement of defined
     benefit plans                                                                  40                     33
   Change in fair value of equity investments designated
     at fair value through other comprehensive income
     (“FVTOCI”), net of tax                                                        463                   (137)


                                                                                   503                   (104)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR
 THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                                              (36)                 3,165


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                        16,696                 17,898



                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   141
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                         2023         2022
                                                         Notes         RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                                 (Restated)


        Profit for the year attributable to:
          Owners of the Company                                         16,597      14,712
          Non-controlling interests                                        135          21


                                                                        16,732      14,733


        Total comprehensive income attributable to:
          Owners of the Company                                         16,576      17,879
          Non-controlling interests                                        120          19


                                                                        16,696      17,898


        EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
         ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
         — Basic (RMB per share)                           12             1.79        1.58
         — Diluted (RMB per share)                         12             1.78        1.57




142   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                            FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                        As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                            Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                14                35,495                 31,857
Investment properties                                        15                    99                    103
Right-of-use assets                                         16(a)               6,273                  5,166
Goodwill                                                     17                24,290                 23,644
Other intangible assets                                      18                 9,101                  9,135
Interests in associates                                      19                25,547                 24,528
Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                      20                 6,404                  5,852
Financial assets measured at amortised cost                  22                 9,192                  1,339
Long-term prepayments                                        26                 1,747                  1,672
Deferred tax assets                                          34                 1,806                  1,724
Other non-current assets                                                          805                    519


Total non-current assets                                                      120,759                105,539


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                  24                39,524                 41,588
Trade and bills receivables                                  25                28,890                 25,511
Contract assets                                             30(a)                 261                    310
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                  26                 6,908                  6,563
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or
  loss (“FVTPL”)                                             21                   954                    520
Financial assets measured at amortised cost                  22                 1,530                  1,642
Derivative financial instruments                             23                    68                    183
Pledged deposits                                             27                   448                    665
Other deposit with limited use                               27                    61                    105
Cash and cash equivalents                                    27                53,977                 53,392


Total current assets                                                          132,621                130,479


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                     28                69,278                 66,984
Other payables and accruals                                  29                27,368                 24,784
Contract liabilities                                        30(b)               7,732                  9,353
Interest-bearing borrowings                                  31                10,408                 12,514
Lease liabilities                                           16(b)               1,040                    903
Tax payables                                                                    1,556                  1,706
Provisions                                                   32                 2,532                  2,537
Derivative financial instruments                             23                   169                    105


Total current liabilities                                                     120,083                118,886



                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   143
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                   Notes           RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


        NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                          12,538            11,593


        TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                      133,297           117,132


        NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
        Interest-bearing borrowings                                 31              17,988            13,627
        Lease liabilities                                          16(b)             3,287             2,824
        Deferred income                                             33                 948               835
        Deferred tax liabilities                                    34               2,028             2,359
        Provisions for pensions and similar obligations             43               1,085             1,011
        Provisions                                                  32               1,935             1,611
        Derivative financial instruments                            23                  —                 17
        Other non-current liabilities                                                  114                98


        Total non-current liabilities                                               27,385            22,382


        Net assets                                                                 105,912            94,750


        EQUITY
        Share capital                                               35               9,438             9,447
        Reserves                                                    37              94,076            84,012


        Equity attributable to owners of the Company                               103,514            93,459
        Non-controlling interests                                                    2,398             1,291


        Total equity                                                               105,912            94,750


      The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on
      27 March 2024 and signed on its behalf by:




                            Mr. Li Huagang                                   Mr. Gong Wei
                               Chairman                                     Executive Director

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




144   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                        Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Exchange
                                                                                                                                                   Remeasurement                                     Equity                                                differences on                    Treasury
                                                                                                                                    Share-based         of defined    Cash flow                    method            Reserve     Convertible                    translation                     shares                                 Non-
                                                                                                               Issued    Capital      payments       benefits plans     hedges    FVTOCI       investments             funds          bond     Retained            reserve        Other        reserve       Total               controlling     Total
                                                                                                      Notes     equity   reserve         reserve            reserve     reserve   reserve           reserve       (Note 37(i))      reserve      profits      (Note 37(iii))   reserves   (Note 37(vi))   reverses      Total      interests    equity
                                                                                                              RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M              RMB’M       RMB’M     RMB’M            RMB’M             RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M              RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M        RMB’M      RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M


                                                At 1 January 2022                                              9,399     21,631             262                 73           3     1,006              (341)            3,437            119     47,968              (1,921)        773          (2,424)    70,586     79,985         1,290     81,275
                                                Effect of business combination under common
                                                   control                                                         —         30              —                  —            —         —                —                  —             —           21                  —          —               —          51         51             —         51


                                                At 1 January 2022 (restated)                                   9,399     21,661             262                 73           3     1,006              (341)            3,437            119     47,989              (1,921)        773          (2,424)    70,637     80,036         1,290     81,326


                                                Profit for the year                                                —         —               —                  —            —         —                —                  —             —      14,712                   —          —               —      14,712     14,712             21    14,733
                                                Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                                                — Share of other comprehensive income of
                                                     associates                                                    —         —               —                  —            —         —               100                 —             —           —                   —          —               —         100        100             —        100
                                                — Effective portion of changes in fair value of
                                                    hedging instrument for cashflow hedges,
                                                    net of tax                                                     —         —               —                  —            2         —                —                  —             —           —                   —          —               —            2          2             8        10
                                                — Exchange differences on translating foreign
                                                    operations                                                     —         —               —                  —            —         —                —                  —             —           —               3,169          —               —       3,169      3,169            (10)    3,159
                                                — Changes arising from re-measurement of defined
                                                    benefit plans                                                  —         —               —                  33           —         —                —                  —             —           —                   —          —               —          33         33             —         33
                                                — Change in fair value of equity investments
                                                     designated at FVTOCI                                          —         —               —                  —            —       (137)              —                  —             —           —                   —          —               —        (137)      (137)            —       (137)


                                                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                     —         —               —                  33           2       (137)             100                 —             —      14,712               3,169          —               —      17,879     17,879             19    17,898
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                Dividend payable to owners of the Company
                                                   (Note 38(b))                                                    —         —               —                  —            —         —                —                  —             —       (4,297)                 —          —               —       (4,297)    (4,297)           —      (4,297)
                                                Dividend payable to non-controlling interests
                                                   (Note 38(b))                                                    —         —               —                  —            —         —                —                  —             —           —                   —          —               —           —          —            (19)       (19)
                                                Transfer to reserves fund                                          —         —               —                  —            —         —                —                576             —         (576)                 —          —               —           —          —             —          —
                                                Recognition of equity settled share-based payment                  —         —              912                 —            —         —                —                 —              —           —                   —          —               —         912        912             —        912
                                                Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that
                                                   do not result in a loss of control                              —         (49)            —                  —            —         —                —                  —             —           —                   —        (166)             —         (215)      (215)           —        (215)
                                                Business combination under common control                          —       (305)             —                  —            —         —                —                  —             —           —                   —          —               —         (305)      (305)           —        (305)
                                                Purchase of treasury shares                                        —          —              —                  —            —         —                —                  —             —           —                   —          —           (2012)      (2012)     (2012)            —      (2012)
                                                Share repurchased and cancelled (Note 35)                         (15)     (315)             —                  —            —         —                —                  —             —           —                   —          —             330           15         —             —          —
                                                Issue of share                                                     41       895              —                  —            —         —                —                  —             —           —                   —          —              —           895       936             1        937
                                                Issue of shares upon conversion of convertible bond                22       458              —                  —            —         —                —                  —           (119)         —                   —          —              —           339       361             —        361
                                                Other changes                                                      —         (24)            —                  —            —          1               —                  —             —          157                  —        (218)           248          164       164             —        164


                                                At 31 December 2022 (restated)                                 9,447     22,321           1,174                106           5       870              (241)            4,013             —      57,985               1,248         389          (3,858)    84,012     93,459         1,291     94,750
Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          As at 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CHANGES IN EQUITY

145
146

                                                                                                                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Exchange
                                                                                                                                                   Remeasurement                                   Equity                                             differences on                     Treasury
                                                                                                                                    Share-based        of defined    Cash flow                   method           Reserve     Convertible                  translation                     shares                                  Non-
                                                                                                              Issued     Capital      payments      benefits plans     hedges     FVTOCI     investments            funds          bond     Retained          reserve        Other        reserve        Total               controlling      Total
                                                                                                      Notes    equity    reserve         reserve           reserve     reserve    reserve         reserve      (Note 37(i))      reserve      profits    (Note 37(iii))   reserves    (Note 37(vi))   reverses     Total       interests     equity
                                                                                                              RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M             RMB’M       RMB’M           RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       As at 31 December 2023




                                                At 1 January 2023                                               9,447     22,291           1,174              106            5       870            (241)            4,013             —      57,979             1,248        389           (3,858)     83,976     93,423         1,291      94,714
                                                Effect of business combination under common
                                                   control                                                         —         30               —                 —           —          —               —                —              —            6               —           —               —          36         36              —         36


                                                At 1 January 2023 (restated)                                    9,447     22,321           1,174              106            5       870            (241)            4,013             —      57,985             1,248        389           (3,858)     84,012     93,459         1,291      94,750
Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023




                                                Profit for the year                                                —          —               —                 —           —          —               —                —              —      16,597                —           —               —       16,597     16,597           135      16,732
                                                Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                                                — Share of other comprehensive loss of associates                  —          —               —                 —           —          —            (104)               —              —           —                —           —               —         (104)      (104)            —        (104)
                                                — Effective portion of changes in fair value of
                                                    hedging instrument for cashflow hedges, net of
                                                                                                                   —          —               —                 —                      —               —                —              —           —                —           —               —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


                                                    tax                                                                                                                    (98)                                                                                                                            (98)       (98)            (1)       (99)
                                                — Exchange differences on translating foreign
                                                    operations                                                     —          —               —                 —           —          —               —                —              —           —              (322)         —               —         (322)      (322)           (14)      (336)
                                                — Changes arising from re-measurement of defined
                                                    benefit plans                                                  —          —               —                40           —          —               —                —              —           —                —           —               —          40         40              —         40
                                                — Change in fair value of equity investments
                                                     designated at FVTOCI                                          —          —               —                 —           —        463               —                —              —           —                —           —               —         463        463              —        463


                                                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                     —          —               —                40          (98)      463            (104)               —              —      16,597              (322)         —               —       16,576     16,576           120      16,696


                                                Dividend payable to owners of the Company
                                                   (Note 38(b))                                                    —          —               —                 —           —          —               —                —              —       (5,254)              —           —               —       (5,254)    (5,254)            —      (5,254)
                                                Dividend payable to non-controlling interests
                                                   (Note 38(b))                                                    —          —               —                 —           —          —               —                —              —           —                —           —               —           —          —             (25)       (25)
                                                Transfer to reserves fund                                          —          —               —                 —           —          —               —               828             —        (828)               —           —               —           —          —              —          —
                                                Recognition of equity settled share-based payment                  —          —             611                 —           —          —               —                —              —          —                 —           —               —         611        611              —        611
                                                Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that
                                                   do not result in a loss of control                              —         (31)             —                 —           —          —               —                —              —           —                —           —               —          (31)       (31)        1,012         981
                                                Business combination under common control                          —         (95)             —                 —           —          —               —                —              —           —                —           —               —          (95)       (95)           —          (95)
                                                Purchase of treasury shares                                        —          —               —                 —           —          —               —                —              —           —                —           —           (1,802)     (1,802)    (1,802)           —       (1,802)
                                                Share repurchased and cancelled (Note 35)                          (9)      (173)             —                 —           —          —               —                —              —           —                —           —              182           9         —             —           —
                                                Other changes                                                      —         (53)             —                 —           —          —               —                —              —          38                —         (379)            444          50        50             —          50


                                                At 31 December 2023                                             9,438     21,969           1,785              146          (93)     1,333           (345)            4,841             —      68,538               926         10           (5,034)     94,076    103,514         2,398     105,912
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                               CASH FLOWS
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                              Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax                                                                19,712                 17,791
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                7                   2,111                    997
  Interest income                                              5                  (1,536)                  (949)
  Share of profits and losses of associates                                       (1,787)                (1,582)
  Dividends income from equity investment designated
     at FVTOCI                                                 5                     (59)                    (32)
  Gain on disposal of financial assets/liabilities measured
     at FVTPL, net                                             5                      (1)                    (99)
  Gain on disposal of associates and subsidiaries              5                     (14)                    (27)
  Loss/(gain) on disposal of non-current assets, net           5                     112                   (182)
  Fair value (gain)/loss on financial assets/liabilities
     measured at FVTPL, net                                    5                    (20)                    122
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                6                  4,422                   4,026
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets and investment
     properties                                                6                  1,108                     933
  Amortisation of other intangible assets and other
     non-current assets                                        6                  1,269                   1,092
  Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories, net      6                  1,091                   1,145
  Impairment of trade and bills receivables, prepayments,
     deposits and other receivables and long-term
     prepayments, net                                          6                     568                    712
  Impairment of property, plant and equipment, interests
     in associates, other intangible assets and contract
     assets, net                                               6                      88                     74
  Equity-settled share-based expense                           6                     611                    912


Operating cash inflow before movements in working
   capital                                                                       27,675                 24,933
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                  982                  (2,783)
(Increase)/decrease in trade and bills receivables,
   prepayments, deposits and other receivables and
   contract assets                                                                (3,882)                 1,795
Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables,
   other payable and accruals and contract liabilities                            3,001                  (1,983)
Change in other working capital                                                     101                      96


Cash generated from operations                                                   27,877                 22,058
Interest received                                                                 1,086                     555
Income tax paid                                                                  (3,701)                 (2,358)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                     25,262                 20,255



                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   147
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                    2023          2022
                                                                  RMB’M        RMB’M
                                                                             (Restated)


        Cash flows from investing activities
        Payment for purchases of non-current assets                (9,907)      (8,209)
        Proceeds from disposals of non-current assets                 168          229
        Payments for and proceeds from acquisition and
          disposals of subsidiaries, net                             (156)         (240)
        Payment for acquisition of associates                        (111)         (555)
        Proceeds from disposal of associates                           71           302
        Payment for purchases of equity investments designated
          at FVTOCI                                                    —        (1,028)
        Proceeds from disposals of equity investments
          designated at FVTOCI                                          7             —
        Payment for purchases of financial assets measured at
          amortised cost and financial assets at FVTPL            (16,050)     (11,956)
        Proceeds from disposals of financial assets measured at
          amortised cost and financial assets at FVTPL             8,068        11,846
        Dividends received from associates                           684           523
        Dividends and interest received from equity investment
          designated at FVTOCI, financial assets measured at
          amortised cost and financial assets at FVTPL               141            163


        Net cash used in investing activities                     (17,085)      (8,925)


        Cash flows from financing activities
        Proceed from issue of share                                    —            940
        Repurchases of shares                                      (1,802)       (2,012)
        Proceeds from borrowings                                   19,958       18,380
        Repayments of borrowings                                  (18,423)     (14,763)
        Repayment of convertible bond                                  —               (5)
        Dividends paid to shareholders                             (5,254)       (4,297)
        Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                   (24)           (35)
        Lease payments                                             (1,138)         (959)
        Interest paid for borrowings                               (1,946)         (821)
        Capital contribution from non-controlling interest            910             46
        Other financing cash flows                                   (122)         (374)


        Net cash used in financing activities                      (7,841)      (3,900)




148   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                        2023                   2022
                                                                      RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                          (Restated)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                  336                  7,430

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                     53,392                 45,202

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                               249                    760


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                           53,977                 53,392


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS
Non-pledged cash and bank balances                                     29,570                 26,247
Time deposits                                                          24,407                 27,145


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the Statement
  of financial position                                                53,977                 53,392




                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   149
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP
            The predecessor of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) was
            Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, which was established in 1984. In 1989, based on the reorganization of
            the original Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, a limited company was set up by directional fund raising of
            RMB150 million. In 1993, after converting to a public subscription company and issuing additional 50
            million shares to the public, the A shares of the Company were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange in
            November 1993. The D shares and H shares of the Company were listed on the Frankfurt Stock
            Exchange in December 2018 and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in December 2021
            respectively.

            The address of the registered office is located at the Haier Science and Technology Innovation
            Ecological Park, Laoshan District, Qingdao, Shandong Province.

            In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the ultimate controlling parent company of the
            Company is Haier Group Corporation (“Haier Group”).

            The Company is mainly engaged in research, development, production and sales of home appliances
            covering refrigerator/freezers, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances, water appliances
            and other smart home business, as well as offering complete sets of smart home solutions.

            The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
            currency of the Company and all values are rounded to the nearest million (“RMB’M”) (“’M”), except
            when otherwise indicated.




150   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                       Issued
                                                                     ordinary/
                                                                   registered
                                    Place of Incorporation/      share capital      Percentage of equity attributable to                                    Type of
     Name                           registration of business               ’M        the Company as at 31 December               Principal activities       legal status        Note
                                                                                        2023                    2022
                                                                                  Direct     Indirect    Direct      Indirect


     Wonder Global (BVI)            British virgin Islands         RMB18,596          —         100           —          100     Manufacture and sale of    Limited liability    (i)
       Investment Limited              (“BVI”)/BVI                                                                                 household appliances        company
                                                                                                                                   and logistics service

     Haier U.S. Appliance           USA/USA                      United States        —         100           —          100     Home appliances            Limited liability    (i)
       Solutions, Inc.                                          Dollars (“USD”)                                                    production and              company
                                                                          2,307                                                    distribution business

     Haier Singapore Investment     Singapore/Singapore              USD1,708         —         100           —          100     Home appliances            Limited liability    (ii)
       Holding Co., Ltd                                                                                                            production and              company
                                                                                                                                   distribution business

     Haier New Zealand Limited      New Zealand/New Zealand      New Zealand          —         100           —          100     Home appliances            Limited liability    (ii)
       Investment Holding                                       Dollars (“NZD”)                                                    production and              company
       Company                                                              596                                                    distribution business

     Candy S.p.A.                   Italy/Italy                Euro (“EUR”) 42        —         100           —          100     Home appliances            Limited liability    (iv)
                                                                                                                                   production and              company
                                                                                                                                   distribution business

     Fisher & Paykel Appliances     New Zealand/New Zealand           NSD246          —         100           —          100     Research, development, Limited liability        (ii)
        Limited                                                                                                                    manufacture, sale and   company
                                                                                                                                   distribution of home
                                                                                                                                   appliance business

     Haier Electronic Group Co.,    Bermuda/Mainland China Hong Kong Dollar         100           —          100          —      Investment holding         Limited liability    (iii)
       Ltd.                                                        (“HKD”)                                                                                     company
                                                                     3,107

     Qingdao Haier Air              Mainland China/Mainland           RMB918      92.37           —          100          —      Manufacture and sale of    Limited liability    (iii)
       Conditioner Gen. Corp.,        China                                                                                        household air-              company
       Ltd                                                                                                                         conditioners

     Guizhou Haier Electronics      Mainland China/Mainland           RMB141         59           —           59          —      Manufacture and sale of    Limited liability    (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                      China                                                                                        refrigerator                company

     Hefei Haier Air-conditioning   Mainland China/Mainland            RMB12        100           —          100          —      Manufacture and sale of    Limited liability    (iii)
       Co., Limited.                  China                                                                                        air-conditioners            company

     Wuhan Haier. Electronics       Mainland/China                     RMB62      59.86           —           60          —      Manufacture and sale of    Limited liability    (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                   air-conditioners            company

     Qingdao Haier Air-             Mainland China/Mainland           RMB958      97.43           —          100          —      Manufacture and sale of    Limited liability    (iii)
       Conditioner Electronics        China                                                                                        air-conditioners            company
       Co.,

     Qingdao Haier Information      Mainland China/Mainland            RMB78        100           —          100          —      Manufacturing of plastic   Limited liability    (iii)
       Plastic Development            China                                                                                        products
       Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023                      151
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                             Issued
                                                                           ordinary/
                                                                         registered
                                            Place of Incorporation/    share capital     Percentage of equity attributable to                                     Type of
            Name                            registration of business             ’M       the Company as at 31 December              Principal activities         legal status        Note
                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                       Direct     Indirect    Direct      Indirect


            Dalian Haier Precision          Mainland China/Mainland          RMB48       100           —           90          —     Manufacture and sale of      Limited liability    (iii)
              Products Co., Ltd.              China                                                                                    precise plastics              company

            Hefei Haier Plastic Co., Ltd.   Mainland China/Mainland          RMB41     95.17         4.83       95.17        4.83    Manufacture and sale of      Limited liability    (iii)
                                              China                                                                                    plastic parts                 company

            Qingdao Meier Plastic           Mainland China/Mainland          RMB12        40           60          40          60    Manufacture of plastic       Limited liability    (iii)
              Powder Co., Ltd.                China                                                                                    powder, plastic sheet         company
                                                                                                                                       and high-performance
                                                                                                                                       coatings

            Chongqing Haier Precision       Mainland China/Mainland          RMB65        90           10          90          10    Plastic products, sheet    Limited liability      (iii)
              Plastic Co., Ltd.               China                                                                                     metal work, electronics    company
                                                                                                                                        and hardware

            Qingdao Haier Refrigerator      Mainland China/Mainland         RMB207     97.91           —          100          —     Manufacture and              Limited liability    (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                       China                                                                                    production of                 company
                                                                                                                                       fluorine-free
                                                                                                                                       refrigerators

            Qingdao Haier Refrigerator      Mainland China/Mainland         RMB260       100           —          100          —     Manufacture of               Limited liability    (iii)
              (International) Co., Ltd.       China                                                                                    refrigerators                 company

            Qingdao Household               Mainland China/Mainland          RMB67       100           —          100          —     Research and development Limited liability        (iii)
              Appliance Technology            China                                                                                    of home appliances        company
              and Equipment Research                                                                                                   mold and technological
              Institute                                                                                                                equipment

            Qingdao Haier Whole Set         Mainland China/Mainland         RMB120     98.33           —        98.33          —     Research, development        Limited liability    (iii)
              Home Appliance Service          China                                                                                    and sales of                  company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                health-related small
                                                                                                                                       home appliance

            Qingdao Haier Special           Mainland China/Mainland         RMB166       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of Limited liability        (iii)
              Refrigerator Co., Ltd.          China                                                                                    fluorine-free             company
                                                                                                                                       refrigerators

            Qingdao Haier Dishwasher        Mainland China/Mainland         RMB180     99.59           —          100          —     Manufacture of dish          Limited liability    (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                       China                                                                                    washing machine and           company
                                                                                                                                       gas stove

            Qingdao Haier Special           Mainland China/Mainland         RMB388     96.78           —          100          —     Research, manufacture      Limited liability      (iii)
              Freezer Co., Ltd.               China                                                                                    and sales of freezer and    company
                                                                                                                                       other refrigeration
                                                                                                                                       products

            Dalian Haier Air-               Mainland China/Mainland         RMB110        90           —           90          —     Air conditioner processing Limited liability      (iii)
              Conditioning Co., Ltd.          China                                                                                      and manufacturing         company

            Dalian Haier Refrigerator       Mainland China/Mainland         RMB110       100           —          100          —     Refrigerator processing      Limited liability    (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                       China                                                                                     and manufacturing            company




152   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                     Issued
                                                                   ordinary/
                                                                 registered
                                    Place of Incorporation/    share capital     Percentage of equity attributable to                                      Type of
     Name                           registration of business             ’M       the Company as at 31 December               Principal activities         legal status        Note
                                                                                     2023                    2022
                                                                               Direct     Indirect    Direct      Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Electronic       Mainland China/Mainland          RMB60       100           —          100          —      Development, assembling Limited liability         (iii)
       Plastic Co., Ltd               China                                                                                     and sales of plastics,   company
                                                                                                                                electronics and product

     Wuhan Haier Freezer Co.,       Mainland China/Mainland          RMB57     82.93         4.36          95           5     Research, manufacture      Limited liability      (iii)
       Ltd.                           Chain                                                                                     and sales of freezer and    company
                                                                                                                                other refrigeration
                                                                                                                                products

     Qingdao Haidarui               Mainland China/Mainland         RMB110        98            2          98           2     Develop, purchase and sell Limited liability      (iii)
       Procurement Service            Chain                                                                                     electrical products and     company
       Co., Ltd                                                                                                                 components

     Qingdao Haier Intelligent      Mainland China/Mainland         RMB357     91.46         1.01       91.46        1.01     Development and           Limited liability       (iii)
       Home Appliance                 China                                                                                     application of home        company
       Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     appliances,
                                                                                                                                communication,
                                                                                                                                electronics and network
                                                                                                                                engineering technology

     Chongqing Haier                Mainland China/Mainland         RMB130     76.92        23.08       76.92       23.08     Manufacture and sales of Limited liability        (iii)
       Air-conditioning Co., Ltd.     China                                                                                     air conditioners          company

     Qingdao Haier Precision        Mainland China/Mainland          RMB10         —           70          —           70     Development and          Limited liability        (iii)
       Products Co., Ltd              China                                                                                     manufacture of precise    company
                                                                                                                                plastic, metal plate,
                                                                                                                                mould and electronic
                                                                                                                                products for home
                                                                                                                                appliances

     Qingdao Haier Air              Mainland China/Mainland          RMB20         —           70          —          100     Manufacture of home          Limited liability    (iii)
       Conditioning Equipment         China                                                                                     appliances and                company
       Co., Ltd                                                                                                                 electronics

     Dalian Free Trade Zone         Mainland China/Mainland           RMB1         —         100           —          100     Domestic trade               Limited liability    (iii)
       Haier Air-conditioning         China                                                                                                                   company
       Trading Co., Ltd.

     Dalian Free Trade Zone         Mainland China/Mainland           RMB1         —         100           —          100     Domestic trade               Limited liability    (iii)
       Haier Refrigerator             China                                                                                                                   company
       Trading Co., Ltd.

     Chongqing Haier                Mainland China/Mainland          RMB10        95            5          95           5     Sales of home appliances Limited liability        (iii)
       Electronics Sales Co.,         China                                                                                                               company
       Ltd.

     Chongqing Haier                Mainland China/Mainland         RMB108     84.95        15.05       84.95       15.05     Processing and               Limited liability    (iii)
       Refrigeration Appliance        China                                                                                      manufacturing of             company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                 refrigerator




                                                                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023                        153
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                             Issued
                                                                           ordinary/
                                                                         registered
                                            Place of Incorporation/    share capital     Percentage of equity attributable to                                     Type of
            Name                            registration of business             ’M       the Company as at 31 December              Principal activities         legal status        Note
                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                       Direct     Indirect    Direct      Indirect


            Hefei Haier Refrigerator Co.,   Mainland China/Mainland          RMB49       100           —          100          —     Processing and               Limited liability    (iii)
              Ltd.                            China                                                                                     manufacturing of             company
                                                                                                                                        refrigerator

            Qingdao Haier Intelligent       Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100         —         100           —          100    Air-conditioning engineer    Limited liability    (iii)
              Building Technology Co.,        China                                                                                                                  company
              Ltd.

            Chongqing Lianmai Electric      Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5         —           51          —           51    Sales of home appliances Limited liability        (iii)
              Appliance Sales Co., Ltd.       China                                                                                     and electronics          company

            Qingdao Haier (Jiaozhou)        Mainland China/Mainland         RMB119         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and sale of      Limited liability    (iii)
              Air-conditioning Co.,           China                                                                                    air-conditioners              company
              Limited

            Qingdao Haier Component         Mainland China/Mainland          RMB80         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and sale of      Limited liability    (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                       China                                                                                    plastic and precise           company
                                                                                                                                       sheet metal products

            Shenyang Haier Refrigerator     Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of Limited liability        (iii)
              Co., Ltd                        Chain                                                                                    refrigerator              company

            Foshan Haier Freezer Co.,       Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of Limited liability        (iii)
              Ltd.                            China                                                                                    freezer                   company

            Zhengzhou Haier                 Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of Limited liability        (iii)
              Air-conditioning Co., Ltd.      China                                                                                    air conditioner           company

            Qingdao Haidayuan               Mainland China/Mainland          RMB20       100           —          100          —     Develop, purchase and sell Limited liability      (iii)
              Procurement Service             China                                                                                    electrical products and     company
              Co., Ltd                                                                                                                 components

            Qingdao Haier Intelligent       Mainland China/Mainland         RMB130       100           —          100          —     Development and research Limited liability        (iii)
              Technology Development          China                                                                                    of home appliance         company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                products

            Qingdao Hairi High-Tech         Mainland China/Mainland           RMB7         —         100           —          100    Design, manufacture and Limited liability         (iii)
              Model Co., Ltd.                 China                                                                                    sales of product model   company
                                                                                                                                       and mould

            Qingdao Hai Gao Design          Mainland China/Mainland           RMB1         —           75          —           75    Industrial design and        Limited liability    (iii)
              and Manufacture Co.,            China                                                                                     prototype production         company
              Ltd.

            Beijing Haier Guangke           Mainland China/Mainland           RMB6         —           55          —           55    Development, promotion       Limited liability    (iii)
              Digital Technology Co.,         China                                                                                    and transfer of               company
              Ltd.                                                                                                                     technology




154   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                    Issued
                                                                  ordinary/
                                                                registered
                                   Place of Incorporation/    share capital     Percentage of equity attributable to                                     Type of
     Name                          registration of business             ’M       the Company as at 31 December               Principal activities        legal status        Note
                                                                                    2023                    2022
                                                                              Direct     Indirect    Direct      Indirect


     Shanghai Haier Medical        Mainland China/Mainland          RMB38         —        66.87          —        66.87     Wholesale and retail of     Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.          China                                                                                     medical facility             company

     Qingdao Haier Technology      Mainland China/Mainland          RMB80       100           —          100          —      Development and sales of Limited liability       (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                     China                                                                                     software and              company
                                                                                                                               information product

     Qingdao Haier Technology      Mainland China/Mainland         RMB410       100           —          100          —      Entrepreneurship            Limited liability    (iii)
       Investment Co., Ltd.          China                                                                                      investment and              company
                                                                                                                                consulting

     Qingdao Casarte Smart         Mainland China/Mainland          RMB50         —         100           —          100     Development, production Limited liability        (iii)
       Living Appliances Co.,        China                                                                                     and sales of appliances  company
       Ltd.

     Qingdao Haichuangyuan         Mainland China/Mainland          RMB10         —         100           —          100     Sales of home appliances Limited liability       (iii)
       Appliances Sales Co.,         China                                                                                      and digital products     company
       Ltd.

     Haier Overseas Electric       Mainland China/Mainland         RMB500       100           —          100          —      Sales of home appliances, Limited liability      (iii)
       Appliance Co., Ltd.           China                                                                                      international freight     company
                                                                                                                                forwarding

     Haier Group (Dalina)          Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5       100           —          100          —      Sales of home appliances, Limited liability      (iii)
       Electrical Appliances         China                                                                                      international freight     company
       Industry Co., Ltd                                                                                                        forwarding

     Qingdao Haier Central Air     Mainland China/Mainland         RMB110         —         100           —          100     Production and sales of Limited liability        (iii)
       Conditioning Co., Ltd.        China                                                                                      air-conditioning and    company
                                                                                                                                refrigeration equipment

     Chongqing Haier Home          Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5         —         100           —          100     Sales of home appliances Limited liability       (iii)
       Appliance Sale Hefei Co.,     China                                                                                                               company
       Ltd.

     Qingdao Weixi Smart           Mainland China/Mainland           RMB4         —           85          —        71.43     Intelligent sanitary ware   Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.          China                                                                                                                  company

     Haier U+smart Technology      Mainland China/Mainland         RMB143       100           —          100          —      Software development        Limited liability    (iii)
       (Beijing) Co., Ltd.           China                                                                                                                  company

     Haier (Shanghai) Electronic   Mainland China/Mainland          RMB13       100           —          100          —      Sale, research and          Limited liability    (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                     China                                                                                      development of home         company
                                                                                                                                appliances

     Shanghai Haier Zhongzhi       Mainland China/Mainland           RMB2       100           —          100          —      Business management         Limited liability    (iii)
       Fang Chuang Ke                China                                                                                     consulting chuangke          company
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    management




                                                                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023                       155
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                            Issued
                                                                          ordinary/
                                                                        registered
                                           Place of Incorporation/    share capital     Percentage of equity attributable to                                     Type of
            Name                           registration of business             ’M       the Company as at 31 December              Principal activities         legal status        Note
                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                      Direct     Indirect    Direct      Indirect


            Qingdao Haier Smart            Mainland China/Mainland         RMB180         —        85.82          —          100    Production and sales of      Limited liability    (iii)
              Kitchen Appliances Co.,        China                                                                                     kitchen smart home           company
              Ltd.                                                                                                                     appliances

            GE Appliance (Shanghai)        Mainland China/Mainland          RMB10         —         100           —          100    Sales of home appliances Limited liability        (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                      China                                                                                                              company

            Qingdao Haier Special          Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100         —         100           —          100    Production and sales of      Limited liability    (iii)
              Cooling Appliance Co.,         China                                                                                     home appliances              company
              Ltd.

            Shanghai Zhihan                Mainland China/Mainland          RMB27         —         100           —           55    Promotion of technological Limited liability      (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.           China                                                                                     development                company

            Laiyang Haier Smart            Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100         —         100           —          100    Production and sales of      Limited liability    (iii)
               Kitchen Appliance Co.,        China                                                                                     home appliances              company
               Ltd.

            Hefei Haier Air Conditioning   Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100         —         100           —          100    Production and sales of      Limited liability    (iii)
              Electronics Co., Ltd.          China                                                                                     home appliances              company

            Haier (Shanghai) Home          Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5         —         100           —          100    Research and development Limited liability        (iii)
              Appliance Research and         China                                                                                    of home appliances        company
              Development Center Co.,
              Ltd.

            Haier (Shenzhen) R&D Co.,      Mainland China/Mainland          RMB15         —         100           —          100    Development, research    Limited liability        (iii)
              Ltd.                           China                                                                                    and technical services    company
                                                                                                                                      of household and
                                                                                                                                      commercial electronics

            Guangzhou Haier Air            Mainland China/Mainland         RMB200         —         100           —          100    Manufacturing of         Limited liability        (iii)
              Conditioner Co., Ltd.          China                                                                                    refrigeration and air     company
                                                                                                                                      conditioning equipment

            Qingdao Yunshang Yuyi IOT      Mainland China/Mainland          RMB20         —           60          —           60    IoT technology research      Limited liability    (iii)
               Technology Co., Ltd.          China                                                                                     and development              company

            Qingdao Jija Cloud             Mainland China/Mainland           RMB1         —           80          —           80    R&D and sales of lighting Limited liability       (iii)
              Intelligent Technology         China                                                                                    appliances                 company
              Co., Ltd.

            Qingdao Haimeihui              Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5         —         100           —          100    Leasing and business         Limited liability    (iii)
              Management Consulting          China                                                                                     services                     company
              Co., Ltd.

            Wuxi Yunshang Internet of      Mainland China/Mainland           RMB3         —         100           —          100    Internet of Things           Limited liability    (iii)
              Clothing Technology Co.,       China                                                                                      technology R&D              company
              Ltd.

            Qingdao Haidacheng             Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100       100           —          100          —     Develop, purchase and sell Limited liability      (iii)
              Procurement Service            China                                                                                    electrical products and     company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               components




156   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                 Issued
                                                               ordinary/
                                                             registered
                                Place of Incorporation/    share capital     Percentage of equity attributable to                                      Type of
     Name                       registration of business             ’M       the Company as at 31 December               Principal activities         legal status        Note
                                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                           Direct     Indirect    Direct      Indirect


     Guangdong Heilong          Mainland China/Mainland          RMB33         —        76.72          —        76.72     Scientific research and      Limited liability    (iii)
       Intelligent Technology     China                                                                                      technology service           company
       Co. Ltd                                                                                                               sector

     Beijing Haixianghui        Mainland China/Mainland           RMB8         —         100           —          100     Scientific research and      Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.       China                                                                                      technology service           company
                                                                                                                             sector

     Haier Smart Home           Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100       100           —          100          —      Technology development Limited liability          (iii)
       Experience Cloud           China                                                                                      of smart home            company
       Ecological Technology                                                                                                 products, whole
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             furniture customization,
                                                                                                                             etc.

     Haier Smart Home           Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100         —         100           —          100     Technical services,          Limited liability    (iii)
       (Qingdao) Network Co.,     China                                                                                      development,                 company
       Ltd.                                                                                                                  consulting, transfer,
                                                                                                                             etc.

     Haier Smart Home           Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100         —         100           —          100     Residential interior       Limited liability      (iii)
       (Qingdao) Network          China                                                                                     decoration, professional    company
       Operation Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  construction operation,
                                                                                                                            special equipment
                                                                                                                            installation, upgrading
                                                                                                                            and repair, etc.

     Qingdao Internet of Wine   Mainland China/Mainland          RMB70         —         100           —          100     Urban distribution and      Limited liability     (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd        China                                                                                      transportation services,    company
                                                                                                                             import and export of
                                                                                                                             goods, technology
                                                                                                                             import and export and
                                                                                                                             food business, etc.

     Qingdao Linghai Air        Mainland China/Mainland          RMB10         —         100           —          100     Manufacture and           Limited liability       (iii)
       Conditioning Equipment     China                                                                                     production of air          company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                            conditioners and
                                                                                                                            refrigeration equipment

     Shenzhen Yunshang Yilian   Mainland China/Mainland           RMB1         —         100           —          100     Import and export            Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.       China                                                                                      business, Internet,          company
                                                                                                                             Internet of things, big
                                                                                                                             data, AI, AR and
                                                                                                                             technical services
                                                                                                                             operation

     Qingdao Haixiangxue        Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5       100           —          100          —      Professional intermediary    Limited liability    (iii)
       Human Resources Co.,       China                                                                                      activities                   company
       Ltd.

     Jiangxi Haier Medical      Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5         —         100           —          100     Wholesale and retail of      Limited liability    (iii)
        Technology Co., Ltd.      China                                                                                     medical equipment             company




                                                                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023                        157
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                            Issued
                                                                          ordinary/
                                                                        registered
                                           Place of Incorporation/    share capital     Percentage of equity attributable to                                     Type of
            Name                           registration of business             ’M       the Company as at 31 December              Principal activities         legal status        Note
                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                      Direct     Indirect    Direct      Indirect


            Qingdao Haizhi Shenlan         Mainland China/Mainland          RMB10         —         100           —          100    Technical service            Limited liability    (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.           China                                                                                     development                  company

            Qingdao Haishengze             Mainland China/Mainland           RMB1         —         100           —          100    Air conditioning equipment Limited liability      (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.           China                                                                                      technical services        company

            Qingdao Hailvyuan              Mainland China/Mainland          RMB55         —         100           —          100    Electrical and electronic    Limited liability    (iii)
              Recycling Technology           China                                                                                     products waste               company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                treatment

            Qingdao Haier HVAC             Mainland China/Mainland         RMB400        75           25          75          25    Manufacture and sale of      Limited liability    (iii)
              Equipment Co., Ltd.            China                                                                                    air-conditioners              company

            Qingdao Haier Home AI          Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100         —         100           —          100    Integrated service of AI     Limited liability    (iii)
              Industry Innovation            China                                                                                      industry application        company
              Center Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          system

            Zhejiang Weixi IoT             Mainland China/Mainland          RMB10         —         100           —          100    IoT application service      Limited liability    (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.           China                                                                                                                  company

            Qingdao Haier Quality          Mainland China/Mainland           RMB1       100           —          100          —     Inspection and testing of    Limited liability    (iii)
              Inspection Co., Ltd.           China                                                                                     home appliance               company

            Qingdao Haiyongcheng           Mainland China/Mainland           RMB1         —         100           —          100    Production certification     Limited liability    (iii)
              Certification Service Co.,     China                                                                                     service                      company
              Ltd.

            Qingdao Zhonghai Borui         Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5         —         100           —          100    Home appliance testing       Limited liability    (iii)
              Testing Technology             China                                                                                    and technology                company
              Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       consulting

            Qingdao Haier Special          Mainland China/Mainland          RMB86         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and sale of      Limited liability    (iii)
              Plastic Development Co.,       China                                                                                    refrigerator doors            company
              Ltd.

            Qingdao Haizhiling Air         Mainland China/Mainland           RMB8         —         100           —          100    Software development and Limited liability        (iii)
              Conditioning Engineering       China                                                                                     sale of daily necessities company
              Co., Ltd.

            Haier Smart Home               Mainland China/Mainland          RMB50         —         100           —          100    Promotion of energy-         Limited liability    (iii)
              (Xiongan, Hebei)               China                                                                                     saving technology            company
              Technology Co., Ltd.

            Qingdao Ruibo Ecological       Mainland China/Mainland          RMB55     89.13           —          100          —     Environmental and AI         Limited liability    (iii)
              Environmental                  China                                                                                     technology consulting        company
              Technology Co., Ltd.




158   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                   Issued
                                                                 ordinary/
                                                               registered
                                  Place of Incorporation/    share capital     Percentage of equity attributable to                                       Type of
     Name                         registration of business             ’M       the Company as at 31 December               Principal activities          legal status        Note
                                                                                   2023                    2022
                                                                             Direct     Indirect    Direct      Indirect


     Qingdao Sanyiniao            Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100         —         100           —          100     Technology service and        Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.         China                                                                                      advertisement design          company

     Qingdao Jingzhi Recycle      Mainland China/Mainland          RMB30         —         100           —          100     Operation of dangerous        Limited liability    (iii)
       Environmental                China                                                                                     waste                          company
       Technology Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Yunshang Jieshen     Mainland China/Mainland           RMB4         —           51          —           51     Professional cleaning and Limited liability        (iii)
       Yilian Technology Co.,       China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities company
       Ltd.

     Shanghai Yunshang Yuyi       Mainland China/Mainland           RMB3         —         100           —          100     Professional cleaning and Limited liability        (iii)
       IoT Technology Co., Ltd.     China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities company

     Shijiazhuang Yunshang        Mainland China/Mainland           RMB1         —           51          —           51     Professional cleaning and Limited liability        (iii)
       Yilian Technology Co.,       China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities company
       Ltd.

     Nanjing Yunshang Yilian      Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5         —           80          —           80     Professional cleaning and Limited liability        (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.         China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities company

     Shanxi Yunshang Yilian       Mainland China/Mainland           RMB2         —           51          —           51     Professional cleaning and Limited liability        (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.         China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities company

     Tianjin Yunshang Yilian      Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5         —           51          —           51     Professional cleaning and Limited liability        (iii)
        Technology Co., Ltd.        China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities company

     Chongqing Yunshang           Mainland China/Mainland           RMB2         —           51          —           51     Professional cleaning and Limited liability        (iii)
       Haihong Yilian               China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities company
       Technology Co., Ltd.

     Chengdu Yunshang Meier       Mainland China/Mainland          RMB12         —           80          —           80     Professional cleaning and Limited liability        (iii)
       Yilian Technology Co.,       China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities company
       Ltd.

     Beijing Yunshang Yilian      Mainland China/Mainland           RMB1         —           51          —           51     Professional cleaning and Limited liability        (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.         China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities company

     Chengdu Yunshang Yilian      Mainland China/Mainland          RMB10         —         100           —          100     Professional cleaning and Limited liability        (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.         China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities company

     Qingdao Haixiangmian         Mainland China/Mainland          RMB30         —         100           —          100     Sale of food and daily        Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.         China                                                                                      necessities

     Qingdao Haier Kitchen IoT    Mainland China/Mainland           RMB2         —         100           —          100     Technology service and       Limited liability     (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.         China                                                                                      sale of daily necessities    company




                                                                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023                         159
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                           Issued
                                                                         ordinary/
                                                                       registered
                                          Place of Incorporation/    share capital     Percentage of equity attributable to                                   Type of
            Name                          registration of business             ’M       the Company as at 31 December              Principal activities       legal status        Note
                                                                                           2023                    2022
                                                                                     Direct     Indirect    Direct      Indirect


            Tibet Haifeng Intelligent     Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5         —         100           —          100    Development of software Limited liability       (iii)
               Innovation Technology        China                                                                                    and medical equipment    company
               Co., Ltd.

            Qingdao Haixiangzhi           Mainland China/Mainland           RMB5         —         100           —          100    Manufacturing of home      Limited liability    (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.          China                                                                                    appliances                  company

            Qingdao Haier Refrigeration   Mainland China/Mainland         RMB300         —         100           —          100    Manufacturing of home      Limited liability    (iii)
              Appliances Co., Ltd.          China                                                                                    appliances                  company

            Chongqing Haier Washing       Mainland China/Mainland         RMB135         —         100           —          100    Manufacturing of home      Limited liability    (iii)
              Appliance Co., Ltd.           China                                                                                    appliances                  company

            Tongfang Energy               Mainland China/Mainland         RMB183         —        84.32          —        84.32    Technology development     Limited liability    (iii)
              Technology Development        China                                                                                     service                    company
              Co., Ltd

            Qingdao Haier Youyang         Mainland China/Mainland          RMB50         —           51          —           51    Technology development     Limited liability    (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd           China                                                                                     service                    company

            Qingdao Haier Yikang          Mainland China/Mainland         RMB100         —         100           —          100    Technology development     Limited liability    (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd           China                                                                                     service                    company

            *         The English names of Mainland China companies referred to above in this note represent management’s best efforts in
                      translating these names into English as no English names have been registered or available.


            **        The above table is a list of principal subsidiaries of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
                      the Directors, result in excessive length.


            Notes:


            (i)       The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 prepared in accordance with International
                      Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Mazars LLP, a certified public accounting firm registered in USA.


            (ii)      The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 prepared in accordance with International
                      Financial Reporting standards have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers New Zealand, a certified public accounting firm
                      registered in New Zealand.


            (iii)     The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 prepared in accordance with Chinese
                      accounting standards have been audited by Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP, registered in Mainland China.


            (iv)      The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 prepared in accordance with International
                      Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Mazars Italia S.p.A, a certified public accounting firm registered in Italy.


            The Company and all its subsidiaries have adopted December 31, as their financial year end.




160   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.1 APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
    FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)
   New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
   In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by the
   IASB for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1
   January 2023 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

   IFRS 17 (including the June 2020 and        Insurance Contracts
     December 2021 Amendments to
     IFRS 17)
   Amendments to IAS 8                         Definition of Accounting Estimates
   Amendments to IAS 12                        Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                  from a Single Transaction
   Amendments to IAS 12                        International Tax Reform — Pillar Two model Rules
   Amendments to IAS 1 and                     Disclosure of Accounting Policies
    IFRS Practice Statement 2

   Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year
   has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and
   prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

   Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and
   Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
   The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments narrow
   the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in paragraphs
   15 and 24 of IAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial
   recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

   In accordance with the transition provision:

   (i)    the Group has applied the new accounting policy retrospectively to leasing transactions and
          provisions for decommissioning and restoration that occurred on or after 1 January 2022;

   (ii)   the Group also, as at 1 January 2022, recognised a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is
          probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference
          can be utilised) and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary difference
          associated with right-of-use-assets and lease liabilities.

   The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial position and
   performance, except that the Group recognised both the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
   on a gross basis but it has no material impact on the retained earnings at the earliest period
   presented.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   161
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.1 APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
          FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (continued)
            Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes International Tax
            Reform — Pillar Two model Rules
            The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 12 is amended to
            add the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities
            that are related to tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model rules
            published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “Pillar Two
            legislation”). The amendments require that entities apply the amendments immediately upon issuance
            and retrospectively. The amendments also require that entities to disclose separately its current tax
            expense/income related to Pillar Two income taxes in periods which the Pillar Two legislation is in
            effect, and the qualitative and quantitative information about its exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in
            periods in which the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially enacted but not yet in effect in
            annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

            Amendments to IAS 12 “International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules” were issued on 23 May
            2023 which are effective upon issuance and require retrospective application. The Group applied the
            temporary exception to deferred tax accounting for Pillar Two top-up taxes immediately upon the
            release of the amendments in May 2023, and provided new disclosures about its exposure to these
            taxes, the details of which are described in Note 10.

            Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
            Disclosure of Accounting Policies
            The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 1 Presentation of
            Financial Statements is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies”
            with “material accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when
            considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can
            reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial
            statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

            The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature
            of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However,
            not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself
            material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information
            must not obscure material accounting policy information.

            IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended
            to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures
            and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements.
            Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.

            The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
            performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies.




162   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.1 APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
    FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (continued)
   Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
   The Group has not early applied the following amendments to IFRSs, that have been issued but are
   not yet effective:

   Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                         its Associate or Joint Venture1
   Amendments to IFRS 16                               Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
   Amendments to IAS 1                                 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
   Amendments to IAS 1                                 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
   Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                      Suppliers Finance Arrangement2
   Amendments to IAS 21                                Lack of Exchangeability3

   1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
   2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
   3
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.


   The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all amendments to IFRSs will have no
   material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

2.2 BASIS OF PREPARATION
   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the
   IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is
   considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary
   users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the
   Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing
   Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

   Merger accounting for business combination involving business under common
   control
   In January 2023, Qingdao Haier Intelligent Household Appliances Co., Ltd. (“Intelligent Household”),
   a subsidiary of the Company, entered into the equity transfer agreement of Shanghai Haier Intelligent
   Technology Co., Ltd. (“Intelligent Technology”) with Fuzhou Qinghai Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.
   (“Qinghai Enterprise”), a subsidiary of Haier Group, pursuant to which Intelligent Household agreed to
   acquire and Qinghai Enterprise agreed to sell 100% of the equity interest in Intelligent Technology at a
   consideration approximately of RMB70 million. As at the end of the reporting period, the transaction
   has been completed.




                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   163
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.2 BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)
            Merger accounting for business combination involving business under common
            control (continued)
            In December 2023, Zhengzhou Haier New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (“New Energy Technology”),
            a subsidiary of the Company, entered into the equity transfer agreement of Zhengzhou Haiyongxin
            Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Haiyongxin Enterprise”) with Qingdao Haier Industrial Development
            Co., Ltd. (“Haier Industrial”), a subsidiary of Haier Group, pursuant to which New Energy Technology
            agreed to acquire and Haier Industrial agreed to sell 100% of the equity interest in Haiyongxin
            Enterprise at a consideration approximately of RMB25 million. As at the end of the reporting period,
            the transaction has been completed.

            Since the Company and Intelligent Technology and Haiyongxin Enterprise were ultimately controlled by
            Haier Group both before and after the completion of the transfer agreements, the acquisition of the
            Intelligent Technology and Haiyongxin Enterprise were accounted for using the principles of merger
            accounting.

            The consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
            statements of changes in equity and the consolidated statements of cash flows of the Group for the
            years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 include the results, changes in equity and cash flows of all
            companies then comprising the Group, Intelligent Technology and Haiyongxin Enterprise, as if the
            corporate structure of the Group immediately after the completion of the equity transfer had been in
            existence throughout the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, or since their respective dates of
            acquisition, incorporation or registration, where this is a shorter period.

            The consolidated statement of financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022 has been
            prepared to present the state of affairs of the Group, Intelligent Technology and Haiyongxin Enterprise
            as if the corporate structure of the Group immediately after the completion of the equity transfer had
            been in existence and in accordance with the respective equity interests and/or the power to exercise
            control over the individual company attributable to the Company as at 31 December 2022.

            There are no significant adjustments made to the revenue, profit before tax, profit for the year
            attributable to owners of the Company, net assets, reserves and total equity previously reported by the
            Group as a consequence on the merger accounting for business combination involving businesses
            under common control.

      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
            Basis of consolidation
            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
            controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

            •      has power over the investee;

            •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

            •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.




164   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Basis of consolidation (continued)
   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
   there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

   Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
   when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
   acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
   and other comprehensive income/consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the Group
   gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

   Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
   Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
   to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-
   controlling interests having a deficit balance.

   When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
   accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

   All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
   between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

   Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
   which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
   assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

   Business combinations
   A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive
   process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes
   are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an
   organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related
   processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are
   considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the
   ability to continue producing outputs.

   Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for
   using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at
   fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred
   by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
   interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are
   generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   165
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Business combinations (continued)
            The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a
            liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for
            transactions and events within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent
            Assets or IFRIC-Int 21 Levies, in which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC-Int 21 instead of the
            Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent
            assets are not recognised.

            At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
            their fair value, except that:

            •      deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
                   are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
                   Benefits respectively;

            •      liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                   share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                   arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 at the acquisition date
                   (see the accounting policy below);

            •      assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
                   current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that
                   standard; and

            •      lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                   (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
                   for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
                   underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same
                   amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
                   lease when compared with market terms.

            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
            non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity
            interest in the acquiree over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
            assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets
            acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
            non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in
            the acquiree, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

            Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
            proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
            measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
            acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value.




166   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Merger accounting for business combination involving businesses under common
   control
   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
   businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined from the
   date when the combining businesses first came under the control of the controlling party.

   The net assets of the combining businesses are consolidated using the existing book values from the
   controlling party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or bargain purchase
   gain at the time of common control combination.

   The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income includes the results of
   each of the combining businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the
   combining businesses first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period.

   The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the businesses
   had been combined at the beginning of the previous reporting period or when they first came under
   common control, whichever is shorter.

   Goodwill
   Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
   acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if
   any.

   For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
   units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
   combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
   management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

   A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
   tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
   impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or
   group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before
   the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
   impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other
   assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-
   generating units).

   On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
   cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
   amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-
   generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of
   goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-
   generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-
   generating units) retained.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   167
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Goodwill (continued)
            The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is
            described below.

            Investments in associates
            An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
            power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
            joint control over those policies.

            The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
            statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment, or a portion thereof,
            is classified as held for sale, in which case it is or the portion so classified is accounted for in
            accordance with IFRS 5. Any retained portion of an investment in an associate that has not been
            classified as held for sale continues to be accounted for using the equity method. The financial
            statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting
            policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Appropriate
            adjustments have been made to conform the associate’s accounting policies to those of the Group.
            Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated
            statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the
            profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the
            associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such
            changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of
            losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term
            interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group
            discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent
            that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
            associate.

            An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
            investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the
            cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
            liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the
            investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
            liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss
            in the period in which the investment is acquired.




168   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Investments in associates (continued)
   The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
   impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
   goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
   recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying
   amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms
   part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in
   accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
   increases.

   When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
   transactions with the associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the
   extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

   Revenue from contracts with customers
   The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
   the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

   A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
   distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

   Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
   towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
   met:

   •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
        performance as the Group performs;

   •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
        performs; or

   •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
        Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

   Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
   good or service.

   A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
   the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
   accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
   consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   169
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
            which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

            A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented
            on a net basis.

            Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)
            For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction
            price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, except for the
            allocation of discounts and variable consideration.

            The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is
            determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised
            good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the
            Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to
            any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
            entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

            Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
            performance obligation
            Output method
            The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output
            method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods
            or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised
            under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or
            services.

            As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds
            directly with the value of the Group’s performance completed to date, the Group recognises revenue in
            the amount to which the Group has the right to invoice.

            Input method
            The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input
            method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of the Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction
            of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance
            obligation, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.




170   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Variable consideration
   For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to
   which it will be entitled using (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, which better
   predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

   The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
   that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
   future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

   At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
   updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent
   faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
   circumstances during the reporting period.

   Notwithstanding the above criteria, the Group shall recognise revenue for a sales-based or
   usage-based royalty promised in exchange for a licence of intellectual property only when (or as) the
   later of the following events occurs:

   •     the subsequent sale or usage occurs; and

   •     the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based or usage-based royalty has
         been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).

   Refund liabilities
   The Group recognises a refund liability if the Group expects to refund some or all of the consideration
   received from customers.

   Sales with a right-of-return
   For a sale of products with a right of return/exchange for dissimilar products, the Group recognises all
   of the following:

   (a)   revenue for the transferred products in the amount of consideration to which the Group expects
         to be entitled (therefore, revenue would not be recognised for the products expected to be
         returned/exchanged);

   (b)   a refund liability/contract liability; and

   (c)   an asset (and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) for its right to recover products from
         customers and are presented as right to returned goods asset.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   171
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Existence of significant financing component
            In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the
            effects of the time value of money if the timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly)
            provides the customer or the Group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or
            services to the customer. In those circumstances, the contract contains a significant financing
            component. A significant financing component may exist regardless of whether the promise of
            financing is explicitly stated in the contract or implied by the payment terms agreed to by the parties
            to the contract.

            For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is
            less than one year, the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for
            any significant financing component.

            Principal versus agent
            When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
            whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
            services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by
            the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

            The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
            transferred to a customer.

            The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified
            good or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or
            service provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the
            Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it
            expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by
            the other party.




172   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Sale of goods
   Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
   transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of goods.

   (i)    Rights of return
          For contracts which provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified
          period, the expected value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned
          because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group will
          be entitled. The requirements in IFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are
          applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the
          transaction price. For goods that are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, a refund
          liability is recognised. A right-of-return asset (and the corresponding adjustment to cost of sales)
          is also recognised for the right to recover products from a customer.

   (ii)   Sales rebates
          Retrospective sales rebates may be provided to certain customers once the value of products
          purchased during the period exceeds a threshold specified in the contract. Rebates are offset
          against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable consideration for the
          expected future rebates, the most likely amount method is used for contracts with a
          single-threshold and the expected value method for contracts with more than one threshold. The
          selected method that best predicts the amount of variable consideration is primarily driven by the
          thresholds contained in the contract. The requirements on constraining estimates of variable
          consideration are applied and a refund liability for the expected future rebates is recognised.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   173
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Leases
            Definition of a lease
            A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
            asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

            For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of IFRS 16 or arising
            from business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on
            the definition under IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such
            contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
            changed.

            The Group as lessee
            Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
            For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
            components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the
            basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of
            the non-lease components, including contract for acquisition of ownership interests of a property which
            includes both leasehold land and non-lease building components, unless such allocation cannot be
            made reliably.

            The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease
            component, and instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components
            as a single lease component.

            Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of land and buildings,
            machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures that have a lease term of 12 months
            or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
            recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases
            of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis
            over the lease term.




174   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as lessee (continued)
   Right-of-use assets
   The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

   •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

   •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

   •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

   •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
         assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
         required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
         inventories.

   Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
   and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

   Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
   leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of
   the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter
   of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

   The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property or
   inventory as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position. Right-of-use
   assets that meet the definition of investment property and inventory are presented within “Investment
   properties”.

   Refundable rental deposits
   Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
   Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
   included in the cost of right-of-use assets.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   175
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as lessee (continued)
            Lease liabilities
            At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the
            present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
            payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
            interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

            The lease payments include:

            •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

            •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or
                   rate as at the commencement date;

            •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

            •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option;
                   and

            •      payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an
                   option to terminate the lease.

            Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are initially measured using the
            market rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
            index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are
            recognised as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

            After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

            The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-
            use assets) whenever:

            •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                   option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                   payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

            •      the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/
                   expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
                   remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.




176   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as lessee (continued)
   Lease liabilities (continued)
   The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
   position.

   Lease modifications
   The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

   •    the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
        assets; and

   •    the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
        for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
        circumstances of the particular contract.

   For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
   liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by
   discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
   modification.

   The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
   the relevant right-of-use asset.

   When the modified contract contains one or more additional lease components, the Group allocates
   the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-
   alone price of the lease component. The associated non-lease components are included in the
   respective lease components.

   The Group as a lessor
   Classification and measurement of leases
   Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the
   terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
   underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are
   classified as operating leases.

   Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date
   at amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the
   respective leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant
   periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   177
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as a lessor (continued)
            Classification and measurement of leases (continued)
            Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
            term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease
            are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense
            on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value
            model. Variable lease payments for operating leases that depend on an index or a rate are estimated
            and included in the total lease payments to be recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
            Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income when
            they arise.

            Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
            When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue
            from Contracts with Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease
            components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative
            stand-alone selling prices.

            Refundable rental deposits
            Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
            Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from
            lessees.

            Foreign currencies
            In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
            than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges
            prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
            denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
            items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates
            prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-
            monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also
            recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in
            other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other
            comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
            currency are not retranslated.

            Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
            items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange
            differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is
            neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign
            operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to
            profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interests in associates.




178   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Foreign currencies (continued)
   For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
   Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Renminbi) using
   exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are
   translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly
   during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange
   differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity
   under the heading of exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve (attributed to
   non-controlling interests as appropriate).

   Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a
   foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate
   of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are
   recognised in other comprehensive income.

   Borrowing costs
   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
   which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use
   or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for
   their intended use or sale.

   Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
   sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general
   borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
   their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

   All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

   Government grants
   Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
   with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

   Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
   Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
   Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
   or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated
   statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over
   the useful lives of the related assets.

   Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
   already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
   related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such
   grants are presented under “other gains or losses”.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   179
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Government grants (continued)
            The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant,
            measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on
            prevailing market interest rates.

            Employee benefits
            Retirement benefit costs
            Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when
            employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

            Pension schemes
            The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in the PRC are required to participate in a
            central pension scheme (the “PRC Pension Scheme”) operated by the local municipal government.
            These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the PRC
            Pension Scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in
            accordance with the rules of the PRC Pension Scheme. Under the PRC Pension Scheme, no forfeited
            contributions will be used by the Group to reduce its existing level of contributions during the years
            ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

            For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the
            projected unit credit method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual
            reporting period. In determining the present value of the Group’s defined benefit obligations and the
            related current service cost and, where applicable, past service cost, the Group attributes benefit to
            periods of service under the plan’s benefit formula. However, if an employee’s service in later years will
            lead to a materially higher level of benefit than earlier years, the Group attributes the benefit on a
            straight-line basis from:

            (a)    the date when service by the employee first leads to benefits under the plan (whether or not the
                   benefits are conditional on further service) until

            (b)    the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits
                   under the plan, other than from further salary increases.

            Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling
            (if applicable) and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the
            consolidated statement of financial position with a charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive
            income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised in other comprehensive income
            is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.




180   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Employee benefits (continued)
   Retirement benefit costs (continued)
   Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and
   a gain or loss on settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service
   cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset
   using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial assumptions, reflecting the benefits
   offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment, curtailment or
   settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic
   benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan).

   Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net
   defined benefit liability or asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or
   asset before plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, the Group determines net interest for the
   remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement using the
   benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment, curtailment or
   settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking
   into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period resulting from
   contributions or benefit payments.

   Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

   •    service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on
        curtailments and settlements);

   •    net interest expense or income; and

   •    remeasurement.

   The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
   represents the actual deficit or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from
   this calculation is limited to the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds
   from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

   Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of
   these contributions to the plan.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   181
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Employee benefits (continued)
            Retirement benefit costs (continued)
            When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third
            parties, the accounting depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

            •      If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a
                   deficit arising from losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the
                   remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability or asset.

            •      If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution
                   that is dependent on the number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost by
                   attributing the contributions to periods of service using the attribution method required by IAS 19
                   paragraph 70 for the gross benefits. For the amount of contribution that is independent of the
                   number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost in the period in which the related
                   service is rendered.

            Termination benefits
            A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer
            withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

            Short-term and other long-term employee benefits
            Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to
            be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
            recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
            cost of an asset.

            A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
            and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

            Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present
            value of the estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services
            provided by employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the liabilities’ carrying amounts
            resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are recognised in profit or loss except to the
            extent that another IFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.




182   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Share-based payments
   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
   Shares/Share options granted to employees
   Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured
   at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

   The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking
   into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the
   vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a
   corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period,
   the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
   assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
   estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
   estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve. For shares/share
   options that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the shares/share options granted is
   expensed immediately to profit or loss.

   When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
   will be transferred to capital reserve. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are
   still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
   reserve will continue to be held in share-based payments reserve.

   When shares granted are vested, the amount will recognised in share-based payments reserve.

   Taxation
   Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

   The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss)
   before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that
   are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
   have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

   Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
   liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
   computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
   differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the
   extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
   differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
   difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
   liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time
   of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In
   addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
   recognition of goodwill.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   183
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Taxation (continued)
            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
            subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
            difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
            Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments
            and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable
            profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
            reverse in the foreseeable future.

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
            reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
            allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
            period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that
            have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
            from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle
            the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
            right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
            deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

            For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
            applies IAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets separately. The Group
            recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable
            profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred
            tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
            tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
            taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

            Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
            recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
            deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
            Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax
            effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.




184   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Property, plant and equipment
   Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
   goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than freehold lands and construction in
   progress as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement
   of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses, if any.

   Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses.

   Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
   cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the
   asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended
   by management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for
   qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Sale
   proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the
   location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
   management (such as samples produced when testing whether the asset is functioning properly), and
   the related costs of producing those items are recognised in the profit or loss. The cost of those items
   are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements of IAS 2. Depreciation of these
   assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their
   intended use.

   When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold
   land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the
   building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the
   allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as
   “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position except for those that are
   classified and accounted for as investment properties under the fair value model. When the
   consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in
   the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

   Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than freehold land and properties
   under construction less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
   method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end
   of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective
   basis.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   185
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Property, plant and equipment (continued)
            The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

            Freehold land                                                                             Not depreciated
            Buildings                                                                                     2% to 19%
            Leasehold improvements                                                                       10% to 50%
            Machinery and equipment                                                                       5% to 50%
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                             5% to 33%
            Motor vehicles                                                                                9% to 35%

            An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
            benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
            disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference
            between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

            Investment properties
            Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

            Investment properties also include leased properties which are being recognised as right-of-use assets
            and subleased by the Group under operating leases.

            Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
            Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent
            accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognised so as to
            write off the cost of investment properties over their estimated useful lives and after taking into
            account of their estimated residual value, using the straight-line method.

            Intangible assets
            Intangible assets acquired separately
            Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
            accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses/revalued amounts, being their fair
            value at the date of the revaluation less subsequent accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
            impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-
            line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are
            reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
            accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired
            separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.




186   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Intangible assets (continued)
   Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
   Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

   An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
   phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

   •    the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

   •    the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

   •    the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

   •    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

   •    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
        and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

   •    the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
        development.

   The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
   incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where
   no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in
   profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

   Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
   accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible
   assets that are acquired separately.

   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are
   initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

   Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
   lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
   the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a
   business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses.

   An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
   from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as
   the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are
   recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   187
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Intangible assets (continued)
            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination (continued)
            The following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation as follows:

            Proprietary technology                                                                         10 years
            Patents and licences                                                                           40 years
            Trademarks                                                                                     Indefinite
            Software & Others                                                           not exceeding than 10 years

            Proprietary technology
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, proprietary
            technology with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
            straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 10 years.

            Patents and licences
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, purchase patents
            and licences with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
            straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 40 years.

            Trademarks
            The trademark has different legal life at different jurisdiction, and can renewable at minimal cost. The
            directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademark continuously
            and has the ability to do so. Various studies including product life cycle studies, market, competitive
            and environmental trends, and brand extension opportunities have been performed by management of
            the Group, which supports that the trademark has no foreseeable limit to the period over which the
            trademarked products are expected to generate net cash flows for the Group.

            As a result, the trademark is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite
            useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The trademark will not
            be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for impairment
            annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

            Software & Others
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, Software &
            Others are amortised on a straight-line basis over an estimate useful life of not exceeding than 10
            years. The useful of the software is estimated based on the expected usage of the software and its
            authorised periods for use.




188   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
   assets other than goodwill
   At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
   equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets with finite useful to determine whether there is any
   indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
   recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
   impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet
   available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is — indication that
   they may be impaired.

   The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets
   are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
   Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

   In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
   generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
   they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and
   consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-
   generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is
   compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating
   units.

   Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
   value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
   discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
   specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not
   been adjusted.

   If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
   carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
   recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on
   a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount
   of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion
   of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of
   the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated
   first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a
   pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating
   units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of
   disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss
   that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the
   unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or
   loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in which case
   the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease under that standard.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   189
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
            assets other than goodwill (continued)
            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating
            unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable
            amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would
            have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating
            unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised
            immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another
            standard, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase under
            that standard.

            Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

            (a)    cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are
                   subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of
                   cash; and

            (b)    cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months
                   or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and
                   which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the
                   purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

            For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of
            cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts which are repayable
            on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management. Such overdrafts are presented
            as short-term borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position.

            Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party contractual restrictions are
            included as part of cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer meeting the
            definition of cash. Contractual restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in note 27.

            Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined
            on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for
            inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
            necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-
            incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.




190   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Provisions
   Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
   a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable
   estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

   The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
   present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
   surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
   present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
   time value of money is material).

   Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant contracts
   with customers for sales of goods are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the
   directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation.

   Contingent liabilities
   A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is
   not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
   obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

   Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is
   expected to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the
   consolidated financial statements.

   The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic
   benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will
   be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the
   consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the change in probability occurs,
   except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.

   Financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
   contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
   recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
   sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation
   or convention in the market place.

   Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
   arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
   Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
   financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
   (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
   appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial
   assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   191
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
            financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
            effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
            (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
            transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
            financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
            recognition.

            Financial assets
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

            •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                   flows; and

            •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                   and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

            •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                   collecting contractual cash flows; and

            •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                   and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial
            application of IFRS 9/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
            subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity
            investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a
            business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

            A financial asset is held for trading if:

            •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

            •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                   manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

            •      it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at
            the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an
            accounting mismatch.




192   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
   (i)  Amortised cost and interest income
        Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
        subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at
        FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
        amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
        impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is
        recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
        the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so
        that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
        effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of
        the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

   (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
           Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains
           and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and
           accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
           cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
           investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

           Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
           Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a
           recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “Other gains or
           losses” line item in profit or loss.

   (iii)   Financial assets measured at FVTPL
           Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
           designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

           Financial assets measured at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
           period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
           recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is
           included in the “Other gains or losses” line item.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   193
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets
            The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
            assets (including trade and bills receivables, other receivables and contract assets), which are subject
            to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to
            reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

            Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life
            of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime
            ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the
            reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted
            for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both
            the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

            The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets without significant
            financing component.

            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has
            been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises
            lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant
            increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

            (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
                   In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                   compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                   the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                   making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                   reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
                   is available without undue cost or effort.

                   In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                   has increased significantly:

                   •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                          or internal credit rating;

                   •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
                          in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                   •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                          expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                          obligations;




194   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
   (i)  Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
        •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

          •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to
                meet its debt obligations.

          Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk
          has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30
          days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
          otherwise.

          Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not
          increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low
          credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it
          has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
          obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
          longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its
          contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk
          when it has an internal or external credit rating of “investment grade” as per globally understood
          definitions.

          The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
          been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the
          criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes
          past due.

   (ii)   Definition of default
          For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
          information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
          unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full without taking into account any collaterals
          held by the Group.

          Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
          is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
          demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   195
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (continued)
            (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
                  A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                  the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                  asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                          financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                          not otherwise consider;

                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation;

                   (e)    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties;
                          or

                   (f)    the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred
                          credit losses.

            (iv)   Write-off policy
                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
                   is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when
                   the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
                   Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                   recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
                   derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




196   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
   (v)  Measurement and recognition of ECL
        The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
        magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
        probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
        information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
        determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a
        practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix taking into
        consideration historical credit loss experience and forward looking information that is available
        without undue cost or effort.

        Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
        in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
        discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

        Lifetime ECL for certain trade and bills receivables, deposits and other receivables are
        considered on a collective basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant
        credit information such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

        For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
        formulating the grouping:

        •     Past-due status;

        •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

        •     External credit ratings where available.

        The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group
        continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

        Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
        the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
        amortised cost of the financial asset.

        The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
        adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables and contract assets
        where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   197
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Derecognition of financial assets
            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
            asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
            ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
            risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes
            its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the
            Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the
            Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
            proceeds received.

            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
            carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
            loss.

            On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
            recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
            investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

            Financial liabilities and equity
            Classification as debt or equity
            Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
            the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
            instrument.

            Equity instruments
            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
            deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
            proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

            Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
            No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
            Company’s own equity instruments.




198   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
   Financial liabilities
   All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
   or at FVTPL.

   Financial liabilities at FVTPL
   Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of
   an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is
   designated as at FVTPL.

   A financial liability is held for trading if:

   •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

   •     on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
         together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

   •     it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
         effective hedging instrument.

   A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
   acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

   •     such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
         that would otherwise arise; or

   •     the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which
         is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the
         Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
         grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

   •     it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the
         entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

   For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the
   financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other
   comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in
   other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. For
   financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, such as convertible loan notes, the changes in fair
   value of the embedded derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be presented in other
   comprehensive income. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are
   recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead,
   they are transferred to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   199
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
            Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
            Financial liabilities including borrowings, trade payables, other payables and lease liabilities are
            subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

            Convertible loan notes
            The component parts of the convertible loan notes are classified separately as financial liability and
            equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a
            financial liability and an equity instrument. A conversion option that will be settled by the exchange of
            a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of the equity instruments is an
            equity instrument.

            At the date of issue, the fair value of the liability component (including any embedded non-equity
            derivatives features) is estimated by measuring the fair value of similar liability that does not have an
            associated equity component.

            A conversion option classified as equity is determined by deducting the amount of the liability
            component from the fair value of the compound instrument as a whole. This is recognised and
            included in equity, net of income tax effects, and is not subsequently remeasured. In addition, the
            conversion option classified as equity will remain in equity until the conversion option is exercised, in
            which case, the balance recognised in equity will be transferred to share premium. Where the
            conversion option remains unexercised at the maturity date of the convertible note, the balance
            recognised in equity will be transferred to retained profits. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or
            loss upon conversion or expiration of the conversion option.

            Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible loan notes are allocated to the liability and
            equity components in proportion to the allocation of the gross proceeds. Transaction costs relating to
            the equity component are charged directly to equity. Transaction costs relating to the liability
            component are included in the carrying amount of the liability portion and amortised over the period of
            the convertible loan notes using the effective interest method.

            Derecognition of financial liabilities
            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
            discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
            liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.




200   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Derivative financial instruments
   Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into
   and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting
   gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective as a
   hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the
   nature of the hedge relationship.

   A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of
   the instrument is more than 12 months and it is not due to be realised or settled within 12 months.
   Other derivatives are presented as current assets or current liabilities.

   Embedded derivatives
   Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9
   are not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as
   either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate.

   Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of
   IFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and
   characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not
   measured at FVTPL.

   Generally, multiple embedded derivatives in a single instrument that are separated from the host
   contracts are treated as a single compound embedded derivative unless those derivatives relate to
   different risk exposures and are readily separable and independent of each other.

   Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
   A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated
   statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right
   to set off the recognised amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset
   and settle the liability simultaneously.

   Hedge accounting
   The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

   At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the
   hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for
   undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing
   basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in
   fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

   For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly
   probable, the Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows
   (contractually or non-contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate
   benchmark reform.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   201
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Hedge accounting (continued)
            Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness
            For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective
            in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when
            the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:

            •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;

            •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
                   relationship; and

            •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
                   hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
                   entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

            If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge
            ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the
            Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets
            the qualifying criteria again.

            For changes made to the hedged risk, hedged item or hedging instrument required by interest rate
            benchmark reform, the Group amends the formal designation of a hedging relationship to reflect the
            changes by the end of the reporting period during which the relevant changes were made. Such an
            amendment to the formal designation of the hedging relationship constitutes neither the discontinuation
            of the hedging relationship nor the designation of a new hedging relationship.

            Cash flow hedges
            The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging
            instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive
            income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative
            change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the
            ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in the ‘other gains or
            losses’ line item.

            When a hedged item in a cash flow hedge is amended to reflect the changes that are required by the
            interest rate benchmark reform, the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve is deemed to
            be based on the alternative benchmark rate on which the hedged future cash flows are determined.




202   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Hedge accounting (continued)
   Cash flow hedges (continued)
   Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are
   reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line
   as the recognised hedged item. However, when the hedged forecast transaction results in the
   recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously
   recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are removed from equity and
   included in the initial measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. This
   transfer does not affect other comprehensive income. Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or
   all of the loss accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will not be recovered in the future, that
   amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

   Discontinuation of hedge accounting
   The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part
   thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances
   when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing hedge
   accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case
   hedge accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

   For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
   equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is ultimately
   recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or
   loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

   Dividends
   Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
   meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   203
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
            In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 2.3, the directors of
            the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
            underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be
            relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
            period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
            periods.

            The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
            uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material
            adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

            Estimated impairment of goodwill
            Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the
            cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is
            the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires
            the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit (or a
            group of cash-generating units) and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.
            Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances
            which results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss may arise. No
            impairment losses were recognised during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. As at 31
            December 2023, the carrying amount of goodwill was approximately RMB24,290 million (2022:
            RMB23,644 million). Further details are given in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.

            Provision of inventories
            Write-down of inventories to net realisable value is made based on the aging and estimated net
            realisable value of inventories. The assessment of the write-down amount involves management’s
            judgements and estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the
            original estimate, such differences will impact the carrying value of the inventories and the write-down
            charge/reversal in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December 2023, the
            net carrying amounts of inventories (after impairment provision) were approximately RMB39,524 million
            (2022: RMB41,588 million (restated)).

            Product warranty provisions
            Product warranty provisions are made with reference to the retail volume and the expected unit cost
            for warranties. The assessment of the provision amount involves management’s judgements and
            estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimate,
            such differences will impact the carrying amount of the product warranty provisions and the provision
            amount charged/reversed in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December
            2023, the product warranty amounted to approximately RMB3,809 million (2022: RMB3,502 million).
            Further details are included in note 32 to consolidated financial statements.




204   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Information reported to the directors, being the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), for the
     purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods
     or services delivered or provided.

     For segment reporting, these individual operating segments have been aggregated into a single
     reportable segment. For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on
     their products and services.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s segment reports have been updated to
     integrate domestic and overseas businesses to reflect the Group’s management goals of globalization
     as a global home appliance enterprise. The management of the Group began to review business
     information under the new structure, and segment reports were updated based on how the Group
     manages and monitors segment performance. The comparative figures for the year ended
     31 December 2022 have been reclassified accordingly.

     Specifically, the Group’s reportable segments under IFRS 8 are as follows:

     (a)   Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions
           •    manufacturing and selling refrigerators/freezers;

           •    manufacturing and selling kitchen appliances;

     (b)   Air Solutions
           •    manufacturing and selling air conditioner;

     (c)   Household Laundry Management Solutions
           •    manufacturing and selling washing machines and dryers;

     (d)   Household Water Solutions
           •    manufacturing and selling water heaters and water purifiers; and

     (e)   Other Business
           •    comprising distribution services, parts and components, small home appliances and others.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   205
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            All assets are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate assets (mainly
            comprising goodwill, interests in associates and cash and cash equivalents); and

            All liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate liabilities (mainly
            comprising of interests-bearing borrowings, and deferred tax liabilities).

            Inter-segment sales represent the goods and services provided between segments. Segment result has
            been derived after elimination of inter-segment cost changed between segments.

            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:

            For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                      Household Food Storage and                     Household
                                                          Cooking Solutions                             Laundry   Household
                                                      Refrigerators/      Kitchen                   Management        Water       Other
                                                           Freezers    Appliances   Air Solutions     Solutions    Solutions   Business    Total
                                                             RMB’M        RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M


               Segment revenue
               Segment revenue from external
                  customers                                  81,731        41,594         45,810         61,312       15,170     15,805   261,422
               Inter-segment revenue                            179            60            294            180          166     80,913    81,792


               Total                                         81,910        41,654         46,104         61,492       15,336     96,718   343,214

               Reconciliation:
               Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                 (81,792)


               Total                                                                                                                      261,422


               Segments results                               5,026         2,943          1,863          5,600        1,818        49     17,299
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                           80


                                                                                                                                           17,379
               Corporate and other unallocated
                  income and gains or losses                                                                                                2,998
               Corporate and other unallocated
                  expenses                                                                                                                   (341)
               Finance costs                                                                                                               (2,111)
               Share of profits and losses of
                  associates                                                                                                                1,787


               Profit before taxation                                                                                                      19,712




206   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2022 (Restated)

                                             Household Food Storage and                      Household
                                                  Cooking Solutions                             Laundry       Household
                                             Refrigerators/       Kitchen                   Management            Water       Other
                                                  Freezers     Appliances   Air Solutions      Solutions       Solutions   Business       Total
                                                   RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M


      Segment revenue
      Segment revenue from external
         customers                                 77,660         38,900         40,455          57,820          14,010     14,705     243,550
      Inter-segment revenue                           182             53            303              89             124     76,461      77,212


      Total                                        77,842         38,953         40,758          57,909          14,134     91,166     320,762

      Reconciliation:
      Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                        (77,212)


      Total                                                                                                                            243,550


      Segments results                               4,244         2,707           1,087          5,174           1,590         44      14,846
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                                  45


                                                                                                                                        14,891
      Corporate and other unallocated
         income and gains or losses                                                                                                      2,610
      Corporate and other unallocated
         expenses                                                                                                                          (295)
      Finance costs                                                                                                                        (997)
      Share of profits and losses of
         associates                                                                                                                      1,582


      Profit before taxation                                                                                                            17,791




                                                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023     207
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            As at 31 December 2023

                                                    Household Food Storage and                     Household
                                                        Cooking Solutions                             Laundry   Household
                                                    Refrigerators/      Kitchen                   Management        Water       Other
                                                         Freezers    Appliances   Air Solutions     Solutions    Solutions   Business    Total
                                                           RMB’M        RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M


               Segment assets                              46,387        21,182         23,095         31,083        6,974     72,346   201,067
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of segment assets                                                                                            (74,984)
               Goodwill                                                                                                                  24,290
               Interests in associates                                                                                                   25,547
               Equity investments designated at
                  FVTOCI                                                                                                                  6,404
               Deferred tax assets                                                                                                        1,806
               Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                           954
               Financial assets measured at
                  amortised cost                                                                                                         10,722
               Derivative financial instruments                                                                                              68
               Pledged deposits                                                                                                             448
               Other deposits with limited use                                                                                               61
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 53,977
               Other receivables                                                                                                          3,020


               Total assets                                                                                                             253,380


               Segment liabilities                         61,738        12,928         22,560         18,456        5,952     67,123   188,757
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                       (74,838)
               Tax payable                                                                                                                1,556
               Other payable                                                                                                              1,286
               Derivative financial instruments                                                                                             169
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                               28,396
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                   2,028
               Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                114


               Total liabilities                                                                                                        147,468




208   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     As at 31 December 2022 (Restated)

                                           Household Food Storage and                      Household
                                                Cooking Solutions                             Laundry       Household
                                           Refrigerators/       Kitchen                   Management            Water       Other
                                                Freezers     Appliances   Air Solutions      Solutions       Solutions   Business       Total
                                                 RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M


      Segment assets                             32,213         18,635         21,055          28,587           6,706     52,027     159,223
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment assets                                                                                                   (39,851)
      Goodwill                                                                                                                         23,644
      Interests in associates                                                                                                          24,528
      Equity investments designated
         at FVTOCI                                                                                                                     5,852
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                              1,724
      Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                                 520
      Financial assets measured at
         amortised cost                                                                                                                2,981
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                   183
      Pledged deposits                                                                                                                   665
      Other deposits with limited use                                                                                                    105
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                       53,392
      Other receivables                                                                                                                3,052


      Total assets                                                                                                                   236,018


      Segment liabilities                        44,000         11,068         13,916          16,655           5,418     58,231     149,288
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                              (39,618)
      Tax payable                                                                                                                       1,706
      Other payable                                                                                                                     1,172
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                    122
      Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                                      26,141
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                          2,359
      Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                        98


      Total liabilities                                                                                                              141,268




                                                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023     209
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                        Household Food Storage and                          Household
                                                            Cooking Solutions                                  Laundry      Household
                                                        Refrigerators/        Kitchen                      Management           Water        Other
                                                             Freezers      Appliances     Air Solutions      Solutions       Solutions    Business     Total
                                                               RMB’M          RMB’M             RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M


               Other segment information:
               Product warranty provisions                       2,201            650             1,244           1,608           641           —      6,344
               Provision for obsolete and slow-
                  moving inventories, net                          300            262                78             202            80         169      1,091
               Allowance for/(reversal of) expected
                  credit loss in respect of trade and
                  bills receivable, net                            111              (1)             114             122            30          (87)      289
               Allowance for/(reversal of) expected
                  credit losses in respect of
                  prepayments, deposits and other
                  receivables and long term
                  prepayments, net                                 155                4             (12)             (45)          53         124        279
               Loss/(gain) on disposal/write off of
                  non-current assets, net                           38             44                (2)             35             1          (4)       112
               Depreciation and amortisation                     1,945          1,375               640           1,550           311         978      6,799


            For the year ended 31 December 2022 (Restated)

                                                         Household Food Storage and                          Household
                                                              Cooking Solutions                                 Laundry     Household
                                                         Refrigerators/        Kitchen                      Management          Water        Other
                                                              Freezers      Appliances     Air Solutions       Solutions     Solutions    Business      Total
                                                               RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M        RMB’M      RMB’M


               Other segment information:
               Product warranty provisions                       2,077            588             1,038           1,616           626           —      5,945
               Provision for obsolete and slow-
                  moving inventories, net                          366             96               284             212            81         106      1,145
               Allowance for/(reversal of) expected
                  credit loss in respect of trade and
                  bills receivable, net                               2            32               305              25             (7)        62        419
               Allowance for/(reversal of) expected
                  credit losses in respect of
                  prepayments, deposits and other
                  receivables and long term
                  prepayments, net                                 165             10               117                1            (1)          1       293
               (Gain)/loss on disposal/write off of
                  non-current assets, net                           (87)           13                13               7             1         (129)     (182)
               Depreciation and amortisation                     1,857          1,311               597           1,414           242          630     6,051




210   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Geographical information
     (a)   Revenue from external customers


                                                                                   2023                   2022
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


            Mainland China                                                       125,010                116,791
            North America                                                         79,751                 76,630
            Europe                                                                28,544                 23,031
            South Asia                                                             9,521                  8,284
            Australia and New Zealand                                              6,142                  6,962
            Southeast Asia                                                         5,780                  5,180
            Japan                                                                  3,662                  3,569
            Middle East and Africa                                                 1,935                  1,970
            Other countries/regions                                                1,077                  1,133


                                                                                 261,422                243,550


           The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

           The revenue related to sales to overseas is subject to relevant tax at corresponding jurisdictions,
           if any.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   211
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            Geographical information (continued)
            (b)    Non-current assets


                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                   RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


                      Mainland China                                                22,368            19,433
                      Other countries/regions                                       31,152            29,019


                                                                                    53,520            48,452
                      Interests in associates                                       25,547            24,528
                      Goodwill                                                      24,290            23,644
                      Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                        6,404             5,852
                      Financial assets measured at amortised cost                    9,192             1,339
                      Deferred tax assets                                            1,806             1,724


                                                                                   120,759           105,539


                   The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes
                   interests in associates, goodwill, equity investments designated at FVTOCI, financial assets
                   measured at amortised cost and deferred tax assets.

            Information about major customers
            No single customer of the Group contributed 10% or more to the total revenue of the Group during
            the years ended 2023 and 2022.




212   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




5.   REVENUE AND OTHER GAINS, NET
     An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


      Sale of goods                                                             261,243                243,274
      Rendering of services                                                         179                    276


                                                                                261,422                243,550


                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


      Sale of goods
      — Point in time                                                           261,243                243,274
      Rendering of service
      — Point in time                                                                 65                    107
      — Over time                                                                    114                    169


                                                                                261,422                243,550


     All revenue contracts are for a period of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction
     price allocated to unsatisfied or partially satisfied contracts is not disclosed.

     Information about the Group’s performance obligations under IFRS 15 is summarised below:

     Sale of goods
     The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of goods and payment is generally due within 30
     to 90 days from delivery, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required.
     Some contracts provide customers with a right of return and volume rebates which give rise to variable
     consideration subject to constraint.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   213
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5.    REVENUE AND OTHER GAINS, NET (continued)
            Rendering of services
            The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at point in time as services are rendered or when
            the customer obtains control of the distinct services and payment is generally due within 30 to 90
            days from customers. Service contracts are for periods of one year or less, or are billed based on the
            time incurred. As permitted under practical expedient of IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to
            these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

            An analysis of other gains, net is as follows:

                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                                (Restated)


                  Treasury and investment income:
                  Interest income from
                     Bank                                                                                    1,447                      826
                     Wealth management products                                                                 50                       93
                     Other                                                                                      39                       30
                  Purchase payment discounts                                                                   124                      143
                  Dividend income from equity investment designated
                     at FVTOCI                                                                                   59                      32


                                                                                                             1,719                   1,124
                  Compensation received from suppliers                                                          35                      47
                  (Loss)/gain on disposal of
                    Non-current assets, net                                                                   (112)                    182
                    Financial assets/liabilities measured at FVTPL, net                                          1                      99
                    Associates and subsidiaries                                                                 14                      27
                  Government grants (Note (a))                                                               1,559                   1,070
                  Rental income from investment properties (Note (b))                                            6                      29
                  Net fair value gain/(loss) on financial assets/liabilities
                    measured at FVTPL                                                                            20                    (122)
                  Net foreign exchange gains                                                                    135                     371
                  Sundry income                                                                                  86                      86


                                                                                                             3,463                   2,913

            Notes:


            (a)       Various government grants have been received for investments in certain regions in Mainland China in which the Company’s
                      subsidiaries operate as well as for the Group’s technology advancements. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
                      contingencies relating to these grants.


            (b)       The rental income from investment properties less direct outgoings for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 amounted
                      to approximately RMB6 million and RMB29 million (restated) respectively.




214   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX
     Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                   2023                   2022
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


      Cost of inventories sold                                                   179,501                167,603
      Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories, net
        (Note (a))                                                                 1,091                   1,145
      Cost of services                                                               127                     212


                                                                                 180,719                168,960


      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                4,422                   4,026
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets and investment properties                1,108                     933
      Amortisation of other intangible assets                                      1,208                   1,044
      Amortisation of other non-current assets                                        61                      48


                                                                                   6,799                   6,051


      Employee benefit expense: (including directors’, chief
        executive and supervisors’ remuneration — Note 8):
      Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind                          29,177                 25,948
      Pension scheme contributions                                                 1,933                  1,664
      Equity-settled share-based expense                                             611                    912


                                                                                  31,721                 28,524




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   215
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      6.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX (continued)
            Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                                (Restated)


                  Impairment of trade and bills receivables, net (Note (b))                                     289                     419
                  Impairment of prepayments, deposits and other receivables
                    and long term prepayments, net (Note (b))                                                   279                     293
                  Impairment of property, plant and equipment, interest in
                    associates, other intangible assets and contract assets, net
                    (Note (b))                                                                                   88                          74


                                                                                                                656                     786


                  Research and development costs                                                            10,221                    9,507
                  Auditors’ remuneration                                                                        13                       13
                  Expenses relating to short-term leases and low value leases                                  262                      194
                  Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of
                    lease liabilities                                                                           177                     163
                  Product warranty provisions                                                                 6,344                   5,945

            Notes:


            (a)      The net provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories for the year is included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated
                     statement of profit or loss.

            (b)      Included in “Administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




216   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




7.   FINANCE COSTS
     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                  2023                    2022
                                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                     (Restated)


       Interest on borrowings                                                                      1,444                     607
       Interest on convertible bond                                                                   —                        6
       Interest on lease liabilities                                                                 138                      97
       Other finance costs                                                                           529                     287


                                                                                                   2,111                     997


8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION
     Directors’, chief executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the
     Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
     the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000


       Fees                                                                                        1,920                  2,182


       Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                  2,150                   2,998
       Discretionary bonuses                                                                      3,053                   3,172
       Equity-settled share-based expense (Note)                                                 16,268                  21,264
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                 533                     628


                                                                                                 22,004                  28,062


                                                                                                 23,924                  30,244

     Note:


     During the year, certain directors were granted share award/options, in respect of their services to the Group under the share
     award/option of the Company. Details of the share award/option are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023     217
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (a)    Independent non-executive directors
                   The remuneration of independent non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December
                   2023 and 2022 is as follows:

                   2023


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                                         Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


                      CHIEN Da-chun                       320              —               —                —               —         320
                      WONG Hak Kun                        320              —               —                —               —         320
                      LI Shipeng                          320              —               —                —               —         320
                      WU Qi                               320              —               —                —               —         320


                                                        1,280              —               —                —               —       1,280


                   2022


                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                 and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                         Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                      CHIEN Da-chun                       306              —               —                —               —         306
                      WONG Hak Kun                        306              —               —                —               —         306
                      LI Shipeng                          306              —               —                —               —         306
                      WU Qi                               306              —               —                —               —         306


                                                        1,224              —               —                —               —       1,224




218   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (b)   Executive directors and the chief executive
           The remuneration of executive directors and the chief executive during the years ended 31
           December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

           2023


                                                          Salaries,
                                                       allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                      and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                               Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                   Notes    RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


            LI Huagang
               (chief executive)    (i)          —              900           1,666            8,728             148      11,442
            GONG Wei                (ii)         —              650           1,300            4,643             148       6,741


                                                 —            1,550           2,966          13,371              296      18,183


           2022


                                                           Salaries,
                                                        allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                       and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                               Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                   Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


            LIANG Haishan           (iii)        —              484             287            4,648              68       5,487
            LI Huagang
               (chief executive)    (i)          —              900           1,562            8,078             138      10,678
            GONG Wei                (ii)         —              650             776            4,560             138       6,124
            XIE Juzhi               (iv)         —              364             457            3,013              68       3,902


                                                 —            2,398           3,082          20,299              412      26,191




                                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   219
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (c)    Non-executive directors
                   The remuneration of non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December 2023 and
                   2022 are as follows:

                   2023


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                                         Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                            Notes     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


                      SHAO Xinzhi            (v)           —               —               —             1,447              —        1,447
                      YU Hon To, David                    320              —               —                —               —          320
                      Eva LI Kam Fun                      320              —               —                —               —          320


                                                          640              —               —             1,447              —        2,087


                   2022


                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                 and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                         Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                            Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                      SHAO Xinzhi             (v)          —               —               —                —               —           —
                      WU Changqi             (vi)         173              —               —                —               —         173
                      LIN Sui                (vii)        173              —               —                —               —         173
                      YU Hon To, David                    306              —               —                —               —         306
                      Eva LI Kam Fun                      306              —               —                —               —         306


                                                          958              —               —                —               —         958




220   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (d)   Supervisors
           The remuneration of supervisors during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as
           follows:

           2023

                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                Equity-settled    Pension
                                                                 and benefits Discretionary share-based       scheme
                                                       Fees           in kind      bonuses       expense contributions               Total
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000               RMB’000


                   YU Miao                                  —              350              55              226             115        746
                   LIU Dalin                                —               —               —               995              —         995
                   MA Yingjie                               —              250              32              229             122        633

                                                            —              600              87            1,450             237       2,374


           2022

                                                                      Salaries,
                                                                   allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                  and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                        Fees           in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                   YU Miao                                  —              350              13              125              98        586
                   LIU Dalin                                —               —               —               680              —         680
                   MA Yingjie                               —              250              77              160             118        605

                                                            —              600              90              965             216       1,871


           Notes:


           (i)          LI Huagang appointed as chief executive on 28 June 2022.


           (ii)         GONG Wei appointed on 28 June 2022.


           (iii)        LIANG Haishan resigned on 28 June 2022.


           (iv)         XIE Juzhi appointed on 5 March 2021 and resigned on 28 June 2022.

           (v)          SHAO Xinzhi appointed on 28 June 2022.


           (vi)         WU Changqi resigned on 28 June 2022.


           (vii)        LIN Sui resigned on 28 June 2022.


           There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to
           waive any remuneration during the year.



                                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   221
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      9.    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
            The five highest paid employees during the year included one director (2022: one director), details of
            whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the
            remaining four (2022: four) highest paid non-director employee who are neither a director nor chief
            executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


               Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                               4,451             17,262
               Discretionary bonuses                                                   5,057              1,083
               Equity-settled share-based expense                                     21,771             24,978
               Pension scheme contributions                                              568                549


                                                                                      31,847             43,872


            The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell
            within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                   Number of employees
                                                                                      2023             2022


               HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                               —                  1
               HK$8,000,001 to HK$8,500,000                                               2                  —
               HK$8,500,001 to HK$9,000,000                                               1                  —
               HK$9,000,001 to HK$9,500,000                                               —                  1
               HK$9,500,001 to HK$10,000,000                                              1                  —
               HK$15,000,001 to HK$15,500,000                                             —                   1
               HK$18,000,001 to HK$18,500,000                                             —                   1


               Total                                                                       4                  4


            For share award/option were granted to these non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
            employees in respect of their services to the Group under the share award/option scheme of the
            Group. The fair values of share award/option, which have been recognised in the statement of profit or
            loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the
            consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are included in the
            above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.




222   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Current tax
    Charge for the year                                                         3,552                   2,752
    Deferred income tax (Note 34)                                                (572)                    306


    Total tax charge for the year                                               2,980                   3,058


   Under the Law of the Mainland China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
   Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the Mainland China subsidiaries is 25%. Certain subsidiaries
   of the Group in the Mainland of China were approved as High and New Technology Enterprise subject
   to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% during the years ended 31 December 2023 and
   2022.

   Overseas tax is calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation
   prevailing in the respective jurisdictions.

   A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the
   jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax
   expense at the effective tax rates is as follows:

                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Profit before tax                                                          19,712                 17,791


    Tax at the statutory tax rate                                                4,928                  4,448
    Lower tax rates enacted by local authorities                                (1,087)                  (832)
    Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                     (171)                  (215)
    Tax effect of share of profits or losses to associates                        (411)                  (308)
    Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                               (45)                  (185)
    Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                          306                    199
    Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                            (215)                   226
    Other amounts                                                                 (325)                  (275)


    Total tax charge for the year                                               2,980                   3,058




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   223
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (continued)
            OECD Pillar Two model rules
            The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) published Pillar Two model
            rules in December 2021, with the effect that a jurisdiction may enact domestic tax laws (“Pillar Two
            legislation”) to implement the Pillar Two model rules on a globally agreed common approach. Pillar
            Two legislation applies to a member of a multinational group within the scope of the Pillar Two model
            rules, which the Group is reasonably expected to fall into. It imposes a top-up tax on profits arising in
            a jurisdiction whenever the effective tax rate determined by the Pillar Two model rules on a
            jurisdictional basis is below a minimum rate of 15%.

            The Group has reviewed its corporate structure in light of the introduction of Pillar Two model rules in
            various jurisdictions and engaged external tax specialists in assessing its tax exposure. As at 31
            December 2023, the Group mainly operates in the Mainland of China, in which exposures to Pillar Two
            income taxes might exist in the future although the legislation is not yet substantively enacted or
            enacted. Besides, certain subsidiaries of the Company are located in jurisdictions where Pillar Two
            legislation had been enacted or substantively enacted, but not yet in effect; it is estimated that the
            Group’s income tax would not be materially different should those legislation had been in effect for the
            year ended 31 December 2023.

            Since none of the Pillar Two legislation relevant to the Group has come into effect, the Group does not
            recognise any relevant current tax or deferred tax for the year ended 31 December 2023.




224   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




11. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                  2023                    2022
                                                                                                RMB’M                    RMB’M


       Proposed final dividend                                                                     7,471                   5,298


       Dividend paid during the year                                                               5,254                   4,297


                                                                                                   2023                     2022
                                                                                                   RMB                      RMB


       Dividend proposed per share*                                                                0.804                   0.566

   *      The amount represents RMB8.04 for every 10 shares in 2023 (2022: RMB5.66 for every 10 shares). With regards to the
          payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022, as the total share capital of the Company changed before
          the registration date on 28 July 2023 and the Company maintained the total distribution of RMB5,298 million (tax inclusive)
          unchanged, the Company adjusted the distribution ratio per share from RMB5.66 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares to
          RMB5.6692 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares accordingly.


12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for year attributable to
   Owners of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the
   year, as adjusted to exclude the repurchased share.

   The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
   to owners of the Company, adjusted to reflect the interest and effect of the convertible bond. The
   weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares
   in issue during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, as used in the basic earnings per share
   calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no
   consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into
   ordinary shares.




                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023      225
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
          HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                         2023                    2022
                                                                                                       RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                            (Restated)


               Earnings
               Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company
                  used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                      16,597                  14,712
               Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
               Interest on convertible bond, net of tax                                                       —                        6


               Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share                                   16,597                  14,718


            The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                          2023                    2022


               Number of shares
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
                 of calculating basic earnings per share                                       9,272,589,918           9,316,804,514
               Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
                 Convertible bond                                                                             —           12,499,928
                 Share award                                                                       62,441,014             44,188,061
                 Share options                                                                             —               1,513,588


               Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
                the year used in the diluted earnings per share calculation                    9,335,030,932           9,375,006,091

            Note:


            The weighted average number of ordinary shares as above are adjusted by the number of shares that would have been issued
            assuming the conversion of convertible bond, share award and share options. The computation of diluted earnings per share does
            not assume the exercise of the Company’s options because the exercise price of those options was higher than the average market
            price for shares in 2023.




226   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)   During the year, in addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these consolidated financial
         statements, the Group had the following material transactions with the Group’s related parties
         (and their affiliates):

                                                                                               2023                   2022
               Relationship             Nature of transactions                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                                 (Restated)


               Associates                Sale of goods and services                            2,689                  1,917
                                         Purchase of goods and services                       18,940                 16,800
                                         Interest income                                         766                    570
                                         Interest expenses                                        —                       5


               Haier Affiliates          Sale of goods and services                            1,042                  1,496
                (Note (i))               Purchase of goods and services                       18,599                 21,101
                                         Other service fee expenses                               99                     97


         The above transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually
         agreed by the parties involved.

         Note:


         (i)      Haier Affiliates include Haier Group’s subsidiaries.


   (b)   Compensation of key management personnel (including the directors, chief executive and
         supervisors of the Company) of the Group.

                                                                                              2023                   2022
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


               Short term employee benefits                                                   15,295                 19,545
               Post-employment benefits                                                        1,259                  1,750
               Share-based payment                                                            39,104                 61,020


               Total compensation paid to key management personnel                            55,658                 82,315


         Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in Note 8 to
         consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   227
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (b)    Compensation of key management personnel (including the directors, chief executive and
                   supervisors of the Company) of the Group. (continued)

                   The number of non-director and non-chief executive key management personnel whose
                   remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                              Number of key management
                                                                                      personnel
                                                                                    2023           2022


                      Number of individuals within the band of
                      HK$1,000,001–HK$1,500,000                                          1                  1
                      HK$2,000,001–HK$2,500,000                                          —                  1
                      HK$3,500,001–HK$4,000,000                                          —                  1
                      HK$4,500,001–HK$5,000,000                                          —                  1
                      HK$5,500,001–HK$6,000,000                                          1                  1
                      HK$6,000,001–HK$6,500,000                                          —                  1
                      HK$6,500,001–HK$7,000,000                                           2                 3
                      HK$7,500,001–HK$8,000,000                                           1                 1
                      HK$8,000,001–HK$8,500,000                                           3                 1
                      HK$8,500,001–HK$9,000,000                                           1                 —


                      Total                                                               9                11

            (c)    For the transactions constituting connected transactions under Listing Rules, please refer to
                   “Connected Transactions” under “Report of the Directors”.




228   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                             Furniture
                                             Land and        Leasehold Machinery and                      fixture and     Construction
                                             buildings     improvement    equipment Motor vehicles         equipment       in progress     Total
                                               RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M              RMB’M            RMB’M      RMB’M

    Cost:
    As at 1 January 2022                        10,942             924        25,797           161              2,617            4,184    44,625
    Additions                                      102             469         1,188              2               146            6,026     7,933
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                       1             —              1            —                   1               —           3
    Disposals of subsidiaries                        —              —             —              (1)               —                —          (1)
    Disposal/write-off                              (46)             (3)        (629)            (9)             (170)              —       (857)
    Transfer from construction in progress       2,891              —          2,743            21                589           (6,244)        —
    Exchange realignment                           336                6        1,447              1               180              129     2,099

    As at 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023                           14,226           1,396        30,547           175              3,363            4,095    53,802
    Additions                                      126             331         1,483             5                115            5,950      8,010
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                     —               —             28            —                   1               33         62
    Disposal/write-off                            (115)            (13)         (891)          (13)              (172)              —     (1,204)
    Transfer from construction in progress       1,062              —          3,012            26                479           (4,579)        —
    Exchange realignment                            72               2           447            (4)                60              (73)       504

    As at 31 December 2023                      15,371           1,716        34,626           189              3,846            5,426    61,174

    Accumulated depreciation and
       impairment:
    As at 1 January 2022                         3,541             427        12,474            90              1,110               1     17,643
    Depreciation provided for the year             543             363         2,588            20                512               —      4,026
    Disposal of subsidiaries                         —              —             —              (1)                —               —          (1)
    Disposals/write-off                             (23)             (3)        (493)            (9)               (87)             —       (615)
    Impairment provided for the year                 —              —              2            —                    1              —           3
    Exchange realignment                             95               3          704              1                 86              —        889

    As at 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023                            4,156             790        15,275           101              1,622               1     21,945
    Depreciation provided for the year             681             448         2,777            23                493              —       4,422
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                     —               —              2            —                   1              —           3
    Disposals/write-off                            (37)            (13)         (746)           (8)              (157)             —       (961)
    Impairment provided for the year                —               —              3            —                  —               22         25
    Exchange realignment                            42               1           139            —                  63              —         245

    As at 31 December 2023                       4,842           1,226        17,450           116              2,022              23     25,679

    Carrying amounts
    As at 31 December 2023                      10,529             490        17,176            73              1,824            5,403    35,495

    As at 31 December 2022                      10,070             606        15,272            74              1,741            4,094    31,857




                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023            229
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
            At 31 December 2023, the Group was still in the process of obtaining ownership certificates for certain
            land and buildings it owns, the net book value of which was RMB408 million (2022: RMB2,037 million).
            At the same date, certain of these land and buildings with net book value of RMB408 million had been
            put into use as, in the opinion of the directors, the Group can legally occupy and operate these
            properties while the related ownership certificates are being processed.

      15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                         RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


               Cost:
               As at 1 January 2022                                                                          119
               Addition                                                                                        1
               Exchange realignment                                                                            3


               As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                     123
               Exchange realignment                                                                            1


               As at 31 December 2023                                                                        124


               Accumulated depreciation:
               As at 1 January 2022                                                                           13
               Depreciation provided for the year                                                              6
               Exchange realignment                                                                            1


               As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                      20
               Depreciation provided for the year                                                              5


               As at 31 December 2023                                                                         25


               Carrying amounts
               As at 31 December 2023                                                                         99


               As at 31 December 2022                                                                        103


            The Group’s investment properties consist of one commercial property in Hong Kong and three
            industrial properties in Mainland China as at 31 December 2023 (2022: one commercial property in
            Hong Kong and three industrial properties in Mainland China (restated)).




230   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
   The fair value of the Group’s investment properties as at 31 December 2023 has been arrived at on
   the basis of a valuation carried out on the respective dates by Shanghai Orient Appraisal Co. Ltd.,
   independent qualified professional valuers not connected to the Group.

   The valuation technique is the income approach and the significant inputs used in the fair value
   measurement are the estimated rental value, rent growth and discount rate for investment properties in
   Hong Kong.

   The fair value of the industrial properties in Mainland China was determined based on the income
   approach, where the market rentals of all lettable units of the properties are assessed and discounted
   at the market yield expected by investors for this type of properties. The market rentals are assessed
   by reference to the rentals achieved in the lettable units of the properties as well as other lettings of
   similar properties in the neighbourhood. The discount rate is determined by reference to the yields
   derived from analysing the sales transactions of similar commercial properties in Mainland China and
   adjusted to take into account the market expectation form property investors to reflect factors specific
   to the Group’s investment properties. There has been no change from the valuation technique used in
   the prior year.

   Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at the
   end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                            2023                            2022
                                                              Fair value at                    Fair value at
                                                     Carrying      Level 3           Carrying        Level 3
                                                      amount     hierarchy           amount        hierarchy
                                                      RMB’M        RMB’M              RMB’M          RMB’M
                                                                                   (Restated)    (Restated)


    Investment properties in Hong Kong                      17            18                17               19
    Investment properties outside Hong Kong                 82           131                86              133


   The above investment properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per
   annum:

   Investment property                                                                           2.0% to 5.0%




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   231
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      16. LEASES
            The Group as a lessee
            The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use rights, buildings, machinery and
            equipment, furniture, fixtures and equipment and motor vehicles used in its operations. Lump sum
            payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 50
            years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of
            buildings and plant and machinery generally have lease terms between one and ten years, while
            machinery and equipment, furniture, fixtures and equipment and motor vehicles generally have lease
            terms of twelve months or less and/or are individually of low value.

            (a)    Right-of-use assets
                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are
                   as follows:


                                                                                                          Furniture,
                                                              Prepaid              Machinery                fixtures
                                                           land lease    Land and        and      Motor          and
                                                            payments      building equipment    vehicles equipment       Total
                                                              RMB’M        RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M       RMB’M


                      As at 1 January 2022                      1,052       2,378         24        101         231      3,786
                      Additions                                   350       1,644          7          44        158      2,203
                      Disposals                                    —           (43)       —            (2)       —          (45)
                      Depreciation provided for the year          (32)       (723)        (7)        (63)       (102)     (927)
                      Exchange realignment                          1         134         (6)          8         12        149


                      As at 31 December 2022 and
                         1 January 2023                         1,371       3,390         18         88         299       5,166
                      Acquisition of subsidiaries                  —            7         —          —           —            7
                      Additions                                  565          884        283        115         524       2,371
                      Disposal                                    —          (209)        —          (1)         —         (210)
                      Depreciation provided for the year          (39)       (821)       (31)       (73)        (139)    (1,103)
                      Exchange realignment                          9          13         (8)        10           18         42


                      As at 31 December 2023                    1,906       3,264        262        139         702      6,273




232   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




16. LEASES (continued)
   The Group as a lessee (continued)
   (b)   Lease liabilities
         The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                     RMB’M


          Carrying amount as at 1 January 2022                                                          2,649
          New leases                                                                                    1,853
          Interest expenses recognised during the year                                                      97
          Payments                                                                                       (959)
          Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                           (1)
          Early Termination                                                                                (77)
          Exchange realignment                                                                            165


          Carrying amount as at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                     3,727
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                       7
          New leases                                                                                    1,806
          Interest expenses recognised during the year                                                    138
          Payments                                                                                     (1,138)
          Early Termination                                                                              (249)
          Exchange realignment                                                                             36


          Carrying amount as at 31 December 2023                                                        4,327


          Analysed into:
          As at 31 December 2023
          Current portion                                                                               1,040
          Non-current portion                                                                           3,287


                                                                                                        4,327


          As at 31 December 2022
          Current portion                                                                                 903
          Non-current portion                                                                           2,824


                                                                                                        3,727


         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 42 to consolidated financial
         statements.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   233
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      16. LEASES (continued)
            The Group as a lessee (continued)
            (c)    The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


                      Interest on lease liabilities                                         138                  97
                      Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                          1,064                 895
                      Expense relating to:
                      Short-term leases                                                     218                 182
                      Lease of low value assets                                              44                  12
                      Variable lease payments not included in the
                         measurement of lease liabilities                                   177                 163


                      Total amount recognised in profit or loss                           1,641               1,349


            (d)    The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 38(c) to consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


                      Lease liabilities payable:
                      Within one year                                                     1,141               1,023
                      Within a period of more than one year but not
                        exceeding two years                                                 877                 837
                      Within a period more than two years but not exceeding
                        five years                                                        1,587               1,357
                      Within a period of more than five years                             1,155                 872


                      Total minimum lease payment                                         4,760               4,089
                      Less: total future interest expenses                                 (433)               (362)


                                                                                          4,327               3,727
                      Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
                              shown under current liabilities                             (1,040)              (903)


                      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
                       under non-current liabilities                                      3,287               2,824


                   The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 0.01%
                   to 13.64% (2022: 0.01% to 12.28%).




234   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




16. LEASES (continued)
   The Group as a lessor
   The Group leases its investment properties (Note 15) consisting of one commercial property in Hong
   Kong, two industrial properties in Dalian, the Mainland China and one industrial property in Zhengzhou,
   the Mainland China, under operating lease arrangements as at 31 December 2023 (2022: one
   commercial property in Hong Kong, two industrial properties in Dalian, the Mainland China and one
   industrial property in Zhengzhou, the Mainland China (restated)). Rental income recognised by the
   Group was approximately RMB6 million (2022: RMB29 million) for the years ended 31 December
   2023, details of which are included in note 5 to consolidated financial statements.

   At the end of the reporting period, the undiscounted lease payments receivables by the Group in
   future periods under non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


     Within one year                                                                  5                     4
     In the second to fifth years, inclusive                                          3                    11


                                                                                      8                    15


17. GOODWILL
                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M


     Cost:
     At 1 January                                                              23,644                 21,827
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                  173                     14
     Exchange realignment                                                         473                  1,803


     At 31 December                                                            24,290                 23,644


     Net carrying amount                                                       24,290                 23,644




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   235
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      17. GOODWILL (continued)
            Goodwill acquired through business combinations are allocated to the following cash-generating units
            for impairment testing:

            •      GE Appliances;

            •      Haier New Zealand Investment Holding Company Limited (“HNZ”);

            •      Haier Europe Appliance Solutions S.P.A (“Candy”); and

            •      Qingdao Gooday Lejia IOT Technology Co., Ltd. (“Lejia IOT”)

            The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that
            goodwill might be impaired.

            The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the cash-generating units is as follows:

                                                                                                       2023                  2022
                                                                                                     RMB’M                  RMB’M


                GE Appliances (Note)                                                                  21,047                 20,696
                HNZ (Note)                                                                               487                    478
                Candy (Note)                                                                           2,043                  1,930
                Lejia IOT (Note)                                                                         448                    448
                Other                                                                                    265                     92


                Net carrying amount                                                                   24,290                 23,644

            Note: The recoverable amounts of GE Appliances, HNZ, Candy and Lejia IOT have been determined by using cash flow projections
                  based on financial budgets approved by senior management.


            Assumptions were used in the value-in-use or fair value less cost of disposal calculation of the above
            cash-generating units as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. The following describes each key
            assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing
            of goodwill. The annual growth rates of each CGUs are based on the relevant industry growth
            forecasts and do not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. Other key
            assumptions for the value-in-use calculations relate to the estimation of cash flows which include
            budgeted sales and gross margin; such estimation is based on the unit’s past performance and
            management’s expectations for the market development.




236   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




17. GOODWILL (continued)
   Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of GE Appliances are as follows:


                                      Pre-tax                                Recoverable         Headroom
                                     discount       Annual       Terminal         amount             amount
                                         rate   growth rate   growth rate     (in million)       (in million)


     As at 31 December 2023           12.79%         2.33%             2%      RMB46,746        RMB11,693


     As at 31 December 2022           11.69%         2.29%             2%      RMB54,701        RMB20,063


   Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of HNZ are as follows:


                                      Pre-tax                                Recoverable         Headroom
                                     discount       Annual       Terminal         amount             amount
                                         rate   growth rate   growth rate     (in million)       (in million)


     As at 31 December 2023              15%         4.24%             2%       RMB2,933           RMB421


     As at 31 December 2022           16.25%          4.5%             2%       RMB3,220            RMB757


   Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of Candy are as follows:


                                      Pre-tax                                Recoverable         Headroom
                                     discount       Annual       Terminal         amount             amount
                                         rate   growth rate   growth rate     (in million)       (in million)


     As at 31 December 2023           10.64%         5.32%             1%      RMB11,172         RMB2,693


     As at 31 December 2022            10.2%         6.68%             2%       RMB8,225          RMB1,764




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   237
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      17. GOODWILL (continued)
            Sensitivity analysis of the recoverable amount are disclosed as below:


                                                                GE Appliances              HNZ              Candy


               1% (increase)/decrease in pre-tax discount
                 rate would result in recoverable amount
                 (decrease)/increase by:
               31 December 2023 (in million)                  RMB(4,794)/6,051   RMB(320)/375     RMB(1,526)/4,306


               31 December 2022 (in million)                  RMB(5,927)/7,357   RMB(303)/351     RMB(1,652)/2,250


               1% increase/(decrease) in annual growth rate
                 would result in recoverable amount
                 increase/(decrease) by:
               31 December 2023 (in million)                  RMB7,382/(7,245)       RMB43/(43)      RMB679/(669)


               31 December 2022 (in million)                  RMB8,676/(8,736)       RMB39/(39)      RMB465/(448)


               1% increase/(decrease) in terminal growth
                 rate would result in recoverable amount
                 increase/(decrease) by:
               31 December 2023 (in million)                  RMB5,482/(4,115)   RMB260/(222)      RMB1,202/(976)


               31 December 2022 (in million)                  RMB9,094/(6,875)   RMB231/(200)     RMB1,653/(1,218)


            Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to similar
            industries and geographical locations.

            Annual growth rate — The basis used to determine the annual growth rate is the average growth rate
            achieved in the years immediately before the budget year, increased for expected market
            development.

            Terminal growth rate — The constant rate that the Company is expected to grow indefinitely.

            During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the impairment assessment is based on a
            valuation by an independent professional valuer. The directors and management have considered and
            assessed reasonably possible changes for key assumptions that there is no impairment loss and have
            not identified any instances that could cause the carrying amount exceed its recoverable amount.




238   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                   Proprietary Patents and                     Software &
                                   technology     licences Trademarks              Others              Total
                                       RMB’M        RMB’M      RMB’M               RMB’M              RMB’M


    As at 1 January 2022                   906         3,419          2,476            1,698            8,499
    Additions                              126            37             —               965            1,128
    Acquisition of subsidiaries             —             —              —                10               10
    Disposals                               —              (3)           —                 (4)              (7)
    Amortisation provided for
      the year                            (200)          (147)            —              (697)          (1,044)
    Exchange realignment                    36            323           107                83              549


    As at 31 December 2022
      and 1 January 2023                   868         3,629          2,583            2,055            9,135
    Additions                              127            10             —               843              980
    Acquisition of subsidiaries             —            104             —                 9              113
    Disposals                               —            (28)            —               (64)             (92)
    Amortisation provided for
      the year                            (197)          (158)            —             (853)          (1,208)
    Impairment loss                         —             (66)            —               —               (66)
    Exchange realignment                    15            195           105               (76)            239


    As at 31 December 2023                 813         3,686          2,688            1,914            9,101


   The carrying amounts of trademarks allocated to each of cash generating units of the Group is
   estimated individually for impairment testing as follows:

                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M


    GE Appliances                                                                 673                     662
    HNZ                                                                           559                     548
    Candy                                                                       1,456                   1,373


    Net carrying amount                                                         2,688                   2,583


   The trademark held represented the exclusive right to use of registered trademarks, including Fisher &
   Paykel, DCS and ELBA for HNZ business. GE Appliances operates under several key brands, including
   General Electric series (all product lines), Monogram (refrigerator and cooking), and Hotpoint (laundry
   and cooking), etc. Candy business operates under several key brands, including Candy (mainly
   oriented to the low-to-mid-end kitchen and bathroom appliances) and Hoover (mainly oriented to the
   mid-to-high-end kitchen and bathroom appliances and the floor care appliances).




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   239
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
            In estimating the fair value of trademark, a variation of the income approach, the Relief from Royalty
            (“RfR”) Method, was applied. In the RfR method, the fair value of the intangible asset is estimated to
            be the present value of the royalties saved because the Company owns the intangible asset. In other
            words, the owner of the intangible asset realises a benefit from owning the intangible asset rather than
            pay a rent or royalty for the use of the intangible asset.

            Set out below are details of the value of inputs used in the value-in-use calculation under IAS 36. The
            calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management, and key
            parameters adopted by the valuer for performing the impairment assessment of the intangible assets
            belong to GE Appliances, HNZ and Candy, being the cash generating unit of the Group with indefinite
            useful lives (i.e. trademark, brand name) as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:


                                                            GE Appliances                 HNZ              Candy


                       Key Parameters on valuation:
               (a)     Annual growth rate
                       31 December 2023                              3.63%              6.92%              10.53%
                       31 December 2022                              2.29%              4.50%               6.68%

               (b)     Pre-tax discount rate
                       31 December 2023                             12.55%             21.50%              11.14%
                       31 December 2022                             11.56%             19.71%              11.05%

               (c)     Terminal growth rate
                       31 December 2023                              2.00%              2.00%               1.00%
                       31 December 2022                              2.00%              2.00%               2.00%

               (d)     Royalty rate
                       31 December 2023                              1.25%              2.60%               1.25%
                       31 December 2022                              1.25%              2.60%               1.25%


            Annual growth rate — The basis used to determine the annual growth rate is the average growth rate
            achieved in the years immediately before the budget year, increased for expected market
            development.

            Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to similar
            industries and geographical locations.

            Terminal growth rate — The constant rate that the Company is expected to grow indefinitely.

            Royalty rate — The royalty rate used to determine the royalty fee received for the right to use the
            subject intangible asset.

            There was no impairment loss recognised during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.



240   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
   Sensitivity analysis of the recoverable amount are disclosed as below:


                                                     GE Appliances                 HNZ                  Candy


    Sensitivity analysis
    1% increase/(decrease) in annual growth rate
      would result in recoverable amount
      increase/(decrease) by:
    31 December 2023 (in million)                      RMB10/(10)             RMB4/(4)            RMB68/(66)


    31 December 2022 (in million)                       RMB11/(11)             RMB8/(8)         RMB115/(111)


    1% (increase)/decrease in the pre-tax discount
      rate would result in recoverable amount
      (decrease)/increase by:
    31 December 2023 (in million)                     RMB(86)/105           RMB(39)/43         RMB(246)/313


    31 December 2022 (in million)                     RMB(131)/169           RMB(40)/44         RMB(372)/495


    1% increase/(decrease) in terminal growth rate
      would result in recoverable amount
      increase/(decrease) by:
    31 December 2023 (in million)                      RMB62/(49)           RMB24/(21)         RMB219/(174)


    31 December 2022 (in million)                       RMB83/(65)           RMB25/(22)         RMB358/(275)


    Headroom amount
    31 December 2023 (in million)                         RMB331               RMB251                 RMB749


    31 December 2022 (in million)                          RMB474               RMB266              RMB1,559


    Recoverable amount
    31 December 2023 (in million)                        RMB1,004              RMB810               RMB2,205


    31 December 2022 (in million)                        RMB1,136               RMB814              RMB2,932


   During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the impairment assessment is based on a
   valuation by an independent professional valuer and the directors and management have considered
   and assessed reasonably possible changes for key assumptions that there is no impairment loss and
   have not identified any instances that could cause the carrying amount exceed its recoverable amount.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   241
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
            Details of interests in associates of the Group is as follow:

                                                                                                  2023                     2022
                                                                                                RMB’M                     RMB’M


               Cost of investments in associates                                                 18,945                    18,915
               Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
                 income, net of dividends received                                                 6,713                    5,738
               Impairments loss                                                                     (111)                    (125)


                                                                                                 25,547                    24,528


            Particulars of the material associates of the Group are as follows:


                                   Place of              Paid-up    Percentage of equity
                                   incorporation/      capital or    attributable to the
                                   registration of    registered      Company as at                               Type of legal
               Name                business               capital       31 December          Principal activity   activity
                                                             ’000        2023         2022


               Haier Group       Mainland China/      RMB7,000          42%          42%     Financing            Limited liability
                Finance Co., Ltd  Mainland China                                                                    company




242   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
   The following table illustrates summarised financial position of Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd
   information as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 and summarised financial performance information for
   the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and
   reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements.

   Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Haier Finance”)

                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Current assets                                                          58,472                 62,368
    Non-Current assets, excluding goodwill                                  17,216                 12,623
    Current liabilities                                                    (56,268)               (56,510)
    Non-current liabilities                                                   (583)                  (480)


    Net assets, excluding goodwill                                          18,837                 18,001


    Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                    42.00%                 42.00%


    The Group’s share of net assets of Haier Finance                         7,912                   7,561


    Revenue                                                                  1,699                   2,037
    Profit for the year                                                      1,418                   1,585
    Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                          (23)                     10
    Total comprehensive income for the year                                  1,395                   1,595


    Reconciliation of net assets of Hair Finance:
    Opening net assets 1 January                                             7,561                   7,109
    Dividends declared                                                        (235)                   (218)
    Share of results of Haier Finance                                          586                     670


    Closing net assets 31 December                                           7,912                   7,561




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   243
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
            Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Haier Finance”) (continued)
            The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s and the Company’s
            associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


               Share of results of the associates for the year                            1,179                 918
               Share of the associates’ other comprehensive (loss)/income                   (99)                 96



                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


               Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
                 in the associates                                                       17,746              17,092


            The Group’s trade receivables, payable balance and financial assets measured at amortised cost with
            the associates are disclosed in note 22, 25 and 28 to consolidated financial statements, respectively.

      20. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FVTOCI
                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


               Listed equity investments, at fair value:
               — Qingdao East soft Communication Technology Co., Ltd                         12                   9
               — Other                                                                        8                   7

               Unlisted equity investments, at fair value:
               — SINOPEC Fuel Oil Sales Corporation Limited                               1,986               1,235
               — Haier COSMO IOT Ecosystem Technology Co., Ltd.
                    (“COSMO”)                                                             2,817               2,817
               — Other                                                                    1,581               1,784


                                                                                          6,404               5,852


            The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVTOCI as the Group considers these
            investments to be strategic in nature. Details of valuation techniques used to estimate the fair values of
            the above equity investments are set out in note 41 to consolidated financial statements.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group received dividends in the amount of
            approximately RMB59 million (2022: RMB32 million) from the above investments.




244   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




21. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FVTPL
                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Current
    Wealth management products                                                    488                     15
    Marketable securities                                                         223                    168
    Investment in other equity instruments                                        243                    337


                                                                                  954                    520


   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, included in the Group’s wealth management products were
   products with floating returns which were measured at FVTPL.

22. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Current
    Wealth management products                                                 1,530                   1,642


    Non-current
    Time deposits                                                              8,841                   1,034
    Long-term receivables                                                        351                     305


                                                                               9,192                   1,339


                                                                              10,722                   2,981


   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, included in the Group’s wealth management products were
   products with fixed returns which were stated at amortised cost. All wealth management products are
   principal protected. The time deposits with carrying amounts of RMB6,950 million are placed with Haier
   Finance as at 31 December 2023. The amounts are unsecured, interest on 3.4% per annum and
   recoverable more than one year. The expected credit losses for the financial assets measured at
   amortised cost are immaterial to the Group.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   245
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      23. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                            2023      2022
                                                                          RMB’M      RMB’M


               Derivatives that are designated and effective as hedging
                 instruments carried at fair value:

               Current assets
               Foreign currency forward contracts                             68         179
               Forward commodity contract                                     —            4


                                                                              68         183


               Non-current liabilities
               Put option liabilities                                         —           17


               Derivatives that are designated and effective as hedging
                 instruments carried at fair value:

               Current liabilities
               Foreign currency forward contracts                            167          93
               Forward commodity contract                                      2          12


                                                                             169         105


                                                                             169         122


      24. INVENTORIES
                                                                            2023        2022
                                                                          RMB’M      RMB’M
                                                                                   (Restated)


               Raw material                                                5,665       6,049
               Work in progress                                               48          74
               Finished goods                                             33,811      35,465


                                                                          39,524      41,588




246   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


    Trade receivables                                                           21,677                 17,092
    Less: Allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”)                          (1,408)                 (1,205)


    Trade receivables, net                                                      20,269                 15,887


    Bills receivables                                                            8,626                   9,628
    Less: Allowance for ECL                                                         (5)                      (4)


    Bills receivables, net                                                       8,621                   9,624


    Total                                                                       28,890                 25,511


   The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where
   payment in advance is normally required. The credit period generally ranges from 30 to 90 days. Each
   customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding
   receivables to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In
   view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of
   diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any
   collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-
   interest bearing.

   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables (net of ECL) as at the end of the reporting period, based
   on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


    1 to 3 months                                                               17,882                 13,578
    3 months to 1 year                                                           1,805                  1,714
    1 to 2 years                                                                   405                    416
    2 to 3 years                                                                   120                    144
    Over 3 years                                                                    57                     35


                                                                                20,269                 15,887




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   247
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
            The movements in the ECL allowance of trade and bills receivables are as follows:

                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                        RMB’M                  RMB’M


               As at 1 January                                                             1,209                 821
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                     4                  —
               Impairment losses, net (Note 6)                                               289                 419
               Amount written off as uncollectible                                           (82)                 (36)
               Exchange realignment                                                           (7)                   5


               As at 31 December                                                           1,413                1,209


            As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a
            provision matrix to measure ECL. The ECL rates are based on days past due for groupings of various
            customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type).

            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using
            a provision matrix:

            As at 31 December 2023


                                                      Less than      1 to      2 to      Over   Individual
                                                         1 year   2 years   3 years   3 years assessment         Total


               Average loss rate                         1.45%    13.17%    37.82%    67.98%        99.77%      6.50%
               Gross carrying amount (RMB’M)             19,977       463       193       178           866     21,677
               Expected credit loss (RMB’M)                 289        61        73       121           864      1,408


            As at 31 December 2022 (Restated)


                                                      Less than      1 to      2 to      Over     Individual
                                                         1 year   2 years   3 years   3 years   assessment        Total


               Average loss rate                         2.18%     7.64%    38.79%    70.34%        98.36%      7.05%
               Gross carrying amount (RMB’M)             15,628       445       232       118           669     17,092
               Expected credit loss (RMB’M)                340        34        90        83            658      1,205


            Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates approximately
            RMB687 million (2022: RMB663 million (restated)) and amounts due from associates approximately
            RMB1,241 million (2022: RMB1,169 million (restated)) as at 31 December 2023. All of these amounts
            are repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the Group. Further
            details of the sales to these related parties are set out in note 13 to consolidated financial statements.




248   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
   As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s bills receivables of approximately RMB4,357 million (2022:
   RMB8,715 million) were pledged to secure the Group’s bills payable. The Groups’ bills receivables of
   approximately RM33 million (2022: RMB1 million) and trade receivables of approximately RMB1 million
   (2022: RMB79 million) were pledged to secured of the Group’s loan.

26. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                    2023                     2022
                                                                                                  RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                                        (Restated)


         Current
         Interest receivables (Note a)                                                                 748                     513
         Taxes recoverable (Note a)                                                                  2,611                   2,710
         Prepayments (Note a)                                                                        1,238                   1,110
         Deposits (Note a)                                                                              85                      81
         Other receivables (Note a)                                                                  1,968                   2,022
         Miscellaneous receivables (Note a)                                                            671                     563


                                                                                                     7,321                   6,999
         Less: Allowance for ECL                                                                      (413)                   (436)


                                                                                                     6,908                   6,563
         Non-current
         Long-term prepayments (Note b)                                                              1,747                   1,672


                                                                                                     8,655                   8,235

   Notes:


   (a)      Included in the Group’s prepayments, deposits and other receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates of approximately
            RMB748 million (2022: RMB569 million (restated)) and amounts due from associates of approximately RMB23 million (2022:
            RMB126 million (restated)) as at 31 December 2023. All of these amounts are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on
            demand.


            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables mainly represent prepayments and the deposits with suppliers and other
            parties. The ECL are estimated by applying a general approach with reference to the historical loss record of the Group and
            is adjusted to reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. The average loss
            rate applied as at the 31 December 2023 was 5.64% (2022: 6.23% (restated)). The credit quality of the financial assets
            included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables is considered to be normal because they are not past due and
            there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk.


   (b)      Included in the Group’s long-term prepayments are advances made to Haier Affiliates relating to the Group’s property, plant
            and equipment with an aggregate amount of approximately RMB9 million (2022: RMB4 million) as at 31 December 2023.
            The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on demand.




                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023      249
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      26. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
            The movements in the ECL of deposits and other receivables are as follows:

                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                    RMB’M              RMB’M


               As at 1 January                                                            436              519
               Impairment losses, net (Note 6)                                            279              293
               Amount written off as uncollectible                                       (303)            (385)
               Exchange realignment                                                         1                9


               As at 31 December                                                         413               436


      27. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
            Bank balances carry interest at market rates which range from 0.30% to 3.50% per annum (2022:
            0.30% to 3.90% per annum) for the year ended 31 December 2023. The pledged deposits carry an
            interest rate which ranges from 0.39% to 3.4% per annum (2022: 0.39% to 3.50% per annum) for the
            year ended 31 December 2023. The pledged bank deposits will be released upon the settlement of
            relevant bills payables (Note 28).

            Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged to banks to secure banking facilities granted to the
            Group. Deposits amounting to approximately RMB407 million (2022: RMB642 million) have been
            pledged to secure bills payables (Note 28) as at 31 December 2023 and are therefore classified as
            current assets.

                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                                    RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


               Cash and bank balances                                                30,079             27,017
               Time deposits                                                         24,407             27,145


                                                                                     54,486             54,162
               Less: Cash and bank balances and time deposits pledged for:
                       Bills payable (Note 28)                                           (407)            (642)
                       Bank guarantees                                                    (41)              (23)


               Pledged deposits                                                          (448)            (665)
               Other deposit with limited use                                             (61)            (105)


               Cash and cash equivalents                                             53,977             53,392




250   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




27. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
   (continued)
   As at 31 December 2023, the cash and bank balances and time deposits of the Group, denominated
   in RMB, amounted to approximately RMB38,086 million (2022: RMB41,458 million (restated)). The RMB
   is not freely convertible into other currencies; however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange
   Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
   Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to
   conduct foreign exchange business.

   Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits are
   made for within three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn
   interest at the deposit rates of the respective periods. The bank balances and pledged deposits are
   deposited with creditworthy banks or financial institutions with no recent history of default.

   Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are deposits of approximately RMB26,277 million
   (2022: RMB31,433 million (restated)) placed with Haier Finance as at 31 December 2023 which is an
   associate of the Group and is a financial institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The
   interest rate on these deposits ranges from 0.00012% to 5.32% per annum (2022: 0.39% to 3.50%
   per annum) for the year ended 31 December 2023. Further details of the interest income attributable to
   the deposits placed with Haier Finance are set out in note 13 to consolidated financial statements.

28. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
                                                                               2023                   2022
                                                                             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                 (Restated)


    Trade payables                                                            47,062                 41,885
    Bills payables                                                            22,216                 25,099


                                                                              69,278                 66,984


   An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
   invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                               2023                   2022
                                                                             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                 (Restated)


    Within 1 year                                                             68,726                 66,489
    1 to 2 years                                                                 279                    285
    2 to 3 years                                                                 114                     89
    Over 3 years                                                                 159                    121


                                                                              69,278                 66,984




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   251
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      28. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES (continued)
            The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on credit terms ranging
            from 30 to 180 days.

            Included in the Group’s trade and bills payables are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of approximately
            RMB1,847 million (2022: RMB3,571 million (restated)) and amounts due to an associate of
            approximately RMB1,457 million (2022: RMB1,492 million) as at 31 December 2023. Further details of
            the purchases from these related parties are set out in note 13 to consolidated financial statements.

            As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s bills payable are secured by the pledge of the Group’s bank
            deposits amounting to approximately RMB407 million (2022: RMB642 million) (Note 27) and the
            Group’s bills receivable amounting to approximately RMB4,357 million (2022: RMB8,715 million) (Note
            25).

      29. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                      (Restated)


               Other payables and accruals                                            25,003             22,580
               Refund liabilities:
                 Volume rebate                                                         1,683              1,465
                 Sales return                                                            580                625
               Deferred income (Note 33)                                                 102                114


                                                                                      27,368             24,784


            Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

            Included in the Group’s other payables and accruals are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of
            approximately RMB1,531 million (2022: RMB1,164 million (restated)), amounts due to associates of
            approximately RMB45 million (2022: RMB65 million) as at 31 December 2023. All of these amounts are
            unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




252   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




30. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES
   (a)   Contract assets

                                                                                  2023                  2022
                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M


          Retention for rendering service                                            328                    380
          Impairment loss                                                            (67)                    (70)


                                                                                     261                    310


         The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and
         not billed because the rights are conditioned on the Group’s future performance. The contract
         assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

         The Group also typically agrees to a retention for 5% of the contract value. This amount is
         included in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the Group’s entitlement to this
         final payment is conditional at the end of warranty period.

         The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to realise them
         in its normal operating cycle.

   (b)   Contract liabilities
         The Group’s sale of products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other value-
         added customer services contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments
         over the services period once certain specified milestones are reached. The Group requires
         certain customers to provide upfront deposits range from 10% to 20% of total contract sum as
         part of its credit risk management policies. The Group typically require 10% of total contract sum
         for credit risk management.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   253
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      30. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES (continued)
            (b)    Contract liabilities (continued)
                   The Group’s contract liabilities are analysed as follows:

                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                   RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


                      Receipt in advance/contract liabilities
                      Sale of goods                                                  7,724             9,344
                      Rendering of services                                              8                 9


                      As at 31 December                                              7,732             9,353


                   Contract liabilities mainly include short-term advances received from customers for sales of
                   products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other value-added customer
                   services.

                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                   RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


                      Contract liabilities
                      As at 1 January                                                9,353            10,051
                      Consideration received from customers over the
                        amounts of revenue recognised                                 7,210             9,086
                      Less: Revenue recognised during the year                       (8,831)           (9,784)


                      As at 31 December                                              7,732             9,353




254   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




31. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
   The analysis of the carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as follows:

                                                                              2023                     2022
                                                                            RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Current
    Bank loans — unsecured                                                    10,360                  12,330
    Bank loans — secured                                                          48                     184


                                                                              10,408                  12,514


    Non-current
    Bank loans — unsecured                                                    17,973                  13,603
    Bank loans — secured                                                          15                      24


                                                                              17,988                  13,627


                                                                              28,396                  26,141


    Unsecured                                                                 28,333                  25,933
    Secured                                                                       63                     208


                                                                              28,396                  26,141


    Analysed into:
    Loans repayable:
      Within one year or on demand                                            10,408                  12,514
      In the second year                                                      13,014                     992
      In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                   4,876                  12,598
      Over five years                                                             98                      37


                                                                              28,396                  26,141


    Effective interest rate
      Current
         Bank loans — unsecured                                    0.70% to 9.20%          0.85% to 8.00%
         Bank loans — secured                                      1.70% to 4.70%          2.00% to 4.50%
      Non-current
         Bank loans — unsecured                                    1.20% to 7.00%          1.50% to 5.31%
         Bank loans — secured                                      4.30% to 4.60%                   1.19%




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   255
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      31. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (continued)
            As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings were denominated in the
            following currencies:

                                                                                           2023                2022
                                                                                         RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                          (Restated)


                  USD                                                                     11,618             10,006
                  EUR                                                                      7,292              9,503
                  RMB                                                                      4,669              2,625
                  Other currencies                                                         4,817              4,007


                                                                                          28,396             26,141


            Included in the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings are borrowings of approximately RMBNil million
            (2022: RMB60 million) from Haier Finance, which is an associate of the Group and is a financial
            institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The interest rate on these loans ranges from Nil%
            to Nil% per annum (2022: 1.8% to 4.5% per annum) for the years ended 31 December 2023. Further
            details of the interest expense to these related parties are set out in note 13 to consolidated financial
            statement.

            The Group’s loans are guaranteed by:

            (i)      Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, to the extent of approximately RMBNil
                     million as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB60 million); and

            The Group’s loans are secured by:

            (i)      the pledge of the Group’s trade and bills receivables with carrying amount of approximately RMB34
                     million as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB80 million (restated)).




256   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




32. PROVISIONS
                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                               RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Product warranties                                                           3,809                   3,502
    Legal claim                                                                    242                     307
    Others                                                                         416                     339


                                                                                  4,467                  4,148
    Portion classified as current liabilities                                    (2,532)                (2,537)


    Non-current portion                                                          1,935                   1,611


   The movements in product warranties are as follows:

                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                               RMB’M                  RMB’M


    As at 1 January                                                               3,502                  3,681
    Additional provision (Note 6)                                                 6,344                  5,945
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                      71                     —
    Amounts utilised during the year                                             (6,135)                (6,178)
    Exchange realignment                                                             27                     54


    As at 31 December                                                            3,809                   3,502


   The Group provides installation services and warranties of three to eight years to its customers for
   refrigerators, freezers, kitchen conditioners, air-appliances, laundry appliances, water appliances and
   smart home business overseas under which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The amount of
   the provision for the warranties is estimated based on retail volume and past experience of the level of
   installation services rendered, repairs and returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an ongoing
   basis and revised where appropriate.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   257
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      33. DEFERRED INCOME
            The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


               As at 1 January                                                            949                823
               Compensation received during the year                                      230                263
               Credit to profit or loss                                                  (129)              (137)


               As at 31 December                                                        1,050                949
               Less: Current portion included in other payables and
                       accruals (Note 29)                                                (102)              (114)


               Non-current portion                                                        948                835


            Government grants mainly include subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group which
            operates in the Mainland China in accordance with the subsidy policies of local government authorities.
            Subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group is recognised in the consolidated statement of
            profit or loss and other comprehensive income when received and no specific conditions are required.
            Those government grants recognised are included in other income. There are no unfulfilled conditions
            or contingencies relating to these government grants.




258   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




34. DEFERRED TAX
   The movements in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities during the years ended 31 December
   2023 and 2022 are as follows:

   Deferred tax assets

                                                                  Lease                                Research and
                                         Provision for    liabilities and   Unrealised        Loss     development
                                          impairment           payables        profits    uncovered           costs     Other         Total
                                              RMB’M             RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M           RMB’M      RMB’M        RMB’M


    As at 1 January 2022 (restated)               355              2,275          619           817              57       392         4,515
    Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
       the statement of profit or loss
       during the year, net                       126                 37          229          (609)            539       (36)         286
    Deferred tax charged to the
       statement of other
       comprehensive income during
       the year                                    —                  —             —            —               —         25           25
    Exchange realignment                            4                 82             1            9              19       (34)          81


    As at 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023 (restated)                  485              2,394          849           217             615       347         4,907
    Deferred tax (charged)/credited to
       the statement of profit or loss
       during the year, net                         (8)              234          (141)          10             542        43          680
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                     1                  1            —            —               —         —              2
    Exchange realignment                            (5)               18            —             4              14       (98)          (67)


    As at 31 December 2023                        473              2,647          708           231           1,171       292         5,522




                                                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   259
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      34. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
            Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                   Remeasurement
                                                                                    of fair value of
                                                                    Right of use     the remaining     Change in fair
                                                                         assets,     equity on the     value of other
                                                  Withholding   depreciation and    date of loss of equity instrument
                                                        taxes       amortisation            control       investment     Other     Total
                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M              RMB’M             RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2022 (restated)            94               3,187                879              292      328      4,780
               Deferred tax charged to the
                  statement of profit or loss
                  during the year, net                     —                518                  —                 —       74       592
               Deferred tax charged to the
                  statement of other
                  comprehensive income
                  during the year                          —                  —                  —                 1         7        8
               Exchange realignment                        —                170                  —                 —        (8)     162


               As at 31 December 2022 and
                  1 January 2023 (restated)               94               3,875                879              293      401      5,542
               Deferred tax charged/(credited)
                  to the statement of profit or
                  loss during the year, net                —                165                  —                 —       (57)     108
               Deferred tax charged to the
                  statement of other
                  comprehensive income
                  during the year                          —                  —                  —                13       65        78
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —                  9                  —                —        —          9
               Exchange realignment                        —                 18                  —                 —       (11)       7


               As at 31 December 2023                     94               4,067                879              306      398      5,744




260   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




34. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
   Deferred tax liabilities (continued)
   For presentation purpose, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement
   of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balance of the Group for financial
   reporting purpose:

                                                                                  2023                     2022
                                                                                RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                      (Restated)


    Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                              1,806                  1,724
    Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                              (2,028)               (2,359)


    Net deferred tax liabilities                                                    (222)                  (635)


35. SHARE CAPITAL
   The movements of the Company’s issued share capital during the years ended 31 December 2023
   and 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                   Total
                                                                               number of                 Share
                                          H Shares       D Shares     A Shares    shares                capital
                                                ’M             ’M           ’M        ’M                RMB’M


    As at 1 January 2022                       2,819           271         6,309             9,399        9,399
    Issue of share (Note a)                       22            —             —                 22           22
    Share repurchased and cancelled
      (Note b)                                    (15)            —            —               (15)          (15)
    Placing of shares (Note c)                     41             —            —                41            41


    As at 31 December 2022 and
      1 January 2023                           2,867           271         6,309             9,447        9,447
    Share repurchased and cancelled
      (Note d)                                     (9)            —            —                (9)            (9)


    As at 31 December 2023                     2,858           271         6,309             9,438        9,438




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   261
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      35. SHARE CAPITAL (continued)
            Notes:


            (a)      Upon conversion of convertible bond during year ended 31 December 2022, a total of 21,450,563 H Shares were issued.


            (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased a total of 14,970,200 H shares at a consideration of
                     approximately HKD362 million which were subsequently cancelled.


            (c)      On 21 January 2022, the Company placed 41,413,600 shares to five placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are
                     third parties independent of and not connected with the Company and/or its connected persons at a placing price of HK$28
                     per share.


            (d)      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company repurchased a total of 8,483,600 H shares at a consideration of
                     approximately HKD199 million which were subsequently cancelled.


            (e)      All shares issued are at par value of RMB1.


      36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS
            The Company adopted the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025), the H
            Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025) and the H Share Restricted Share
            Unit Scheme (RSU) at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2021.

            It is expected that relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside within Mainland China will mainly
            be covered by the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, while relevant employees of the Group
            ordinarily reside outside Mainland China will mainly be covered by the RSU Scheme.

            The A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme are designed to provide incentive to middle and
            senior management and core employees with the Company’s two to three-year profit target, and
            business unit and individual performance target as the main appraisal benchmarks. There is no
            consideration to be paid by the participants for the shares awarded under the A Share and H Share
            ESOPs and RSU Scheme, which aligns with the purpose of the share aware scheme to attract and
            retain the services of directors and employees.

            The ESOP for each year shall be independent of each other, but the total number of shares held by
            each established and existing ESOP (including A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP) shall not exceed
            10% of the total share capital of the Company, and the total number of shares corresponding to a
            single employee’s share in the existing ESOPs shall not exceed 1% of the total amount of the
            Company’s share capital.




262   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (a)   A and H Share ESOP
         A Share ESOP
         Particulars and movements of A Share ESOP during the year ended 31 December 2023 and
         2022 were as follows:


                                                      2023                             2022
                                            Weighted                         Weighted
                                              average                          average
                                           grant date     Number of         grant date      Number of
                                            fair value     awarded           fair value      awarded
                                            per share        shares          per share         shares
                                                 RMB                              RMB


          At 1 January                            23.5    44,637,782              24.9       25,440,807

          Grant during the year                   24.5    25,117,000              22.6       26,814,055
          Vested during the year                  23.9   (14,854,383)             24.9        (7,617,080)
          Cancelled during the year               24.9    (9,250,790)               —                 —


          Outstanding as at
           31 December                            23.6    45,649,609              23.5       44,637,782


         During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company granted A Share ESOP on 28 July
         2023 (2022: 10 August 2022) with an estimated fair value of RMB614 million (2022: RMB607
         million).

         The fair value of the A Share ESOP was calculated based on the market closing price of the
         Company’s shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have
         been taken into account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.




                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   263
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a)    A and H Share ESOP (continued)
                   H Share ESOP
                   Particulars and movements of H Share ESOP during the year ended 31 December 2023 and
                   2022 were as follows:


                                                                 2023                         2022
                                                       Weighted                     Weighted
                                                         average                      average
                                                      grant date     Number of     grant date      Number of
                                                       fair value     awarded       fair value      awarded
                                                       per share        shares      per share         shares
                                                            RMB                          RMB


                      At 1 January                          20.7     5,117,851          21.6      3,757,000
                      Grant during the year                 22.7     3,230,400          19.7      2,653,200
                      Vested during the year                20.8    (1,469,399)         21.6     (1,292,349)
                      Cancelled during the year             21.6    (1,630,368)           —              —


                      Outstanding as at
                       31 December                          21.5     5,248,484          20.7      5,117,851


                   During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company granted H Share ESOP on 28 July
                   2023 (2022: 10 August 2022) with an estimated fair value of RMB73 million (2022: RMB52
                   million).

                   The Group recognised a total expense of RMB407 million (2022: RMB567 million) for the year
                   ended 31 December 2023 in relation to A and H Share ESOP granted by the Company.

                   The fair value of the H Share ESOP was calculated based on the market closing price of the
                   Company’s shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have
                   been taken into account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.




264   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (b)   H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme
         Particulars and movements of H Share RSU during the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022
         were as follows:


                                                        2023                              2022
                                              Weighted                          Weighted
                                                average                           average
                                             grant date     Number of          grant date      Number of
                                              fair value     awarded            fair value      awarded
                                              per share        shares           per share         shares
                                                   RMB                               RMB


          At 1 January                              22.0      8,765,875               21.6        4,438,027
          Grant during the year                     21.4      6,158,959               22.2        5,636,959
          Vested during the year                    22.0       (536,428)              21.6         (309,451)
          Cancelled during the year                 21.6        (23,427)                —                —
          Lapsed during the year                    22.5       (279,430)              21.6          (999,660)


          Outstanding as at
           31 December                              21.7     14,085,549               22.0        8,765,875


         During the year ended 31 December 2023, H Share RSU were granted on 23 June 2023 and 1
         November 2023. The estimated fair values of the H Share RSU granted on those dates are
         RMB131 million and RMB1 million respectively.

         During the year ended 31 December 2022, H Share RSU were granted on 25 May 2022, 23
         June 2022 and 9 September 2022. The estimated fair values of the H Share RSU granted on
         those dates are RMB1 million, RMB123 million and RMB1 million respectively.

         The Group recognised a total expense of RMB43 million (2022: RMB30 million) for the year
         ended 31 December 2023 in relation to H Share RSU granted by the Company.

         The fair value of the H Share RSU was calculated based on the market closing price of the
         Company’s shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have
         been taken into account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.

   (c)   A-Share Option Scheme
         The total number shares of the Company to be granted under the A Share Option Incentive
         schemes within the validity period to any participants will not exceed 1% of the total number of
         shares of the Company. The total underlying shares of the Company involved under fully effective
         share option incentive schemes shall not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the
         Company.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   265
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (c)    A-Share Option Scheme (continued)
                   2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
                   The Company adopted a 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2022 A Share Option
                   Incentive Scheme”) at the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2022.

                   On 28 June 2022, the Company had resolved to grant 104,756,896 A share options to 1,834
                   participants.

                   The share options granted in 2022 will be valid for a maximum period of 60 months
                   commencing from the grant date to the date of full exercise or cancellation of all share options
                   granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant date of share
                   options granted under the 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, and subject to the
                   satisfaction of the exercise conditions, the participants may exercise the options in four yearly
                   phases of 25% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share options is from the
                   date of grant until the respective vesting dates.

                   Particulars and movements of share options during the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022
                   were as follows:


                                                                  2023                             2022
                                                         Weighted                        Weighted
                                                          average                         average
                                                          exercise                        exercise
                                                             price    Number of               price     Number of
                                                         per share      options          per share        options
                                                              RMB                            RMB


                      At 1 January                             24.4   155,282,110             25.6    50,525,214
                      Grant during the year                      —             —              23.9   104,756,896
                      Cancelled during the year                24.6    (45,132,648)             —             —
                      Lapsed during the year                   24.6     (4,101,442)             —             —


                      Outstanding as at
                       31 December                             24.3   106,048,020             24.4   155,282,110


                   The weighted average remaining contract life for outstanding share options was 2.6 years in
                   2023 (2022: 2.9 years).

                   During the year ended 31 December 2022, options were granted on 28 June 2022. The
                   estimated fair values of the option granted on this date is RMB777 million.




266   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (c)   A-Share Option Scheme (continued)
         In determining the value of the share options granted, the Black-Scholes option pricing model
         (the “Black-Scholes Model”) has been used. The Black-Scholes Model is one of the most
         generally accepted methodologies used to calculate the value of options. The variables of the
         Black-Scholes Model include share price, exercise price, expected volatility, expected life, risk-
         free rate and expected dividend yield of the shares of the Company.

         These fair values of share options granted during the year 31 December 2022 were calculated
         using the Black-Scholes Model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

                                                                                                              2022


               Share price (RMB)                                                                          27.01
               Exercise price (RMB)                                                                       23.86
               Expected volatility                                                            36.77% to 40.16%
               Expected life                                                                          1–4 years
               Risk-free rate                                                                      2% to 2.56%
               Expected dividend yield                                                                    1.7%


         The above variables were determined as follows:

         (i)      The expected volatility represents the annualised standard deviation of the return on the daily
                  share price of the Company over the period commensurate to the expected life of the
                  options (taking into account the remaining contractual life of the option and the effect of
                  the expected early exercise of the option).

         (ii)     The expected life is estimated to be 1 year to 4 years after the end of the respective vesting
                  period.

         (iii)    The risk-free rate represents the yield of the China Government Bonds corresponding to the
                  expected life of the option as at the measurement date.

         The Black-Scholes Model applied for the determination of the estimated value of the options
         granted under 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme requires inputs of highly subjective
         assumptions, including the expected stock volatility. As the Company’s share options have
         characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, changes in subjective inputs
         may materially affect the estimated fair value of the options granted.

         The Group recognises the fair value of share options as an expense in the income statement
         over the vesting period, or as an asset, if the cost qualifies for recognition as an asset. The fair
         value of the share options is measured at the date of grant. The Group recognised a total
         expense of RMB161 million (2022: RMB315 million) for the year ended 31 December 2023 in
         relation to share options granted by the Company.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   267
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      37. RESERVES
            Reserves
            The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the years ended 31 December
            2023 and 2022 are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of the consolidated
            financial statements.

            (i)     According to the relevant rules and regulations in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”),
                    subsidiaries of the Company established in the PRC are required to transfer 10% of their net
                    profit, as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and regulations, to the
                    reserve fund until the balance of the reserve reaches 50% of their respective registered capital.
                    The transfer to this reserve must be made before distribution of dividends to owners of these
                    subsidiaries. Reserve fund can be used to set off previous years’ losses, if any, and may be
                    converted into capital in proportion to existing equity owners’ equity percentage, provided that
                    the balance after such issuance is not less than 25% of their registered capital.

            (ii)    Convertible bond reserve represent the value of the unexercised equity component of convertible
                    bond issued by the Company recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for
                    convertible bond. If the convertible bond are not converted at the maturity date, the convertible
                    bond reserves will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss.

            (iii)   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve comprises all foreign exchange
                    differences arising from the translation of the financial statement of operations.

            (iv)    The cash flow hedge reserve represent the cumulative amount of gains and losses on hedging
                    instruments deemed effective in cash flow hedges. The cumulative deferred gain or loss on the
                    hedging instrument is recognised in profit or loss only when the hedged transaction impacts the
                    profit or loss, or is included directly in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged
                    non-financial items (basis adjustment).

            (v)     Fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investments
                    designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) under IFRS 9 that are
                    held at the end of the reporting period.

            (vi)    Treasury shares reserve comprises the value of those ordinary shares repurchased and cancelled.




268   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




38. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (a)   Major non-cash transactions
         During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use
         assets of approximately RMB2,371 million (2022: RMB2,203 million) and lease liabilities of
         approximately RMB1,806 million (2022: RMB1,853 million), in respect of lease arrangements for
         land and building, machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures and
         equipment.

   (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                           Other payables
                                                           and accruals in
                                                               relation to       Interest-
                                                                financing         bearing          Lease      Convertible
                                                                 activities    borrowings      liabilities         bond
                                                                   RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M


          As at 1 January 2022 (restated)                              124          21,074         2,649              335
          Changes from financing cash flows                         (5,135)          3,741          (959)              —
          Foreign exchange movement                                     (47)         1,326           165               25
          New leases                                                     —              —          1,853               —
          Early Termination                                              —              —             (77)             —
          Interest paid and payable                                    881              —              97                6
          Redemption of bond                                            —               —              —                (5)
          Disposal of subsidiaries                                      —               —              (1)              —
          Conversion of convertible bond                                —               —              —              (361)
          Dividends payable to the shareholders                      4,297              —              —                —
          Dividends payable to non-controlling interests                19              —              —                —


          As at 31 December 2022 and
             1 January 2023 (restated)                                 139          26,141         3,727                —
          Changes from financing cash flows                         (7,224)          1,535        (1,138)               —
          Foreign exchange movement                                     27             702            36                —
          New leases                                                    —               —          1,806                —
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                                   —               18             7                —
          Early Termination                                             —               —           (249)               —
          Interest paid and payable                                  1,972              —            138                —
          Dividends payable to the shareholders                      5,254              —             —                 —
          Dividends payable to non-controlling interests                25              —             —                 —


          As at 31 December 2023                                       193          28,396         4,327                —




                                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   269
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      38. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            (continued)
            (c)        Total cash outflow for leases

                                                                                                                 2023                     2022
                                                                                                               RMB’M                     RMB’M


                          Within operating activities                                                              (439)                     (357)
                          Within financing activities                                                            (1,138)                     (959)


                                                                                                                 (1,577)                  (1,316)


      39. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
            concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
            balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the interest-bearing borrowings
            and lease liabilities disclosed in notes 31 and 16(b) respectively, net assets of the Group, comprising
            issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

            The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                                 2023                     2022
                                                                                                               RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                                                     (Restated)


                   Debt (i)                                                                                     32,723                   29,868
                   Equity (ii)                                                                                 105,912                   94,750


                   Net debt to equity ratio                                                                      30.9%                    31.5%

            (i)        Debt is defined as long and short-term interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities as detailed in notes 31 and 16(b).


            (ii)       Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group.




270   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments are as follows:

   Financial assets
   31 December 2023

                                                                                      Financial
                                       Financial     Financial                           assets
                                          assets        assets      Derivative       measured
                                       measured     measured       designated     at amortised
                                       at FVTPL     at FVTOCI      as hedges               cost          Total
                                         RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M             RMB’M           RMB’M

    Equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI                                 —          6,404              —               —             6,404
    Trade and bills receivables               —             —               —           28,890           28,890
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables          —              —              —             4,914           4,914
    Financial assets measured at
       FVTPL                                 954             —              —                —              954
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                         —              —             —            10,722           10,722
    Derivative financial instruments          —              —             68               —                68
    Pledged deposits                          —              —             —               448              448
    Other deposits with limited use           —              —             —                61               61
    Cash and cash equivalents                 —              —             —            53,977           53,977

                                             954         6,404             68           99,012          106,438


   31 December 2022 (Restated)

                                                                                       Financial
                                        Financial      Financial                         assets
                                          assets         assets      Derivative       measured
                                       measured       measured      designated     at amortised
                                       at FVTPL      at FVTOCI      as hedges              cost            Total
                                         RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M            RMB’M

    Equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI                                 —          5,852              —               —             5,852
    Trade and bills receivables               —             —               —           25,511           25,511
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables          —              —              —             4,809           4,809
    Financial assets measured at
       FVTPL                                 520             —              —                —              520
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                         —              —             —             2,981            2,981
    Derivative financial instruments          —              —            183               —               183
    Pledged deposits                          —              —             —               665              665
    Other deposits with limited use           —              —             —               105              105
    Cash and cash equivalents                 —              —             —            53,392           53,392

                                             520         5,852            183           87,463           94,018




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   271
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
            Financial liabilities
            31 December 2023


                                                                                         Financial
                                                      Financial                          liabilities
                                                       liabilities     Derivative       measured
                                                      measured        designated     at amortised
                                                      at FVTPL        as hedges                cost      Total
                                                         RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M        RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                         —              —            69,278       69,278
               Financial liabilities included other
                  payables and accruals                         —              —            25,092       25,092
               Derivative financial instruments                 —             169               —           169
               Interest-bearing borrowings                      —              —            28,396       28,396
               Other non-current liabilities                    —              —               114          114
               Lease liabilities                                —              —             4,327        4,327


                                                                —             169          127,207      127,376


            31 December 2022 (Restated)


                                                                                          Financial
                                                        Financial                         liabilities
                                                        liabilities     Derivative       measured
                                                       measured        designated     at amortised
                                                       at FVTPL        as hedges               cost       Total
                                                          RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M       RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                         —              —            66,984       66,984
               Financial liabilities included other
                  payables and accruals                         —              —            22,414       22,414
               Derivative financial instruments                17             105               —           122
               Interest-bearing borrowings                     —               —            26,141       26,141
               Other non-current liabilities                   —               —                98           98
               Lease liabilities                               —               —             3,727        3,727


                                                               17             105          119,364      119,486




272   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
   The Group’s management is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
   measurement of financial instruments. As at each reporting date, management analyses the
   movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the
   valuation. The valuation process and results are discussed with the those charged with governance
   twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

   The management estimates that the amount of financial instruments carried at amortised cost
   Approximates its fair value.

   The management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits,
   other deposits with limited use, certain other financial assets measured at amortised cost, trade and
   bills receivables, other receivables, trade and bills payables and other payables approximate to their
   carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

   The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
   could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or
   liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

   The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at FVTOCI have been estimated using a
   market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by observable market
   prices or rates. The valuation requires management to determine comparable public companies (peers)
   based on industry and place of business, and to calculate an appropriate price multiple, such as price
   to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, and EV/Sales multiple for each comparable company identified. The
   multiple is calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings
   measure. The trading multiple is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size
   differences between the comparable companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances.
   The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity
   investments to measure the fair value. Management believes that the estimated fair values resulting
   from the valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position,
   and the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are
   reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period. The fair
   values of the remaining unlisted equity investments designated at FVTOCI are determined with
   reference to their respective latest available transaction prices.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   273
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      41. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent equity investments designated at FVTOCI
            and wealth management products included in financial assets measured at FVTPL issued by banks in
            Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a
            discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar
            terms and risks.

            The fair values of bills receivable and interest-bearing borrowings have been calculated by discounting
            the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
            risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing borrowings
            was assessed to be insignificant. The carrying amount of the financial instrument reasonably
            approximate to fair value.

            Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs (level 3 inputs of fair value measurement) to the
            valuation of financial instruments together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December
            2023 and 2022.

            The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
            instruments:

            Assets measured at fair value
            31 December 2023


                                                           Level 1         Level 2         Level 3          Total
                                                           RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M


               Equity investments designated
                 at FVTOCI                                       20              —           6,384           6,404
               Financial assets measured at FVTPL               370             488             96             954
               Derivative financial instruments                  —               68             —               68


                                                                390             556          6,480           7,426


            31 December 2022


                                                            Level 1         Level 2         Level 3           Total
                                                            RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M


               Equity investments designated
                 at FVTOCI                                       16           1,028          4,808           5,852
               Financial assets measured at FVTPL               396              15            109             520
               Derivative financial instruments                  —              183             —              183


                                                                412           1,226          4,917           6,555




274   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   Liabilities measured at fair value
   31 December 2023


                                                                      Level 1                    Level 2                 Level 3                       Total
                                                                      RMB’M                      RMB’M                   RMB’M                        RMB’M


    Derivative financial instruments                                           —                    169                             —                        169


   31 December 2022


                                                                       Level 1                   Level 2                  Level 3                        Total
                                                                       RMB’M                     RMB’M                    RMB’M                        RMB’M


    Derivative financial instruments                                           —                    105                            17                        122


                           Fair value   Fair value                                                 Significant
                           as at        as at        Fair value   Valuation                        unobservable
   Financial assets        31/12/2023   31/12/2022   hierarchy    technique    Range               input(s)         Sensitivity of fair value


   Equity Investment       RMB1,986     RMB1,235     Level 3      Market       2023: 37.38–38.14   Average P/E      1% increase (decrease) in average P/E multiple of
     designated at           million      million                   approach   2022: 32.38–33.04     multiple of      the comparable companies would result in
     FVTOCI — SINOPEC                                                                                peers            increase (decrease) in fair value by 2023:
     Fuel Oil Sales                                                                                                   RMB19.9 million (RMB19.9 million) 2022:
     Corporation Limited                                                                                              RMB12.3 million (RMB12.3 million)

                                                                               2023: 25%–27%       Discount for     1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability
                                                                               2022: 28%–30%          lack of         would result in decrease (increase) in fair value
                                                                                                      marketability   by 2023: RMB26.9 million (RMB26.9 million)
                                                                                                                      2022: RMB17.4 million (RMB17.4 million)

   Equity Investment       RMB2,817     RMB2,817     Level 3      Market       2023: 2.93–2.99     EV/Sales         1% increase (decrease) in EV/Sales multiple of the
     designated at           million      million                   approach   2022: 1.46–1.48       multiple         comparable companies would result in increase
     FVTOCI — COSMO                                                                                  of peers         (decrease) in fair value by 2023: RMB21.3 million
                                                                                                                      (RMB21.3 million) 2022: RMB19.9 million
                                                                                                                      (RMB19.9 million)

                                                                               2023: 27%–29%       Discount for     1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability
                                                                               2022: 19%–21%          lack of         would result in decrease (increase) in fair value
                                                                                                      marketability   by 2023: RMB29.4 million (RMB29.4 million)
                                                                                                                      2022: RMB25.0 million (RMB25 million)




                                                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023                          275
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      41. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Liabilities measured at fair value (continued)

              Financial assets/                        Fair value as at        Fair value as at         Value
              Financial liabilities                    31/12/2023              31/12/2022               hierarchy     Valuation technique


              Equity investment designated at FVTOCI   N/A                     Assets                   Level 2       Recent market an equity financing
                                                                                  — RMB1,028 million                    transaction with independent parties

              Financial assets measured at FVTPL       Assets                  Assets                   Level 2       Discounted cash flow
                 — Wealth management products            — RMB488 million         — RMB15 million

              Derivative financial Instruments         Assets                  Assets                   Level 2       Discounted cash flow
                 — Foreign currency forward              — RMB68 million          — RMB179 million
                      contracts                        Liabilities             Liabilities
                                                          — RMB167 million        — RMB93 million

              Derivative financial Instruments         Liabilities             Assets                   Level 2       Discounted cash flow
                 — Forwards commodity contract            — RMB2 million          — RMB4 million
                                                                               Liabilities
                                                                                  — RMB12 million



            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                 Equity             Financial
                                                                           investments                 assets         Derivative
                                                                            designated              measured            financial
                                                                               FVTOCI               at FVTPL        instruments                  Total
                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000           RMB’000                 RMB’000


               At 1 January 2022                                                  2,019                   106                     47                 2,172
               Total gains or losses:
               — in profit or loss                                                     —                     3                   (17)                   (14)
               — in other comprehensive income                                      (146)                    —                    —                   (146)
               Transfers out of level 3                                               —                      —                   (47)                   (47)
               Transfers into level 3 (Note 1)                                    2,812                      —                    —                  2,812
               Additions                                                            123                      —                    —                    123


               At 31 December 2022 and
                 1 January 2023                                                   4,808                   109                    (17)                4,900
               Total gains or losses:
               — in profit or loss                                                     —                   (12)                   —                    (12)
               — in other comprehensive income                                      547                     —                     —                    547
               Transfers into level 3 (Note 2)                                    1,028                     —                     —                  1,028
               Additions                                                             24                     —                     —                     24
               Disposal                                                             (23)                     (1)                  17                    (7)


               At 31 December 2023                                                6,384                     96                    —                  6,480




276   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
   Note 1:    During the year ended 31 December 2022, COSMO is classified as equity investment designated at FVTOCI and is
              measured at fair value at each reporting date. The fair value of the investment as at 31 December 2022 was
              measured using a valuation technique with significant unobservable inputs and hence was classified as Level 3 of the
              fair value hierarchy.


   Note 2:    During the year ended 31 December 2023, equity investment designated at FVTOCI and is measured at fair value at
              each reporting date. The fair value of equity investment as at 31 December 2022 was based on the quoted price of
              consideration and was classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the investment as at 31
              December 2023 was measured using a valuation technique with significant unobservable inputs and hence was
              classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.


   There were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 during the period ended 31 December 2023, except
   for equity investment designated at FVTOCI measured at fair value at each reporting date.

42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade and bills receivables and
   trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.

   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and
   liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and
   they are summarised below.

   Foreign currency risk
   The Group has transactional currency exposures. These exposures mainly arise from sales or
   purchases and borrowings by the Group’s other than the units’ functional currencies.

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary
   liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                              Monetary Assets                     Monetary Liabilities
                                                              31 Dec     31 Dec                    31 Dec      31 Dec
                                                                2023       2022                      2023          2022
                                                              RMB’M      RMB’M                    RMB’M        RMB’M


     USD                                                        20,156            14,358            26,168            24,534
     Japanese yen                                                  472               371               486               508
     HKD                                                           321               578             2,356             2,323
     EUR                                                         5,152             3,924            12,312            14,535
     Other                                                       7,251             6,279             6,885             4,614




                                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023      277
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Foreign currency risk (continued)
            The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
            possible change in USD and EUR exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s
            post-tax profit (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities). There is no
            significant impact on other components of the Group’s equity.


                                                                       2023                            2022
                                                             Increase/      Increase/         Increase/      Increase/
                                                          (decrease) in (decrease) in     (decrease) in (decrease) in
                                                             exchange profit before          exchange     profit before
                                                                 rates            tax             rates             tax
                                                                     %        RMB’M                  %          RMB’M


               If RMB strengthens against USD                         5            286               5             484
               If RMB weakens against USD                            (5)          (286)             (5)           (484)
               If RMB strengthens against the EUR                     5            341               5             505
               If RMB weakens against the EUR                        (5)          (341)             (5)           (505)


            Credit risk
            The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and bills receivables,
            other deposits with limited use, and financial assets included in deposits and other receivables and
            other financial assets represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial
            assets. Substantially all of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits are held in
            major financial institutions, which management believes are of high credit quality and all classified as
            low credit risk from the management’s assessment as at 31 December 2023 and 2022, which is
            mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or
            effort. The Group has policies to control the size of the deposits to be placed with various reputable
            financial institutions according to their market reputation, operating scale and financial background with
            a view to limiting the amount of credit exposure to any single financial institution.

            The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and Haier Affiliates. It is the
            Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification
            procedures. In addition, trade receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s
            exposure to bad debts is not significant. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/
            counterparty. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer
            bases of the Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors.

            The credit risk of the Group’s trade and bills receivables arises from default of the counterparty, with a
            maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts and the Group applies the simplified approach in
            calculating ECLs of its trade and bills receivables.

            Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade and bills
            receivables and other receivables are respectively disclosed in Notes 25 and 26 to consolidated
            financial statements.



278   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
   Interest rate risk
   The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to pledged bank deposits, fixed-rate
   bank borrowings and lease liabilities. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in
   relation to variable-rate bank borrowings. The Group cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated
   on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances and borrowings. The Group aims at keeping
   borrowings at variable rates. The Group manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential
   impact arising from any interest rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The
   management will review the proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are
   within reasonable range.

   Sensitivity analysis
   The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the
   end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at
   the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. The management assessed that if
   the interest rate increases/decreases by 1% (2022: 1%) (reasonably possible change), then the post-
   tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2023 would decrease/increase by RMB227 million (2022:
   RMB200 million). Bank balances are excluded from sensitivity analysis as the management considers
   that the exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising from bank balances is insignificant.

   The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period
   are as follows:


                                                       2023     % of total             2022        % of total
                                                     RMB’M          loans           RMB’M               loans
                                                                                  (Restated)       (Restated)


    Variable rate borrowings                          26,747           94%            24,067              92%
    Fixed rate borrowings                              1,649            6%             2,074               8%


                                                      28,396          100%            26,141            100%




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   279
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Liquidity risk
            In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
            equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
            effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank
            borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

            The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2023, the
            Group has available unutilised overdraft and short-term bank loan facilities of RMB101,493 million
            (2022: RMB103,803 million) in total. Details of which are set out in Note 31.

            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and
            derivative instruments. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
            financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Specifically,
            bank loans with a repayment on demand clause are included in the earliest time band regardless of the
            probability of the banks choosing to exercise their rights. The maturity dates for other non-derivative
            financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

            31 December 2023


                                                                                                 Total
                                                  No fixed terms     Within       Over   undiscounted       Carrying
                                                   of repayment    one year   one year     cash flows        amount
                                                         RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                       —      69,278         —          69,278         69,278
               Other payables and accruals                27,368         —          —          27,368         27,368
               Interest-bearing borrowings                    —      11,682     18,815         30,497         28,396
               Derivative financial instruments               —         169         —             169            169
               Other non-current liabilities                  —          —         114            114            114
               Lease liabilities                              —       1,141      3,619          4,760          4,327


                                                          27,368     82,270     22,548        132,186        129,652




280   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
   Liquidity risk (continued)
   31 December 2022 (Restated)


                                                                                            Total
                                       No fixed terms     Within        Over        undiscounted         Carrying
                                        of repayment    one year    one year          cash flows         amount
                                              RMB’M      RMB’M       RMB’M                RMB’M           RMB’M


    Trade and bills payables                      —      66,984          —                66,984          66,984
    Other payables and accruals               24,784         —           —                24,784          24,784
    Interest-bearing borrowings                   —      13,280      14,508               27,788          26,141
    Derivative financial instruments              —         105          17                  122             122
    Other non-current liabilities                 —          —           98                   98              98
    Lease liabilities                             —       1,023       3,066                4,089           3,727


                                              24,784     81,392      17,689              123,865         121,856


43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
   The Group sponsors a funded defined benefit plan for qualifying employees of its subsidiaries in the
   United States and Japan. The defined benefit plan is administered by a separate fund that is legally
   separated from the entity. The board of the pension fund is composed of an equal number of
   representatives from both employers and (former) employees. The board of the pension fund is
   required by law and by its articles of association to act in the interest of the fund and of all relevant
   stakeholders in the scheme, i.e. active employees, inactive employees, retirees, employers. The board
   of the pension fund is responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets of the fund.

   The defined benefit plan requires contributions from employees. Contributions are in the following two
   forms; one is based on the number of years of service and the other one is based on a fixed
   percentage of salary of the employees. Employees can also make discretionary contributions to the
   plan.

   The plans expose the Group to actuarial risks such as investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk
   and salary risk.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   281
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            Investment risk           The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a
                                      discount rate determined by reference to high quality corporate bond yields; if the
                                      return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit. Currently the
                                      plan has a relatively balanced investment in equity securities, debt instruments
                                      and real estates. Due to the long-term nature of the plan liabilities, the board of
                                      the pension fund considers it appropriate that a reasonable portion of the plan
                                      assets should be invested in equity securities and in real estate to leverage the
                                      return generated by the fund.

            Interest rate risk        A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this
                                      will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the plan’s debt
                                      investments.

            Longevity risk            The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to
                                      the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants both during and after their
                                      employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will
                                      increase the plan’s liability.

            Salary risk               The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to
                                      the future salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the
                                      plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.


                                                                 2023                                2022
                                                                  Non-                                Non-
                                                      Current   current     Total       Current     current        Total
                                                      RMB’M     RMB’M      RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M        RMB’M


               Defined pension benefit
                 (Note (a))                               33       364         397           36         417          453
               Termination benefits                       —        575         575           —          387          387
               Provision for work-related
                 injury compensation                       —       146         146           —          207          207


               Total                                      33      1,085      1,118           36       1,011        1,047




282   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   Note:


   (a)     Defined pension benefit


           The Group’s major defined benefit plans are in Japan and the United States. The plans are either contributory final salary
           pension plans or contributory career average pay plans or non-contributory guaranteed return defined contribution plans.


           Summary of the (net assets)/net liabilities of the defined pension obligations are as follows:


                                                                                                         2023                2022
                                                                                                       RMB’M                RMB’M


             Haier Asia Co., Ltd. Pension plans                                                             (76)                 (40)
             Roper Corporation pension plans                                                                 80                 124
             Haier U.S. Appliances Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan                                     166                 195
             Haier U.S. Appliances Solutions, Inc. pension plans                                             31                   35


             Total net liabilities of the defined pension obligations in
               United States and Japan                                                                      201                 314
             Others                                                                                         196                 139


                                                                                                            397                 453


           The summary net liabilities of the defined pension obligations in United States and Japan are as follows:


                                                                                                         2023                2022
                                                                                                       RMB’M                RMB’M


             Presents value of defined benefit obligation                                                    572                699
             Fair value of plan assets                                                                      (371)              (385)


                                                                                                            201                 314


   The major amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the movements
   in the net defined pension benefit over the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

   (1)     Haier Asia Co., Ltd pension plan

                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                     RMB’M                RMB’M


             Discount rates                                                                           1.00%                 0.50%
             Compensation increases                                                                   2.00%                 2.00%




                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   283
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (1)    Haier Asia Co., Ltd pension plan (continued)
                   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
                   December 2023 and 2022 were as follows:

                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                  RMB’M              RMB’M


                      As at 1 January                                                 253               279
                      Current service cost                                              7                   8
                      Interest cost                                                     1                   1
                      Actuarial gains                                                 (14)                 (2)
                      Exchange realignment                                            (10)               (16)
                      Benefits paid                                                   (19)               (17)


                      As at 31 December                                               218               253


                   Movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the years ended 31 December 2023 and
                   2022 were as follows:

                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                  RMB’M              RMB’M


                      As at 1 January                                                 293               337
                      Interest income                                                   6                 6
                      Remeasurement losses/(gains):
                      Return on plan assets (excluding amounts
                         included in net interest expense)                              15               (24)
                      Contributions from the employer                                    2                  2
                      Exchange realignment on foreign plans                            (12)              (19)
                      Benefits paid                                                    (10)                (9)


                      As at 31 December                                               294               293




284   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (1)   Haier Asia Co., Ltd pension plan (continued)
         The net assets of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                  2023                  2022
                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M


             As at 1 January                                                         (40)                    (58)
             Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
               profit or loss                                                           2                      3
             Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
               other comprehensive income                                            (29)                    22
             Other reconciling items                                                  (9)                     (7)


             As at 31 December                                                       (76)                    (40)


         The Group operated the pension plan in the Japan. The most recent actuarial valuations of plan
         assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out at 31 December
         2023 by Mr. Tohru Shimada, Fellow of Institute of Actuaries of Japan and Sumitomo Life. The
         present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past
         service cost, were measured using the benefit approach method. As at 31 December 2023, the
         actuarial value represented a funding level of 134.9% (2022: 115.8%) of the pension plan.

         Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligation are
         discount rate and compensation increase. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined
         based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the
         reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.

         •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                12% or increase by 12% (2022: decrease by 12% or increase by 12%).

         Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
         obligation has been calculated using the benefit approach method at the end of the reporting
         period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability
         recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   285
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (2)    Roper Corporation pension plan

                                                                                              2023     2022
                                                                                            RMB’M     RMB’M


                      Discount rates                                                         5.18%    5.59%
                      Initial Trend Rate                                                     6.75%    6.50%
                      Ultimate Trend Rate                                                    5.00%    5.00%


                   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
                   December 2023 and 2022 were as follows:

                                                                                              2023     2022
                                                                                            RMB’M     RMB’M


                      As at 1 January                                                          124      129
                      Current service cost                                                       2         7
                      Interest cost                                                              5         4
                      Actuarial losses/(gains)                                                   2       (30)
                      Plan amendment                                                           (47)       10
                      Exchange realignment                                                       2        11
                      Curtailment cost                                                           2        —
                      Benefits paid                                                            (10)       (7)


                      As at 31 December                                                         80      124


                   The net liabilities of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                              2023     2022
                                                                                            RMB’M     RMB’M


                      As at 1 January                                                          124      129
                      Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
                        profit or loss                                                           7       11
                      Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
                        other comprehensive income                                               2       (30)
                      Other reconciling items                                                  (53)       14


                      As at 31 December                                                         80      124




286   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (2)   Roper Corporation pension plan (continued)
         The Group operated the pension plan in the United States and the employee retired after
         attainment of age 60 with 10 years of service eligible to participate the plan and applicable of
         benefit for Medicare. The most recent actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined
         benefit obligation were carried out at 31 December 2023 by John F. Stahl, a Fellow of the
         Society of Actuaries, and Mark A. Adams, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled
         Actuary, of Willis Towers Watson. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the
         related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using the projected unit credit
         cost method.

         Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
         rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
         of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
         assumptions constant.

         •    If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
              5.3% or increase by 6.1% (2022: decrease by 7.9% or increase by 9.2%).

         •    If the initial trend rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would increase
              by 1.7% or decrease by 1.6% (2022: increase by 4.1% or decrease by 3.9%).

         Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
         obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit cost method at the end of the
         reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation
         liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   287
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (3)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan

                                                                                              2023     2022
                                                                                            RMB’M     RMB’M


                      Discount rates                                                         5.19%    5.51%
                      Current Health Care Cost Trend Rate                                    7.00%    7.00%
                      Ultimate Health Care Cost Trend Rate                                   5.00%    5.00%


                   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
                   December 2023 and 2022 were as follows:

                                                                                              2023     2022
                                                                                            RMB’M     RMB’M


                      As at 1 January                                                          195      222
                      Interest cost                                                              9         5
                      Actuarial gains                                                          (22)      (24)
                      Exchange realignment                                                       3        19
                      Benefits paid                                                            (19)      (27)


                      As at 31 December                                                        166      195


                   The net liabilities of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                              2023     2022
                                                                                            RMB’M     RMB’M


                      As at 1 January                                                          195      222
                      Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
                        profit or loss                                                           9         5
                      Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
                        other comprehensive income                                             (22)      (24)
                      Other reconciling items                                                  (16)        (8)


                      As at 31 December                                                        166      195




288   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (3)   Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan (continued)
         The Group operated the pension plan in the United States and the employee retired after
         attainment of age 60 with 10 years of service eligible to participate the plan. The most recent
         actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out at 31
         December 2023 by Jason Wilhite, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled Actuary,
         Justin Dietz, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and a Member of the American Academy of
         Actuaries and John D. Morrison, Jr., a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled
         Actuary, of Willis Towers Watson. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the
         related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using the Projected Unit Credit
         Cost Method.

         Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
         rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
         of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
         assumptions constant.

         •    If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
              5.3% or increase by 6% (2022: decrease by 5.2% or increase by 5.8%).

         •    If the current health care cost trend rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation
              would increase by 3.1% or decrease by 2.9% (2022: increase by 3.5% or decrease by
              3.3%).

         •    If the ultimate health care cost trend rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation
              would increase by 0.1% or decrease by 0.1% (2022: increase by 0.2% or decrease by
              0.2%).

         Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
         obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit cost method at the end of the
         reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation
         liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   289
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (4)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. pension plan

                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                  RMB’M              RMB’M


                      Discount rates                                                5.21%             5.51%


                   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
                   December 2023 and 2022 were as follows:

                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                  RMB’M              RMB’M


                      As at 1 January                                                 127               166
                      Current service cost                                              2                —
                      Interest cost                                                     6                  4
                      Remeasurement losses/(gains):
                         Return on plan assets (excluding amounts
                           included in net interest expense)                             1               (23)
                      Exchange realignment                                               2                14
                      Benefits paid                                                    (30)              (34)


                      As at 31 December                                               108               127


                   Movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the years ended 31 December 2023 and
                   2022 were as follows:

                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                  RMB’M              RMB’M


                      As at 1 January                                                  92               126
                      Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in
                        net interest income and interest expense)                        4               (11)
                      Contributions from the employer                                   10                 3
                      Exchange realignment                                               1                10
                      Benefits paid                                                    (30)              (36)


                      As at 31 December                                                77                92




290   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




43. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (4)   Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. pension plan (continued)
         The net liabilities of the defined benefit obligations are as follows.

                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


             As at 1 January                                                            35                     40
             Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
               profit or loss                                                             8                      4
             Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
               other comprehensive income                                                (3)                   (12)
             Other reconciling items                                                     (9)                     3


             As at 31 December                                                          31                     35


         The Group operated the pension plan in the United States and the plan allowed employees’
         retirement prior to age 60 who eligible to participate the plan. The most recent actuarial
         valuations of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out
         at 31 December 2023 by Jason Wilhite, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled
         Actuary, and John D. Morrison, Jr., a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled Actuary,
         of Willis Towers Watson. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related
         current service cost and past service cost, were measured using projected unit credit cost
         method. As at 31 December 2023, the actuarial value represented a funding level of 71.3%
         (2022: 72.5%) of the pension plan.

         Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
         rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
         of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
         assumptions constant.

         •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                4.9% or increase by 5.7% (2022: decrease by 4.5% or increase by 5.1%).

         Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
         obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit cost method at the end of the
         reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation
         liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   291
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      44. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.

      45. COMMITMENTS
            The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


               Contracted, but not provided for:
               Property, plant and equipment                                              3,225                  4,008


      46. PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS
            Pledge of assets
            The Group’s borrowings and bill payables had been secured by the pledge of the Group’s assets and
            the carrying amounts of the respective assets are as follows:

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


               Trade and bills receivables                                                4,391              10,661
               Pledged bank deposits                                                        448                 665




292   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




47. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the year ended are
   as follows:

                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Property, plant and equipment                                                155                    170
    Right-of-use assets                                                            2                      3
    Other intangible assets                                                       39                     45
    Interests in associates                                                    3,012                  3,119
    Investments in subsidiaries                                               52,817                 49,625
    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                    1,619                  1,619
    Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                2,884                  1,034
    Long-term prepayment                                                           3                     —
    Other non-current assets                                                   1,503                   1,307


    Total non-current assets                                                  62,034                 56,922


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Inventories                                                                    5                       9
    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                6,800                   6,795
    Amount due from subsidiaries                                              18,479                   8,509
    Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                1,530                   1,643
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                  7,580                   5,747


    Total current assets                                                      34,394                 22,703


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Trade and bills payables                                                        —                    17
    Other payables and accruals                                                  270                    330
    Amount due to subsidiaries                                                45,908                 32,864
    Contract liabilities                                                          23                     13
    Interest-bearing borrowings                                                  137                     —


    Total current liabilities                                                 46,338                 33,224


    NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                  (11,944)               (10,521)


    TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                     50,090                 46,401




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   293
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      47. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
                                                                                                                        2023                      2022
                                                                                                                      RMB’M                      RMB’M


               NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                             3,780                      2,197
               Deferred income                                                                                            12                          4
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                  420                        421


               Total non-current liabilities                                                                           4,212                      2,622


               Net assets                                                                                             45,878                     43,779


               EQUITY
               Share capital (Note 35)                                                                                 9,438                      9,447
               Reserves (Note)                                                                                        36,440                     34,332


               Total equity                                                                                           45,878                     43,779

            Note: A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                      Capital                              Other
                                                                  Contributed     redemption    Reserve   Retained comprehensive     Treasury         Total
                                                                      surplus         reserve     funds     profits      income         share       reserve
                                                                      RMB’M           RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M         RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M


                      As at 1 January 2022                             25,263            538      2,833      4,470           621       (1,495)       32,230
                      Issue of shares                                     899             —          —          —              —           —             899
                      Issue of shares upon conversion of CB               339             —          —          —             (19)         —             320
                      Transfer to reserve fund                              —             —         576       (576)            —           —              —
                      Total comprehensive income for the year               —             —          —       5,755             —           —           5,755
                      Purchase of treasury share                            —             —          —          —              —       (1,143)        (1,143)
                      Cancellation of treasury share                     (315)            —          —          —              —          330             15
                      Dividend payable                                      —             —          —      (4,320)            —           —          (4,320)
                      Other changes                                        (27)          603         —          —              —           —             576


                      As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023        26,159           1,141     3,409      5,329           602       (2,308)       34,332
                      Transfer to reserve fund                             —               —        828       (828)           —            —             —
                      Total comprehensive income for the year              —               —         —       8,281            29           —          8,310
                      Purchase of treasury share                           —               —         —          —             —        (1,050)       (1,050)
                      Cancellation of treasury share                     (173)             —         —          —             —           182             9
                      Dividend payable                                     —               —         —      (5,298)           —            —         (5,298)
                      Other changes                                       137              —         —          —             —            —            137


                      As at 31 December 2023                           26,123           1,141     4,237      7,484           631       (3,176)       36,440



            The Company’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the fair value of the shares of the
            subsidiaries acquired, over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued.




294   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




48. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
   Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.

49. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   According to the resolution of the 9th meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Directors of the
   Company held on 27 March 2024, the profit for the year is proposed to be distributed on the basis of
   the total number of shares on the record date after deducting the repurchased shares from the
   repurchased account. The Company declared cash dividend of RMB8.04 (including taxes) for every 10
   shares to all shareholders.

   The Company has no other significant event after the reporting period that needs to be disclosed.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023   295
      FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group is set out
      below.

                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                        2023           2022       2021       2020              2019
                                                      RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                  (Restated) (Restated) (Restated)        (Restated)

        RESULTS

        REVENUE                                        261,422      243,550      227,081      209,701       198,006
        Cost of sales                                 (180,719)    (168,960)    (157,528)    (148,867)     (139,393)

        Gross profit                                    80,703       74,590       69,553       60,834        58,613
        Other gains or losses                            3,463        2,913        2,059         3,994         3,324
        Selling and distribution expenses              (40,978)     (38,601)     (36,584)     (33,641)      (33,843)
        Administrative expenses                        (23,152)     (21,696)     (20,265)     (17,924)      (17,165)
        Finance costs                                   (2,111)        (997)        (714)       (1,321)       (1,732)
        Share of profits and losses of
          associates                                     1,787        1,582        1,888        1,620         1,409

        PROFIT BEFORE TAX                              19,712       17,791       15,937       13,562         10,606
        Income tax expenses                            (2,980)       (3,058)      (2,705)      (2,233)        (1,584)

        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                            16,732       14,733       13,232       11,329          9,022

        DISCONTINUED OPERATION
        Profit for the year from discontinued
          operation                                         —             —            —            —         3,313

        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                            16,732       14,733       13,232       11,329         12,335

        Attributable to:
          Owners of the Company                        16,597       14,712       13,079         8,883         8,206
          Non-controlling interests                       135           21          153         2,446         4,129

                                                       16,732       14,733       13,232       11,329         12,335


                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                        2023           2022         2021       2020            2019
                                                      RMB’M         RMB’M        RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M
                                                                  (Restated)   (Restated) (Restated)      (Restated)

        ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND
         NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

        TOTAL ASSETS                                   253,380      236,018      217,741      203,498       187,454
        TOTAL LIABILITIES                             (147,468)    (141,268)    (136,466)    (135,365)     (122,464)
        NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                       (2,398)       (1,291)      (1,290)      (1,295)      (17,103)

                                                      103,514       93,459       79,985       66,838         47,887




296   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2023
