                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             海爾智家股份有限公司
                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

                                                                                             A Shares Stock Code: 600690 D Shares Stock Code: 690D H Shares Stock Code: 6690




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT

                                                                                             2024




                                                                Annual Report 2024

This annual report is printed on environmental friendly paper
                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   1




CONTENTS     2   Corporate Profile

             3   Corporate Information

             5   Letter to Shareholders

            14   Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

            22   Business Review

            65   Financial Review

            81   Corporate Governance Report

           111   Report of the Directors

           153   Independent Auditors’ Report
                 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
           159   Other Comprehensive Income

           161   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

           163   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

           165   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

           168   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

           312   Five-Year Financial Summary
2   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024



    CORPORATE PROFILE



    We are a leader in the global major home appliance
    industry. According to the data from Euromonitor,
    we ranked first in the major home appliance industry
    in the world in terms of retail volume of major home
    appliances for 16 consecutive years. We have a
    global portfolio of home appliance brands consisting
    of Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy,
    Fisher & Paykel and AQUA. Our Haier brand
    refrigeration appliances and laundry appliances also
    ranked first among major home appliance brands in
    the world in terms of retail volume for 17 and 16
    consecutive years respectively. Currently, our
    business covered more than 160 countries and
    regions around the world including China, North
    America, Europe, South Asia and Southeast Asia,
    Australia and New Zealand, Japan, Middle East and
    Africa.

    We are also a global pioneer in providing smart
    home solutions. Leveraging on our full-range home
    appliances products, according to Euromonitor, we
    are one of the first home appliance enterprises in
    the industry to launch smart home solutions,
    supported by the introduction of our cloud based
    platform that offers integrated smart home solutions
    covering various lifestyle scenarios. Centering on our
    interconnected home appliance products, and
    supported by Haier Smart Home App and Haier
    Smart Home Experiential Cloud Platform as well as
    our experience stores and franchised stores, we
    provide smart home solutions suited for various
    lifestyle scenarios for users to satisfy their pursuit
    for a better life.
                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   3

                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                            PRINCIPAL BOARD COMMITTEES
Executive Directors                           Audit Committee
Mr. LI Huagang                                Mr. WONG Hak Kun (Committee Chairman)
 (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)       Ms. SHAO Xinzhi
Mr. GONG Wei                                  Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
                                              Mr. YU Hon To, David
Non-executive Directors                       Mr. WU Qi

Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)
                                              Remuneration and Assessment Committee
Mr. YU Hon To, David
Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                            Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (Committee Chairman)
                                              Mr. LI Huagang
Independent Non-executive Directors           Mr. LI Shipeng

Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
                                              Nomination Committee
Mr. WONG Hak Kun
Mr. LI Shipeng                                Mr. WU Qi (Committee Chairman)
Mr. WU Qi                                     Mr. LI Huagang
                                              Mr. LI Shipeng
SUPERVISORS
                                              Strategy Committee
Mr. LIU Dalin
Mr. YU Miao                                   Mr. LI Huagang (Committee Chairman)
Mr. LIU Yongfei (appointed on 20 June 2024)   Mr. GONG Wei
Ms. MA Yingjie (retired on 20 June 2024)      Mr. LI Shipeng
                                              Mr. WU Qi
BOARD SECRETARY
                                              Environmental, Social and Governance
Ms. LIU Xiaomei
                                              Committee
                                              Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (Committee Chairwoman)
                                              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
                                              Mr. GONG Wei
4   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

    Corporate Information




    COMPANY SECRETARY                                             TELEPHONE NUMBER
    Mr. NG Chi Yin                                                +86 (532) 8893 1670
                                                                  +852 2169 0000
    LEGAL ADVISORS
                                                                  FAX NUMBER
    As to PRC Law
                                                                  +86 (532) 8893 1689
    Zhong Lun Law Firm
                                                                  +852 2169 0880

    As to Hong Kong Law
                                                                  H-SHARES REGISTRAR
    Clifford Chance
                                                                  Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                                  17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    PRINCIPAL BANKER
                                                                  16 Harcourt Road
    China Construction Bank Corporation                           Hong Kong

    AUDITORS                                                      STOCK CODE
    Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP                        The Shanghai Stock Exchange: 600690
    HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited                               The Frankfurt Stock Exchange: 690D
                                                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited: 06690
    FINANCIAL CALENDAR
    Six-month interim period end           :        30 June       WEBSITE
    Financial year end                     :        31 December   http://smart-home.haier.com

    REGISTERED OFFICE AND
    HEADQUARTERS
    Haier Industrial Park
    Laoshan District, Qingdao
    Shandong Province, the PRC

    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    HONG KONG
    Unit 1908, 19/F, Harbour Center
    25 Harbour Road, Wanchai
    Hong Kong
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   5

                                   LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS



Embracing Change, Building Momentum for Growth
In 2024, Haier Smart Home remained committed to “Creating Better Lives for Global Families” and achieved
new heights in revenue and profit through strengthening technological innovation, accelerating digital
transformation, and optimizing global strategic footprint while implementing business model transformation to
lay down a solid foundation for sustainable growth.

Key Performances in 2024
We delivered record-level revenue and net profit.
In 2024, Haier Smart Home’s global revenue reached RMB285.971 billion, representing a year-on-year
increase of 4.3%. Net profit attributable to shareholders grew 12.9% to RMB18.741 billion.

We generated net cash flow from operating activities totalled RMB26.543 billion, 1.4 times our net profit.

We consolidate market leadership in refrigerators, washing machines, and water heaters in China. We have
made considerable progress in premium kitchen appliances, with the Casarte Ultra-realm (致 境) seamless
built-in range hood achieving 400% volume growth in the segment priced above RMB7,000.
6   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

    Letter to Shareholders




    In 2024, we strengthened user engagement by implementing initiatives including digital inventory
    management and marketing, driving improvements in both user experience and operational efficiency. As a
    result, our domestic order response cycle improved by 13%.

    We actively capitalized on opportunities created by trade-in policy in China, to realized 10% overall revenue
    growth and over 30% Casarte growth in the fourth quarter.

    In overseas markets, all market shares continued to grow and investment and
    development in emerging markets accelerated.
    In the U.S., despite sluggish demand and intensifying competition, GE Appliances team focused on product
    leadership, channel partnerships, supply chain upgrades, and new opportunity expansion, to solidifying our
    position as the industry leader. Our innovative products including the Apex oven range, next-generation
    dishwashers with stainless steel tub, and Combo Core heat pump washer-dryer combos — have received
    widespread acclaim. We upgraded our Roper factory to cover full range of kitchen appliances with
    industry-leading manufacturing efficiency. GE Appliances’ HVAC revenue grew by 70% and RV appliances
    achieved double-digit growth. The Company has been recognized as the “Smart Appliance Company of the
    Year” by IoT Breakthrough for eight consecutive years.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   7

                                                                                    Letter to Shareholders




2024 marks the 20th anniversary since we first entered India market and it has been a year of tremendous
achievement as our revenue grew over 30% to USD 1 billion for the first time, the growth was attributable to
local management team’s unwavering commitment to localization strategies. Our high value-added products,
including the powerful 5-star energy-efficiency air conditioners and large-capacity front-load washing
machines, have performed exceptionally well.

The first phase of our eco-park in Egypt commenced operations in May 2024, with production capacity
exceeding 200,000 units.

In the HVAC sector, we continue to achieve technological breakthroughs, strengthen
R&D capabilities, and implement supply chain integration for both residential air
conditioning and smart building businesses, while accelerating international expansion of
water heater business.
We have continuously strengthened R&D investments in residential air conditioners over the past three years,
to renovate our product platforms and models while solidifying our modular technology. Our products now
lead the industry in both performance and consistency: wall-mounted units achieve APF values exceeding
6.3, while standing units surpass 5.2. Defect rate reduced by 11% year-on-year in 2024. With accelerated
8   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

    Letter to Shareholders




    product iteration, new products will comprise over 50% of our offerings in 2025, promising strong market
    performance. We continue to deepen supply chain integration to enhance cost competitiveness, in 2024, our
    joint compressor factory in Zhengzhou reached a production capacity of 2.24 million units, while a total of
    5.3 million units of PCBs were produced in our facilities in Zhengzhou and Chongqing.

    Our Smart Building business achieved revenue growth of 15% in 2024, surpassing the RMB10 billion
    milestone despite downturn in real estate and public building market. This success was driven by our
    long-term investment in core technologies and launch of new product platforms. We maintain market
    leadership in magnetic levitation systems, and our air suspension centrifugal chiller has been recognized for
    its high energy efficiency and included in the “Green Technology Promotion Catalog (2024 Edition)” jointly
    issued by eight government departments led by the National Development and Reform Commission.

    Our Water Heater and Purifier business is rapidly expanding into overseas markets. In December 2024, we
    completed the acquisition of Kwikot, a century-old market-leading water heater manufacturer in South Africa.
    We will enhance its competitiveness through synergies in R&D, procurement, and supply chain operations, to
    accelerate our global expansion in the water heater and purifier market.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   9

                                                                                     Letter to Shareholders




In October 2024, we completed the acquisition of Carrier’s commercial refrigeration business. Through this
acquisition, we will expand into commercial refrigeration including retail refrigeration and cold storage to
locking new growth opportunities. Carrier’s commercial refrigeration business has accumulated extensive
technical expertise and commercial applications in CO2 refrigeration. Following the acquisition, both parties
are actively promoting synergies in global markets, R&D, and platform capabilities, while implementing
organizational restructuring to provide rapid response and customer service, thus establishing a solid
foundation for sustainable development.

Innovate marketing approach to deliver brand value in ways that resonate more with
consumers, revitalize our brand, and strengthen user connections.
We have systematically enhanced content creation, successfully launched IP series including “Haier Initiative
(海 廠 總 動 員)”, which achieved over 2 million mentions in a single month. Meanwhile, we have increased
investment in Leader brand to attract young consumers through distinctive, minimalist designs and upgraded
marketing. As a result, Leader’s retail sales grew by 26% year-on-year in 2024.
10   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Letter to Shareholders




     Our technological innovations have received wide recognition from the industry, leading
     the sector towards smart and sustainable transformation.
     In 2024, our Multi-dimensional (temperature, humidity, oxygen, magnetic) Precision Control Technology
     Innovation and Industrialization for Household Preservation Appliances was honoured with the State Science
     and Technology Progress Award (Second Class), making it the only home preservation technology to receive
     this prestigious award in its 40-year history. To date, our Company has accumulated 17 State Science and
     Technology Progress Awards, making us the most decorated enterprise in the home appliance industry. In
     2024, Haier’s Hefei Refrigerator Interconnected Factory became the world’s first enterprise to receive the
     Industrie 4.0 Award1 for its breakthrough in AI technology integration.




     1     The Industrie 4.0 Award is one of the most prestigious global industry accolades. Organized and assessed by the internationally
           renowned management consultancy ROI-EFESO, this award recognizes organizations that have demonstrated exceptional digital
           transformation achievements in smart factories, smart supply chains, smart services, and smart sustainability.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   11

                                                                                      Letter to Shareholders




We advanced sustainable development strategy by promoting “RenDanHeYi” (人 單 合 一)
management philosophy and strengthening commitment to diversity and inclusion.
In 2024, our Company continued to implement sustainable development strategy, inspiring employee
innovation and fostering diversity and inclusion. We strengthened sustainable risk management to navigate
complexity and volatility in global market. At the same time, we established sustainability divisions in every
region where we operate, fulfilling local social responsibilities and building direct interactions with all
stakeholders.

This year, we launched many energy-efficient and carbon-reducing green products across global markets to
earn wide consumer recognition. Through our efficient energy-saving products and digital smart platforms,
we provided comprehensive energy solutions for homes and buildings to fulfil Haier Smart Home’s
commitment to a greener planet. We also catered for the well-being of elderly users by introducing products
with improved accessibility such as one-touch smart washing machines and gas stoves with automatic
shut-off safety features.

Guided by our “RenDanHeYi” (人 單 合 一) management philosophy, we have created an inclusive workplace
that nurtures diverse, cohesive, and high-performing teams. We believe innovation thrives when diverse
cultures connect and blend. In 2024, we launched a women’s leadership empowerment program and
strengthened the cultivation and development of young creators, technology experts, and globalized talents
to build reserves for the future. We established a Company-wide Cultural Dialogue Platform where staff can
engage in conversations about the work environment, organizational atmosphere, and cultural development,
embodying our “employee-centred” principle to achieve more vibrant and diversified development.
12   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Letter to Shareholders




     In 2024, Haier Smart Home was selected in Forbes’ World’s Best Employers list for the eighth consecutive
     year, while GE Appliances received “The Most Innovative Companies of 2024” award. MSCI upgraded our
     ESG rating to AA level, which serves not only as affirmation but also as encouragement, motivating us to
     continue the path of sustainable development.

     2025: Accelerating Change to Embrace a New Era
     The year 2025 presents an intricate tapestry of challenges and opportunities.

     Geopolitical uncertainties and rising tariff barriers are accelerating the fragmentation of global trade systems,
     triggering cascading effects that are reshaping global supply chains. Meanwhile, the remarkable evolution of
     AI technology continues to drive transformative changes across industries.

     We anticipate a gradual recovery in real estate demand could be brought by interest rate cuts, offering
     promising prospects in the home appliance sector in the US and Europe. In emerging markets, economic
     growth, ongoing urbanization, and favourable demographic advantages are creating fertile ground for
     expansion in the industry.

     Originated from China, Haier Smart Home has devoted our energy and expertise to developing the best
     appliances to satisfy consumers all over the world by implementing global strategy leveraging Chinese
     engineering excellence. China’s sophisticated e-commerce and logistics infrastructures facilitate seamless
     communication between consumers and businesses, bridging gaps and accelerating product iteration. The
     robust supply chain and abundant talent pool are vital for Chinese enterprises to maintain substantial
     investments in innovation and create outstanding experience for users. Furthermore, by leveraging innovative
     technologies including AI, Chinese companies can enhance operational efficiency while optimizing
     organizational structures and processes. I am full of anticipations as Haier Smart Home accelerates our
     global strategy going forward.

     Our overseas markets still hold tremendous potential in both revenue scale and profitability. In 2025, we will
     capitalize on our global R&D platform to accelerate country-specific product innovation and iteration to
     address unique local market needs and improve price index. We will enhance our global logistics and
     marketing platforms as well as deploying end-to-end digitalization by adapting domestic models to local
     markets to drive operational efficiency. We will leverage localized production and the synergies of 131 global
     manufacturing facilities to build a well-balanced and resilient global supply chain, mitigating potential
     geopolitical impacts.

     In the domestic market, accelerated digital transformation of marketing and inventory management will
     enable us to connect with users more directly and swiftly, allowing distributors to operate with lighter assets
     which in turn will help accelerate product turnover, expand market share, and enhance profitability.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   13

                                                                                      Letter to Shareholders




In 2025, Haier Smart Home will fully embrace AI technologies to facilitate the implementation of
comprehensive applications powered by advanced large models across our operations. Building on digital
foundations, we will expand our AI capabilities. Our AI product series will deliver novel experiences to users
with more intelligent, versatile, and personalized natural language interactions. We will leverage AI tools
extensively to achieve more efficient development, targeted marketing, and optimized supply chain, while
empowering every Haier team member to develop their own smart applications.

Direct yet efficient user communication and brand vitality have become critical in the era of fans economy.
Since March 2024, our management team has successively launched social media accounts to share Haier
stories, listen to user needs, and collect user suggestions, thereby strengthening emotional bonds. This
interactive model has injected new vitality into the Haier brand by involving users in product design and
brand creation. In response to suggestions on social media platforms, we launched the Leader triple-drum
washing machine on March 11th, eliminating the need for manual washing and unlocking a “new era for
convenience”. Its Mickey Mouse-inspired design stands out from traditional appliances and went viral on
social media. Within just one week of its release, we have received over 88,000 orders. We will make
greater effort in engaging with young consumers, fully leveraging our advantages in R&D, manufacturing,
quality, and service, while deepening interactions and connections, to provide not only authentic, high-quality
products but also create delightful experiences.

Finally, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for your unwavering support and
trust. We are dedicated to overcoming challenges and creating greater value for shareholders, society, and
users worldwide.




Li Huagang
Chairman

27 March 2025
14   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024



     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     The directors, supervisors and senior management of the Group during the year, and the directors as at the
     reporting date are as follows:

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. LI Huagang (“Mr. LI”), aged 55, has been an Executive Director of the Company since June 2019 and
     the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since April 2019. He has been appointed as the Chairman of the
     Board since 28 June 2022. Mr. Li graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in
     Wuhan, the PRC in July 1991 with a Bachelor’s degree of Economics, and from China Europe International
     Business School in Shanghai, the PRC in January 2014 with a degree of Executive Master of Business
     Administration (EMBA).

     Mr. LI joined Haier in 1991 and served as the sales head of the Marketing and Promotion Division of Haier
     (海 爾 商 流 本 部 銷 售 事 業 部 長) and the general manager of China operations of the Company. From August
     2017 to March 2019, he served as the chief executive officer of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd.
     (hereinafter referred to as “Haier Electronics”, a listed company of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”), stock code: 1169 which was privatized and delisted on 23
     December 2020). Since March 2019, he has been appointed as an executive director of Haier Electronics.
     Mr. LI has extensive experience in the fields of corporate management, marketing, brand operation, and
     global business operation. Mr. LI currently serves as a director of various subsidiaries of the Group.

     Mr. LI vigorously promoted the change of the Company’s marketing channels and Casarte’s high-end brand
     strategy, which led to the increase in revenue of Haier Smart Home’s online and offline business; Mr. LI also
     actively led and implemented Haier Smart Home’s digital transformation strategy, promoting the Company’s
     cost optimization and operational efficiency improvement. In order to meet users’ needs for a better life
     upgrade from home appliances to smart home solutions, Mr. LI led and released the San Yi Niao scenario
     branding strategy to strengthen the construction of the Company’s IoT scenario and enhance the
     Company’s smart home scenario solution capability. In terms of global business operations, Mr. LI is actively
     involved in the management and operation of the Company’s overseas business, with significant operational
     results.

     Mr. LI has been honored with the 2015 China Home Appliance Marketing Leader (2015年中國家電營銷領袖
     人 物), the 2018 Outstanding Contribution Award for the Forty Years of China’s Household Appliance
     Industry Development (2018年 中 國 家 用 電 器 行 業 發 展 四 十 年 傑 出 貢 獻 獎), the 2019 China Top Ten Brand
     Person of the Year (2019中 國 十 大 品 牌 年 度 人 物), and 2021 Taishan Industry Leading Talent.

     Mr. GONG Wei (“Mr. GONG”), aged 50, Vice-president, has been appointed as an Executive Director of the
     Company since 28 June 2022. He has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since January 2010
     and a Vice General Manager of the Company since April 2013. Mr. GONG joined the Group in July 1994,
     and has held various positions, including successively serving as the head of finance of Haier Refrigerator
     Co., Ltd. from July 1994 to August 1999; the financial manager of Haier Northern China Business
     Development Division (海 爾 商 流 華 北 事 業 部) from August 1999 to March 2001; the chief financial officer of
     Haier White Goods Group (海 爾 白 電 集 團) from April 2001 to June 2008. Mr. Gong currently serves as the
     director of various subsidiaries of the Group.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   15

                                                        Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. GONG obtained a degree of Executive Master of Business Administration from the University of
International Business and Economics in Beijing, the PRC in December 2011. Mr. GONG was granted
honorary titles such as “Labour Model of Qingdao City (2012–2014)” in 2015 and “National Outstanding
Accounting Workers (全 國 優 秀 會 計 工 作 者)” in December 2005, and received several awards, including Top
Ten CFOs in China by “New Money” Magazine《 (新理財雜誌》) in April 2012, and 2020 International Finance
Leaders of the Year in China. Mr. GONG was admitted as a fellow of The Chartered Institute of
Management Accountants in March 2020.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (“Ms. SHAO”), aged 54, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company
and Vice Chairman of the Board since 28 June 2022. Ms. SHAO graduated from the University of
International Business and Economics with a degree of Executive Master of Business Administration. She is
currently the vice president and chief financial officer of Haier Group. Ms. SHAO adheres to the goal of
innovation and value-enhancement, empowering the high-quality development of the industry, and
comprehensively builds the group’s financial ecosystem through financial strategy formulation, financial
system construction and operation, asset management, capital operation and other financial full value chain
management. In 2000, Ms. SHAO served as the chief accountant of Haier Air Conditioning Division and the
general manager of the strategy center of Haier Group’s financial management department. In 2007, Ms.
SHAO established the first financial sharing center in the home appliance industry, pioneering the “cloud +
end” financial management innovation model with Chinese characteristics to provide enterprises with
comprehensive financial best solutions, becoming one of the industry benchmarks and winning the first prize
of the National Enterprise Management Modernization Innovation Achievement. In 2019, Ms. SHAO was
appointed as the vice president of Haier Group and the operator of the Big Sharing Empowerment Platform.
In 2020, Ms. SHAO was appointed as vice president and chief financial officer of Haier Group. Ms. SHAO
has been honored as “National Advanced Accounting Worker (全 國 先 進 會 計 工 作 者)”, “Qingdao Top Talent
(青 島 市 拔 尖 人 才)”, “ACCA Outstanding Achievement Award (ACCA卓 越 成 就 獎)” and “IMA Outstanding
Contribution Leader in Management Accounting (IMA管 理 會 計 卓 越 貢 獻 領 袖)” over the years.

Mr. YU Hon To, David (“Mr. YU”), aged 77, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the
Company since 5 March 2021. Mr. YU holds a Bachelor of Social Science degree from The Chinese
University of Hong Kong. Mr. YU is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales
and an Associate Member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is a chartered
accountant with over 40 years’ experience in the fields of auditing, corporate finance (including advisory on
IPO, mergers & acquisitions and financial restructuring), financial investigation and corporate governance. Mr.
YU was formerly a partner of a renowned international accountants firm in Hong Kong with extensive
experience in the corporate finance advisory assignments in Greater China for Hong Kong corporations,
private equity groups and multinationals.

Mr. YU is currently an independent non-executive director of several other companies listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, namely One Media Group Limited (stock code: 426), Playmates Toys Limited (stock
code: 869), China Resources Gas Group Limited (stock code: 1193), Keck Seng Investments (Hong Kong)
Limited (stock code: 184) and MS Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1451). During the past three years,
he was also an independent non-executive director of New Century Asset Management Limited (the
manager of New Century Real Estate Investment Trust) (stock code: 1275), China Renewable Energy
Investment Limited (stock code: 987), Playmates Holdings Limited (stock code: 635), and Media Chinese
International Limited (stock code: 685).
16   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (name that also commonly used is “Mrs. Eva CHENG LI Kam Fun”) (“Ms. Eva LI Kam
     Fun”), aged 72, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company since 5 March 2021. Ms.
     Eva LI Kam Fun graduated from the University of Hong Kong with Bachelor of Arts (Hons) and Master of
     Business Administration degrees. She was conferred with the degree of Doctor of Business Administration,
     honoris causa, from the Hong Kong Metropolitan University in 2014.

     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun also served as an independent non-executive director of Haier Electronics, a subsidiary
     of the Company, since 2013 and till its privatization on December 2020. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun had a
     distinguished career that spanned 34 years with Amway Corporation. When she retired in 2011, she held the
     concurrent positions of Executive Vice President of Amway Corporation and Executive Chairman of Amway
     China Co. Ltd. responsible for Amway Greater China & Southeast Asia Region. Thereafter, she also had
     been the president of Our Hong Kong Foundation from 2015 to 2022.

     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun had also been an independent non-executive director of Nestle S.A., a publicly listed
     company on the SIX Swiss Exchange from 2012 to 2023, an independent non-executive director of Amcor
     Limited (a company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange) from 2014 to 2019, and an independent
     non-executive director of Trinity Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange) (Stock Code: 891) from 2011 to 2020.

     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun’s leadership was well recognised in the business community. She was twice named the
     “World’s 100 Most Powerful Women” by Forbes Magazine in 2008 and 2009. CNBC awarded Ms. Eva LI
     Kam Fun with the “China Talent Management Award” in its 2007 China Business Leaders Awards.

     In the areas of public and social service, Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun is currently a member of Electoral Affairs
     Commission of Hong Kong SAR, a member of Chief Executive’s Policy Unit Expert Group (Social
     Development) of Hong Kong SAR, honorary president, honorary representative and consultant of the All-
     China Women’s Federation, permanent honorary director of The Chinese General Chamber of Commerce,
     court member of the Hong Kong Metropolitan University, and a member of the Xiqu Centre advisory panel of
     West Kowloon Cultural District Authority.

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (“Mr. CHIEN”), aged 71, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
     Company since June 2019. He currently serves as a director of ENN Group Co., Ltd. Mr. CHIEN has over
     15 years of experience in business administration and corporate management. Mr. CHIEN worked for over
     10 years at International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”) group of companies until 2015, achieving
     various senior management roles before his retirement by the end of 2015. In addition to his experience in
     business corporations, Mr. CHIEN has served as a professor of Management Practice and a member of the
     Teaching Steering Committee of the third session of the Executive Education Project at the School of
     Business of Renmin University of China since January 2019.

     Mr. CHIEN received a Bachelor of Science from the Department of Mathematics of Tamkang College of Arts
     and Science (currently known as Tamkang University of Taiwan) in June 1975.
                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   17

                                                           Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. WONG Hak Kun (“Mr. WONG”), aged 68, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
Company since June 2020. He currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Yue Yuen
Industrial Holdings (Limited) (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00551))
since June 2018, an independent non-executive director of Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited (a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00255)) since June 2018, an independent
non-executive director of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange (stock code: 02238) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601238)) since May
2020, and an independent non-executive director of Hangzhou SF Intra-City Industrial Co., Ltd (a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock code: 9699)) since December 2021. During the past three
years, he was also an independent non-executive director of Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company
Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01743)). Mr. WONG has over 36
years of experience in auditing, assurance and management. Mr. WONG worked in Deloitte China from July
1980 to May 2017, during which he was a partner since 1992. Mr. WONG also served as a member of
Deloitte China’s Governance Board from June 2000 to May 2008. Prior to his retirement from Deloitte China
in May 2017, he was Deloitte China’s National Managing Partner of Audit & Assurance.

Mr. WONG received a Bachelor’s degree of social science from the University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong
in November 1980. He is an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA)
since December 1983, an associate of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) since
September 1983, an associate of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in United
Kingdom since April 1984, and an associate of the Chartered Institute Management Accountants (CIMA)
since June 1990.

Mr. LI Shipeng (“Mr. LI”), aged 58, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since
5 March 2021. Mr. LI holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree from University of Science and Technology of
China, and a PhD degree from Lehigh University, USA. Mr. LI has extensive experience in areas such as
Internet of Things technology, and artificial intelligence. Mr. LI is currently a chair scientist at the International
Digital Economy Academy and an executive director of the Low Altitude Economic Branch. He is also the
Director of the Applied Intelligence of Suzhou Industrial Technology Research Institute. Prior to that, he
served as the Chief Researcher and Deputy Dean of Microsoft Research Asia, Chief Technology Officer of
Cogobuy Group, Vice President of iFlytek Group, and the Executive President of Shenzhen Institute of
Artificial Intelligence and Robotics.

Mr. LI is a member of the International Eurasian Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the International
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE fellow). He was listed as one of the world’s top 1,000
computer scientists by Guide2Research and ranked top 20 in Mainland China in 2020. Mr. LI is a renowned
expert in areas such as internet, computer vision, cloud computing, Internet of Things and artificial
intelligence.
18   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. WU Qi (“Mr. WU Qi”), aged 57, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since
     25 June 2021. Mr. WU Qi graduated from Zhejiang University with a Bachelor’s degree majoring in national
     economic management in 1990, thereafter he graduated from Renmin University of China with an on-the-job
     Master’s degree majoring in Money and Banking in 1995 and China Europe International Business School
     with an EMBA in 2002, respectively. He has 25 years of work and management experience in world-class
     management and consulting companies. He served as the vice president (Global) and vice chairman (Greater
     China) of Accenture, and the chairman of Shun Zhe Technology Development Co., Ltd. He was a member
     and the president (Greater China) of Roland Berger’s Global Management Committee, a member of Roland
     Berger’s Global Supervisory Board. He was a senior consultant for Foxconn’s D sub-business group
     strategy and intelligent manufacturing and a consultant of XNode, a famous accelerator for startups, and
     non-executive director of Grinm Advanced Materials Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
     Exchange, stock code: 600206.SH) (resigned in April 2018). He was awarded 2015 Outstanding Talent in
     Jing’an District, Shanghai. Mr. WU Qi’s past experience in consulting industry involves transportation/
     logistics, high-tech manufacturing, tourism, finance, consumer goods, real estate, government departments
     and other industries. His has extensive experience in fields such as development strategy, organizational
     change, sales and brand strategy, corporate innovation, digital transformation and intelligent manufacturing,
     post-merger integration, regional industrial and economic development and upgrading. He is a well-known
     expert in Industry 4.0, transportation and regional planning and development in the PRC. He served as a
     consultant for Hangzhou Bay Development Planning, a member of the Intelligent Manufacturing Expert
     Committee of the Shenzhen Municipal Government, deputy head of the 13th Five-Year Planning Expert
     Committee of Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, vice chairman of China Cold Chain Alliance and other social
     positions.

     SUPERVISORS
     Mr. LIU Dalin (“Mr. LIU”), aged 44, has been the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company
     since 25 June 2021. He graduated from the School of Mechanical Engineering of Jinan University and holds
     master’s degree in business administration from Renmin University of China. He is a senior engineer. Since
     August 2005, he served as a designer of water heater department at Haier Group, an assistant R&D
     engineer, a R&D engineer and a R&D manager of the electric heating department of Haier Group
     successively, among other things. From July 2020 to March 2021, he served as the president of the Board
     of Supervisors of Gooday Supply Chain Technologies Co., Ltd., among other things.

     Ms. MA Yingjie (“Ms. MA”), aged 55, has been a Supervisor of the Company since 25 June 2021. She is
     an assistant officer specialising on society matters. She once served as the secretary of the trade union of
     the Company, the contact person of the customer service department of Qingdao Haier Dishwasher Co.,
     Ltd. Currently, she is the head of Society and Community department of the Company. Ms. MA retired as a
     Supervisor of the Company on 20 June 2024.

     Mr. YU Miao (“Mr. YU”), aged 41, has been an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since
     January 2019. He joined our Company in April 2012 and has since then served as the legal manager of our
     Company, mainly in charge of management of legal affairs.

     Mr. YU obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Law from Jinan University in Jinan, the PRC in July 2005, and a
     Master’s degree of Law in economics law from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in Dalian, the
     PRC in December 2008. Mr. YU passed the PRC bar exam and obtained the PRC lawyer qualification (non-
     practising) certificate in February 2008.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   19

                                                        Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. LIU Yongfe (“Mr. LIU”), aged 38, has been a Supervisor of the Company since 20 June 2024. Mr. LIU
graduated from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics with a Master’s degree in Management in
2011. Mr. LIU joined the Company in July 2011 and has held positions mainly in strategic management. He
has successively served as strategy consultant, strategy planning specialist and strategy planning manager of
the Company, responsible for market research and analysis, participating in formulation of the Company’s
strategic development plans and strategic project management. Mr. LIU has extensive experience in
strategic research and strategic project management. He had participated in and contributed to the
implementation of key strategic projects of the Company such as the listing of its H Shares.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. GONG Wei. See “EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS”.

Mr. XIE Juzhi (“Mr. XIE”), aged 58, Vice-president, graduated from Shandong University of Finance and
Economics in July 1989 with a bachelor’s degree, and joined Haier Group Corporation in the same year. Mr.
XIE has experience in whole-process product management, product-wide services and product-wide
marketing. Mr. XIE had held senior positions in Electrothermal Division and of the East China Marketing and
Promotion Division of the Haier Group Corporation, and served as the Corporate General Manager of the
Customer Services of the Haier Group Corporation since August 2002. Since July 2012, he has been the
Vice President of Haier Group Corporation, and he has been in charge of Haier Group Corporation’s
integration of community sales services in first and second-tier cities, and developing the online and offline
sales of new household products. From December 2015, he has been managing the newly developed
business segments of Haier Group Corporation, including water purification, logistics, Haier home and
Gooday services and has started to concurrently manage the water heater business since 2019. Mr. XIE was
appointed as the chief executive officer and an executive director of Haier Electronics since March 2019.
Since April 2021, he is responsible for supervising the smart living appliances segment. He is currently
responsible for supervising the intelligent industrial platform. Mr. XIE was awarded honorary titles including
the Gold Award of Outstanding Contribution Award of China’s Home Appliance Services Industry (中 國 家 電
服 務 行 業 突 出 貢 獻 獎 金 獎) and Outstanding Entrepreneur of Shandong Province (山 東 省 優 秀 企 業 家).

Mr. LI Pan (“Mr. LI”), aged 48, Vice-president, graduated from Wuhan University in 1997 and obtained the
double degree in economics and international business administration. He joined Haier Group in 1997 and
currently serves as the general manager of the overseas platform of the Company. Mr. LI has held various
positions in Haier Group, including serving as the assistant director of the Asia-Pacific Division, the manager
of the Haier ASEAN Center, the manager of the Overseas Brands Marketing Center, the manager of the
Overseas Strategic Center and the director on the operation of overseas markets. He has held important
positions of the overseas platform of Haier Group since 2004 with extensive frontline management
experience in product planning, brand marketing, market exploration and corporate operation.

Mr. ZHAO Yanfeng (“Mr. ZHAO”), aged 47, Vice-president, graduated from Tianjin Institute of Light Industry
with a bachelor’s degree in mechanical and electrical engineering in 2001 and received a degree of EMBA
from Renmin University of China in 2019. Mr. ZHAO joined Haier Smart Home in 2001 and is currently the
general manager of Haier’s washing business. Since joining Haier Smart Home, Mr. ZHAO has held various
positions such as its regional branch general manager, general manager of domestic market of refrigeration
industry, and general manager of the refrigeration business in China. He possess whole-process
management experience in product planning, research and development, manufacturing and marketing.
20   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. LI Yang (“Mr. LI”), aged 48, Vice-president, graduated from Qingdao University of Science & Technology
     in 1998 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in fine chemical engineering. He obtained a degree of Executive
     Master of Business Administration (EMBA) from Xi’an Jiaotong University in 2022. Mr. LI is a senior engineer.
     He joined Haier Group in 1998 and currently serves as the general manager of the integrated supply chain
     of the Company. Mr. Li Yang has held positions of the Company such as the head of the quality
     department, the manufacturing director, and the general manager of the internet of clothing platform. He has
     served as the general manager of the integrated supply chain of the Company since 2023, and has been
     engaged in management concerning end-to-end process and digital transformation of the integrated supply
     chain of the Company. The ecological platform of the internet of clothing incubated under his leadership was
     awarded the first prize for “Innovation Results in Modern Management of National Light Industry Enterprises”
     (全 國 輕 工 業 企 業 管 理 現 代 化 創 新 成 果) in 2019. The Company was selected as one of the “2023 Intelligent
     Supply Chain Cases” (2023數 智 化 供 應 鏈 案 例) by the Alliance of Industrial Internet, and he received the
     “Most Promising Entrepreneur in Qingdao in 2018” and the “Advanced Individual in Management Innovation
     of National Light Industry Enterprises” and other honors.

     Mr. SONG Yujun (“Mr. SONG”), aged 49, Vice-president, graduated from Shandong University of
     Technology with a bachelor’s degree in equipment engineering and management in 1998 and received a
     degree of EMBA from Tsinghua University in 2015. He joined Haier in 1998 and has served as general
     manager of Haier’s overseas promotion department, director and general manager of Haier Pakistan,
     executive director of Haier India, director of Haier’s South Asia and Southeast Asia oversea region, vice
     president of Haier Home Appliance Industry Group, etc. He has held various important positions in Haier
     Overseas since 1998 and has rich experience in product, manufacturing, R&D, marketing and sales. He has
     been awarded various honors such as Qingdao Model Worker (青 島 市 勞 動 模 範), Qingdao Top Professional
     and Technical Talent (青 島 市 專 業 技 術 拔 尖 人 才), Qingdao High-level Service Talent (青 島 高 層 次 服 務 人 才)
     and other honorary titles. He is currently the general manager of Haier air-conditioning business.

     Mr. GUAN Jiangyong (“Mr. GUAN”), aged 46, Vice-president, graduated from the Northeast Electric Power
     University in 2001 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in management information system. Mr. GUAN joined
     Haier Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the water heater business and the
     internet of water platform of Haier. Mr. GUAN has been engaged in product management in industry and
     trade markets, production and manufacturing, product marketing and industrial pipeline management and
     served as a regional general manager, the market director on the water heater business and the general
     manager of the internet of water platform and the water heater business. He possesses whole-process
     management experience in product manufacturing, marketing, corporate planning management and industrial
     platforms.

     Mr. WU Yong (“Mr. WU”), aged 46, Vice-president, graduated from Tianjin College of Commerce in 2001
     and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in heat supply, ventilation and air-conditioning engineering. He obtained
     the double degree of EMBA from the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University and the
     INSEAD in 2015. Mr. WU joined Haier Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the
     kitchen appliances of the Company. Mr. WU has served as the general manager of the PRC Region on
     manufacturing and production of refrigerators, overseas marketing and the air-conditioning business since
     joining the Group and possesses whole-process management experience in manufacturing, marketing and
     industrial platforms.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   21

                                                       Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. HUANG Xiao Wu (“Mr. HUANG”), aged 47, Vice-president, graduated from the College of Photoelectric
Engineering, Chongqing University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in 1998, and graduated from the
Faculty of Business and Economics of The University of Hong Kong with a master’s degree in business
administration in 2004. Mr. HUANG has extensive work experience in commercial banking, strategic
investment, industrial funds, corporate finance and capital market operation, where he participated in and led
major strategic investment and financing projects involving numerous fields such as marketing channels,
logistics, home appliances and technology industries. Mr. Huang has been appointed as Vice-president of
the Company since 2021, and is responsible for the Company’s affairs on such as investor relations, capital
market, equity financing, strategic investment. He also serves as the director of the ESG Executive Office of
Haier Smart Home. Prior to above, Mr. HUANG served as the deputy general manager of Haier Electronics.
Prior to joining Haier Group, he worked in the Ningbo branch and Shanghai branch of Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China, Investment Banking Division of Guosen Securities, Anglo Chinese Investment
Banking Group (英 高 投 資 銀 行 集 團) and other institutions.

Ms. LIU Xiaomei (“Ms. LIU”), aged 39, appointed as the Board Secretary of the Company since June 2022.
She graduated from the Law School of Minzu University of China with a double bachelor’s degree in law
and literature in 2009, and graduated from the Department of International Law of the China Foreign Affairs
University with a master’s degree in international law in 2011, and is qualified to practice law in China. Ms.
LIU joined the Haier in June 2015 and has been in charge of legal and compliance matters of corporate
governance, capital market, M&A and corporate finance at Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. and the
Company. Prior to joining Haier, Ms. LIU worked for Jingtian & Gongcheng (law firm) in Beijing. Ms. LIU has
had extensive work experience in corporate governance, capital market, industrial fund, and investment and
financing.
22   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024



     BUSINESS REVIEW



     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW
     In 2024, the Company achieved revenue of RMB285.971 billion, representing an increase of 4.3% compared
     to the same period in 2023. The growth in revenue was attributable to:

     (1)   China Market: We actively capitalized on the trade-in policy and leveraged high-end product and brands,
           to realize a double-digit growth in the fourth quarter, with Casarte revenue up by over 30%. We
           strengthened strategic investments in Leader brand, focusing on building brand awareness among
           young consumers to drive strong revenue growth.

     (2)   Overseas Markets: We continuously expanded our market share across all regions, outperforming the
           industry particularly in emerging markets such as Southeast Asia, South Asia, Middle East and Africa,
           where we focused on upgrading product mix and advancing retail transformation.

     (3)   Through external acquisitions and internal transformation, we accelerated the development of our HVAC
           business. Strategic acquisitions of Carrier’s commercial refrigeration business (consolidated in October
           2024) and South Africa’s water heater leader Kwikot (consolidated in December 2024) have enabled us
           to expand our commercial refrigeration business and accelerate the development of water heater and
           purifier businesses in overseas markets. Global smart building grew 15% to over RMB10 billion in
           revenue, supported by continuous investment in core technologies and ongoing product platform
           iterations.

     (4)   We actively seized development opportunities from improvement in living quality and transition to
           low-carbon economy by building a comprehensive product portfolio including tumble dryers,
           dishwashers, water purifiers, home cleaning robots, heat pumps and recycling solutions.

     In 2024, the net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company was RMB18.741 billion, up 12.9%
     from 2023.

     (1)   The Company’s gross profit margin reached 27.2% in 2024, up 0.3 percentage points compared to the
           same period in 2023. Margin improvement in domestic market was driven by lower commodity prices,
           digitalization in procurement, R&D, production and sales coordination, and improved product mix.
           Digitalized procurement and production capacity utilization also contributed to gross margin expansion
           in overseas markets.

     (2)   The selling and distribution expense ratio was 11.7% in 2024, a reduction of 0.2 percentage points
           compared to the same period in 2023, leveraging digitally enhanced efficiency in marketing resource
           allocation, logistics and warehouse operations in China while increased spending in network expansion,
           promotions, and store upgrades causing selling expense to remain flat in the overseas markets.

     (3)   The administrative expense ratio was 8.6% in 2024, an improvement of 0.1 percentage points compared
           to the same period in 2023, driven by streamlined business processes and digitally enhanced
           organizational efficiency.

     In 2024, the Company’s net cash flow from operating activities was RMB26.543 billion, flat year-on-year.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   23

                                                                                            Business Review




PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
I.   Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions
     (1)   Refrigerator business
           In 2024, global refrigerator business achieved revenue of RMB83.556 billion, representing a
           year-on-year growth of 2.0%. The Company maintained global leadership through continuous
           innovation, targeted brand positioning, and efficient localized supply chain deployment. The
           Company focused on advancing technologies including food preservation, built-in applications,
           and AI, to provide users with enhanced experiences and smart food solutions.

           Market Share Performance. According to GfK, the Company maintained domestic market
           leadership as retail revenue share rose 1 percentage point year-on-year to 40.4% online, and
           44.1% offline. According to Euromonitor, our overseas retail volume share was 14%, ranking first
           in 7 countries, among top three in 14 countries, and top five in 20 countries.

           Continuous technological innovation to lead the industry
           The Company continued investing in cutting-edge technologies, focusing on preservation
           technology, integrated home appliance and furnishing design, energy efficiency and AI
           applications to consolidate leadership. Our Multi-dimensional (temperature, humidity, oxygen,
           magnetic) Precision Control Technology Innovation and Industrialization for Household
           Preservation Appliances won the State Science and Technology Progress Award, establishing a
           new technical benchmark in the industry. Our MSA nitrogen-oxygen technology has achieved
           cellular-level freshness as fruits and vegetables could preserve up to 99% of nutrients after 7
           days, while magnetic-controlled cooling and freezing technology could preserve the taste and
           texture of raw meat after 10 days. For home appliance and furnishing integration, our proprietary
           594mm flat built-in technology does not only set industry standard, but also has been widely
           implemented in the Casarte C-label series and Haier high-end products, positioning us at the
           forefront of integrated solutions for luxury living. The Company pioneered products featuring
           precision-controlled variable flow refrigeration, frequency conversion, and new insulation
           technologies that meet the European A-20% energy efficiency standard. The Company also
           actively integrated cutting-edge technologies such as image recognition, voice interaction, and
           human movement detection to create an AI large model specialized in food preservation,
           introduced personalized elderly-friendly and gourmet chef modes, and offered customized
           over-the-air smart scenario upgrades. In 2024, we published the upgrade of IEC 63169 which
           was the industry’s first freshness preservation standard originally drafted by Haier and adopted in
           over 30 countries, the Company also took the lead in publishing the national preservation
           standard GB/T 44494.
24   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
     I.    Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (continued)
           (1)    Refrigerator business (continued)
                  The domestic market
                  “Dual High-End Brand” strategy strengthened market leadership. The Company leveraged both
                  Haier and Casarte brands to maintain industry-leading market share through precise product
                  positioning and innovative marketing approaches. Casarte published Built-in Refrigerator White
                  Paper and Consumer Guide, consolidating leadership with built-in specifications and bottom-
                  mounted refrigeration system after publishing Flat Built-in Refrigerators standard in 2023,
                  contribution to 30% market share in segment priced RMB10,000. The Haier Heyue (和悅) series,
                  featuring innovative light-coloured exteriors, smart interactive lighting, and panoramic illumination
                  design, increased the brand’s high-end market share. Our Mailang (麥 浪) series drove sales of
                  ultra-thin, zero-gap built-in products beyond 300,000 units with soft colour palette, storage
                  segmentation and 594mm built-in technology.

                  The Company strategically launched content marketing campaign and promoted user
                  engagement on social media platforms such as Douyin and Xiaohongshu, successfully elevating
                  Haier Mailang refrigerators to the top position in appliances trending list. Casarte Ultra-realm (致
                  境) refrigerators ranked among the top five in online searches, with brand awareness increasing
                  by 124% year-on-year. Additionally, we strengthen brand influence.by interacting with premium
                  users at Shanghai Haier Refrigerator Urban Experience Centre and high-end brand exhibition at
                  Chengdu SKP.

                  Overseas markets
                  In 2024, the refrigerator business continued to gain momentum in major global markets and
                  steadily expanded our market share.

                  The Company continued to strengthen market leadership in the U.S., Australia, New Zealand,
                  Japan, and Pakistan. In Europe, the Candy brand successfully reshaped its image and enhanced
                  market competitiveness through innovative product series featuring Italian design. In India, our
                  market share increased from 13% to 15% leveraging differentiated high-end product portfolios
                  and localized supply chain. In Vietnam, the Company doubled sales volume in mainstream
                  capacity segment through precise product positioning and channel expansion, elevating our
                  overall market share to second place.

                  In terms of product innovation, the high-end BM refrigerator launched in the U.S. became an
                  instant bestseller, while the Magic Cooling series in Southeast Asia rapidly gained recognition
                  from both distributors and consumers, effectively driving market share growth.

                  The continuous strengthening of supply chain competitiveness provided strong support for the
                  rapid market share growth overseas. Our Southeast Asian factories we significantly improved
                  manufacturing efficiency through product mix and process optimization in Southeast Asia and
                  unlocked potentials in production capacity in South Asia.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   25

                                                                                           Business Review




PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
I.   Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (continued)
     (2)   Kitchen appliance business
           In 2024, our kitchen appliance business remained committed to global smart kitchen appliances
           leader strategy, by driving innovation in product suites, built-in technologies, and smart
           scenario-based solutions, to achieve global revenue of RMB41.184 billion.

           According to GfK, our market shares increased by 1 percentage point online and ranks third with
           0.2 percentage points expansion offline in China. According to Euromonitor International the
           Company’s global market share (by volume) reached 9.4% in 2024.

           The domestic market
           The Company actively integrated leading technologies of GE Appliances, FPA, and Candy to
           successfully overcome challenges such as range hood noise reduction, lifting technology, dry-fire
           protection, and automatic door opening for steam ovens to enhance user experience and
           improve energy efficiency performance. By connecting global technology and module platforms
           we were able to promote the application of advanced technologies and modules in the Chinese
           market, spearheading industry trends. In 2024, Casarte’s Ultra-realm (致 境) range hood, with its
           seamless built-in design, drove a 400% sales volume growth in the segment priced above
           RMB7,000. The Xingyue series, with its outstanding design and performance, successfully
           captured the largest market share in the RMB6,000 price segment.

           We focused on enhancing network capabilities and sales team competencies to support business
           growth. We upgraded 1,000 experience centres, improved the display and sales of Ultra-realm
           (致 境) and Galaxy (银 河) series in store, and reinforced retail capabilities to increase conversion
           ratio.

           The Company improved production efficiency and capacity by establishing automated production
           lines and optimizing global supply chain while reducing production costs by increasing in-house
           production of stove glass, sheet metal, and injection moulding.

           Overseas markets
           Despite weak demand in the U.S., the Company enhanced brand competitiveness and market
           performance. New high-end products launched by GE Appliances continued to gain market
           recognition: the GE oven range with easy-to-clean baking tray won the USA TODAY “2024 KBIS
           Reviewed Awards”; the Café countertop air fryer oven was selected for Oprah’s annual gift list;
           and Profile and Café ovens were named best products of the year by Reviewed.com,
           strengthening our position in the premium market.

           In Australia and New Zealand, FPA and Haier brands delivered outstanding performance. In
           Australia, the two brands’ market share increased by 2 percentage points, propelling us to
           number one. Dishwasher market share grew by 4 percentage points, while kitchen appliances
           increased by 1 percentage point. In New Zealand, our dual brands maintained their top position
           and Haier brand achieved double-digit growth across major retail channels.

           In Europe, the Company successfully entered high-end retail channels including Darty in France
           and ECI in Spain, while expanding into professional kitchen channels in Italy. We also made
           progress in Southeast Asia and South Asia.
26   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
     II.   Household Laundry Management Solutions
           In 2024, our laundry business continued to strengthen technological innovation, product upgrades,
           market expansion, and supply chain optimization. We accelerated the digital inventory and marketing
           transformation to enhance omni-channel retail capabilities in the domestic market while strengthening
           product innovation and channel expansion to achieve stable growth overseas. In 2024, global revenue
           reached RMB63.320 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.0%.

           According to GfK, the Company continued to lead in offline market in China. Online retail share
           reached 37.9%, up 1.1 percentage points year-on-year. According to GfK and data from distribution
           channels, we captured leading market shares in multiple countries including Australia (29.5%), New
           Zealand (41.6%), and Pakistan (35%).

           The Company capitalized on the trends toward large capacity, smart, and integrated washing and
           drying solutions through technological breakthroughs and pioneering products. To address the
           post-washing odour issue in front-load washers, we introduced “Air Navigation Technology,” which
           refreshes the air inside the drum every 2 minutes. To solve the lint clogging problem during drying, we
           implemented AI algorithms and multi-connected PTC heaters that adapt to moisture levels, preventing
           temperature-related damage. The Haier LangJing (朗 境) X11 series washing machine, equipped with
           these innovative technologies, received A-60% VDE certification from the German Association for
           Electrical Engineering, making it one of the most energy-efficient washing machines globally.

           The domestic market
           The Company enhanced operational efficiency and marketing effectiveness through digital inventory
           management and content marketing to improve market responsiveness and user conversion. Through
           multi-brand synergy, we consolidated high-end market share, expanded into both youth and senior
           consumer segments to increase market share. We launched premium washing machines priced above
           RMB10,000 to capture a dominant 80.4% market share. We also introduced products with simplified
           operations and practical functions to meet the needs of elderly consumers.

           The Company improved efficiency and supply chain stability by increasing the in-house production ratio
           of core components and optimizing spatial layout. During the reporting period, we achieved 100%
           in-house manufacturing of twin-tub washing machines in the factory in Chongqing. Through balanced
           production, equipment load optimization, and production-research collaboration, we achieved over 95%
           equipment utilization throughout the year. Additionally, we achieved self-manufacturing of sheet metal
           components through the construction of new factories and resource integration in Sino-German
           Ecopark Phase 2.
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   27

                                                                                              Business Review




PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
II.    Household Laundry Management Solutions (continued)
       Overseas markets
       In the overseas market, we responded to global demand by strengthening product innovation and
       expanding distribution channels while continuously developing our global supply chain to enhance
       agility and competitiveness. In the European market, we launched a heat pump washer-dryer combo
       that reduces energy consumption by 10% compared to the previously most energy-efficient model.
       This product addressed the problem of fabric damage caused by traditional drying methods
       demonstrating our commitment toward high-end smart solutions. In the U.S., we introduced the
       Combo Core washer-dryer, which is 50% more energy-efficient than traditional vented electric dryers
       as it can complete washing and drying in just two hours without the need to transfer clothes. In
       Japan, we established 100 stores, with the sales volume of heat pump washers soared by 128%
       year-on-year. In Latin America, we expanded our fully automatic product line, driving a 35% increase in
       orders across all categories. We also enhanced supply chain agility and competitiveness, with Egyptian
       factory commencing operations in 2024 to serve the Middle East and African regions.

III.   Air Solutions
       During the reporting period, the Company realized sales revenue of RMB49.617 billion, up 7.6%.

       (1)   Home air conditioner business
             In 2024, our home air conditioner business continued to advance R&D and modular technology
             while strengthening supply chain integration, thereby solidifying the foundation for long-term
             development. In the Chinese market, we accelerated business transformation and developed
             comprehensive online retail capabilities. For overseas markets, we strengthened brand
             positioning, expanded product categories, and established franchise networks to achieve steady
             growth.

             We continued to increase R&D investments based on user demand to maintain leadership in
             energy efficiency, health, and smart technologies, thereby building competitiveness in
             whole-house smart air solutions. The Company has developed Positive Cycle Heat Flow
             Defrosting Technology for Heating, which achieves 24-hour heating with indoor temperature
             fluctuations controlled within 0.5ºC, addressing pain points in the Yangtze River region and other
             low-temperature, high-humidity areas where significant temperature fluctuations (5–9ºC) was
             caused by frequent defrosting during winter. We developed core competitiveness in smart air
             ecosystems through AI technology integration, pioneering sound wave human sensing technology
             that allows airflow to follow people without direct blowing at them. We also developed AI
             energy-saving technology that enables air conditioners to operate on just 2 kWh of electricity per
             day, saving up to 46% energy usage.
28   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
     III.   Air Solutions (continued)
            (1)   Home air conditioner business (continued)
                  The domestic market
                  We launched star products such as Haier Smart Airflow (聰 明 風) and Casarte Ultra-realm (致 境)
                  series, the former uses dual-power mechanical arms to control airflow, achieving 270º
                  multi-directional air distribution without blowing directly at people to provide users with
                  comfortable, powerful, and energy-efficient air solutions leveraging AI energy-saving technology
                  based on specialized air database and AI cloud-based model.

                  Challenged by sluggish demand and intensified competition, the Company focused on addressing
                  consumer needs through business innovation, content marketing, and multi-brand initiatives to
                  enhance end-to-end operational efficiency and improve traffic conversion. We pioneered the use
                  of digital inventory in POP stores, facilitating distributors to operate with lighter assets, shortening
                  response lead-time, and accelerating product turnover. We precisely forecasted demand,
                  dynamically adjusted production, and logistics to reduce waste leveraging big data models.

                  We catered to specific user demand through multi-brand coordination. Casarte air conditioner
                  reinforced its All Copper Components and Gentle Breeze Technology to expand its high-end
                  market share. Leader air conditioner focused on Generation Z by creating the popular “Ultra
                  Energy-Saving” series. Through innovative social media marketing, Leader maintained rapid
                  growth while strengthening competitiveness in product lineup, user traffic acquisition, and
                  conversion online.

                  The Company accelerated supply chain integration, increased the in-house production of
                  components, and strengthened cost control and improved global supply stability. Zhengzhou
                  compressor factory commenced production in April 2024 with an annual capacity of 2.24 million
                  units. We also doubled in-house production of PCBs by expanding Zhengzhou facility and
                  establishing a new base in Chongqing.

                  Overseas markets
                  The Company committed to a multi-brand strategy while driving retail transformation, expanding
                  professional channels, and localizing supply chain to enhance competitiveness in overseas
                  markets, thereby achieving sustainable growth with improved profitability.

                  We continued to provide users with smart, health-oriented, and energy-efficient whole-house air
                  solutions, driving product mix upgrades. In India, Haier’s price index exceeded 100 for the first
                  time, and our market share in TOP10 high-end chain stores reached 15.2%, ranking second in
                  the industry.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   29

                                                                                               Business Review




PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
III.   Air Solutions (continued)
       (1)   Home air conditioner business (continued)
             Overseas markets (continued)
             We improved professional capabilities and expanded professional channels to achieve market
             share leadership in Pakistan, Thailand, and Malaysia.

             We continued to enhance localized manufacturing capabilities. Our Indonesia and Bangladesh
             factories have completed their expansion, while the Egypt factory has rapidly improved efficiency
             since commencing operations in March 2024. The second phase project in Thailand has also
             been launched to increase risk resilience.

       (2)   Smart building business
             During the reporting period, global smart building revenue exceeded RMB10 billion, driven by
             continuous investment and breakthroughs in compressors, iterations of MRV platforms, and
             expansion in overseas markets.

             China IoL places us among the top three in the industry as the Company’s domestic and export
             combined market share increased by 1 percentage point to 9.3% in 2024.

             We strengthened in-house R&D and manufacturing of core components, established leadership in
             energy-saving, low-carbon, and smart technologies to solidify foundation for growth. The
             Company’s proprietary centrifugal compressors deliver industry-leading performance and we have
             established in-house development capabilities for core components such as compressors. We
             addressed comfort, energy efficiency, and reliability challenges in MRV units under varying
             application environments by developing compact cascade high-efficiency heat exchange,
             constant-temperature frost suppression, and comfortable humidity control and energy-saving
             technologies which significantly improved product safety and reliability, placing us at forefront of
             the global industry.

             The domestic market
             The continuous upgrade of product lineup has driven rapid revenue growth and improved
             profitability. We launched the new generation Max IoT multi-connected units, achieving
             breakthroughs in four core technologies of high-efficiency heat exchangers, air supply,
             temperature and humidity control, and water-fluorine-electricity separation thermal management
             systems to maximize the capacity of individual module to 48 HP. The product won the only gold
             award in its category at the 2024 China Refrigeration Expo. It has already been applied in several
             projects including Fujian Future Technology Building, Huizhou Smart Industrial Park, and
             Yancheng Robot Industrial Park. The Company owns proprietary property rights of core
             components of air suspension centrifugal chiller and achieved integrated R&D, production, and
             distribution from compressors to complete units. This product line was successfully included in
             the “Green Technology Promotion Catalog (2024 Edition)” issued by the National Development
             and Reform Commission for excellent energy efficiency performance.
30   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
     III.   Air Solutions (continued)
            (2)   Smart building business (continued)
                  The domestic market (continued)
                  The Company focused on network expansion by enhancing distributor operational capabilities and
                  building professional solution systems to achieve growth despite challenging market conditions.
                  We expanded network coverage and quality by enhancing end-to-end user service capabilities
                  and implementing differentiated network management. We helped customers signing multiple
                  projects by building end-to-end service capabilities; while strengthening long-term engagement
                  with strategic customers and hosting industry conferences in collaboration with design institutes
                  to establish market insights and build an open, efficient ecosystem that improves project
                  acquisition. The establishment of the HVAC customer club and a tiered distributor service system
                  enabled us to respond to demand quickly, address complaints promptly, and implement clear
                  promotion and elimination mechanisms to maintain network competitiveness.

                  Overseas markets
                  The Company accelerated development of differentiated products and improved professional
                  channel capabilities to unlock potentials and achieve favourable growth.

                  We optimized product platform design, improved product efficiency and profitability by enhancing
                  energy-efficient, healthy, comfortable, convenient, and smart experience. We secured a contract
                  for a data centre in Malaysa with a winning bid scale of 12,000 refrigeration tons. We utilized the
                  Company’s air-cooled magnetic levitation technology and optimized product structure based on
                  customer requirements, enhanced product performance through integrated cooling system, and
                  reduced maintenance costs with an oil-free structure. In the U.S., we launched ductless products
                  featuring Smart HQ controls and convenient OTA functions, achieving –22 ℉ low-temperature
                  heating, 100% heating capacity at 5ºF, and SEER2 ratings up to 27, all of which have been
                  well-received.

                  In the European market, the Company accelerated business development by expanding District
                  Service Centre. In Southeast Asia, we drove business growth through multi-category
                  combinations and enhanced local professional service capabilities. In the U.S., we expanded
                  professional channels with comprehensive HVAC product solutions to ensure sustainable
                  business development.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   31

                                                                                             Business Review




PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
IV.   Water Heaters & Purifiers
      In 2024, global water heater and purifier revenue reached RMB16.175 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 5.5%, driven by product innovation, business model transformation,
      digitalization, and operational efficiency improvements in the domestic market and strategic acquisition
      overseas.

      According to Gfk, the Company’s offline retail share was 45.2%, up 1.3 percentage points
      year-on-year; online retail share was 40.3%, up 1.1 percentage points year-on-year in China.

      The Company achieved continuous breakthroughs in temperature control, mineral health,
      energy efficient as well as noise control technologies, and launched multiple star products.

      Haier’s “Peach Blossom Water” (桃 花 水) series of electric water heaters has won widespread acclaim
      from users for its excellent skin-nourishing effects and comfortable, constant-temperature bathing
      experience. The “Butterfly Dance” (蝶 舞) series of gas water heaters provide stable and quiet hot
      water with high efficiency and energy-saving advantages. The “Fresh Water” (鮮 活 水) purifier series
      ensures users enjoy fresh, pure drinking water through advanced filtration technology, with annual sales
      reaching 100,000 units, making it a mainstream market choice.

      The domestic market
      The Company fuelled business growth by aligning with industry trends and evolving demands through
      content marketing, distribution channel reform, and improving operational efficiency. By collaborating
      across the value chain, we highlighted products in everyday language and relatable formats. Through
      in-depth exploration of user needs and market trends, we successfully created popular water heater
      series such as “Peach Blossom Water” and “Butterfly Dance”, and the “Fresh Water” purifier series,
      establishing high-quality and influential IPs and content.

      Haier water heater and purifier streamlined SKUs, focused on popular products, eliminated ineffective
      models, and enhanced production efficiency. By optimizing product lines and concentrating resources
      on developing bestsellers, we increased individual model output by 5% and optimized costs.

      Overseas markets
      The Company strengthened product innovation and localized professional capabilities while entering key
      growth markets through acquisitions.

      We strengthened differentiated innovation. In the European market, to meet users’ demands for healthy
      bathing, we launched water heaters with independent skincare certification that transform water from
      cleansing to nourishing. In North America, our heat pump water heaters, featuring advanced heat
      pump technology and high energy efficiency, has meet the new U.S. energy consumption standards
      set for 2029. We also developed electric water heaters with valve structures that precisely control
      water temperature at below 40ºC, meeting the specific bathing needs of users during Ramadan.
32   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
     IV.   Water Heaters & Purifiers (continued)
           Overseas markets (continued)
           During the reporting period, the Company acquired the century-old Kwikot brand which held a 58%
           market share in South Africa. This acquisition accelerated our development in the local and EMEA
           markets, by enhancing global capabilities in professional water heating solutions.

     V.    China Operations: In 2024, the company advanced its retail transformation by
           launching key initiatives such as one inventory and content-driven marketing, while
           enhancing its multi-brand strategy to meet the needs of a diverse consumer base.
           One inventory Initiative
           With content-based e-commerce channels on the rise, distributors seek faster response, greater
           customization, and tighter sales-logistics alignment. The Company built an end-to-end digital platform
           covering order management, operations, warehousing, distribution, and installation. This enabled full-
           network inventory sharing and asset-light operations boosting SKU efficiency. In December 2024, RRS
           Supply Chain Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries were consolidated, forming a unified logistics
           system that fully integrates personnel, systems, and data to accelerate retail model transformation.

           The Casarte Brand
           Casarte enhanced its brand strength through proprietary technology, expanded product suites, and
           digital marketing upgrades. We actively capitalized on the trade-in policy opportunities in Q4 2024, and
           Casarte’s retail revenue increased by 12% for the year of 2024.

           New Ultra-realm (致 境) and Xingyue (星 悅) suites addressed consumers’ demands for design and
           connected living, driving a year-on-year 64.6% surge in suite sales. On Xiaohongshu, Casarte ranked
           No.1 in high-end appliance searches.

           The Leader Brand
           In 2024, the Leader brand focused on the lifestyle scenarios of young consumers. Through product
           innovation and enhanced marketing, we dedicated ourselves to creating personalized spaces and free
           lifestyles for Generation Z, achieving year-on-year increase of 26% in retail sales.

           Focusing on young consumers’ demands for personalized, minimalist, and efficient lifestyles, the
           Company launched Cloud (雲朵) series washing machines with 45-minute efficient wash-and-dry cycles
           and air conditioners with 180º rotating wing. We strengthened our youthful brand positioning by
           launching the “Lifestyle Ambassador” campaign, manifests “Your Life, Your Way”. Additionally, the
           Company deepened partnerships with Douyin and Kuaishou to increase exposure. Our monthly GSV on
           Douyin exceeded RMB100 million, with A3 user1 data base growing by 55%, effectively promoting
           synergies between the brand and our business.




     1     A3 user: users frequently interact with brands online
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   33

                                                                                            Business Review




PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
V.    China Operations: In 2024, the company advanced its retail transformation by
      launching key initiatives such as one inventory and content-driven marketing, while
      enhancing its multi-brand strategy to meet the needs of a diverse consumer base.
      (continued)
      The San Yi Niao Platform
      San Yi Niao focused on the smart home strategy by implementing solutions that integrated smart
      appliances and home furnishing. We enhanced competitiveness through product solutions, outlets
      upgrades, platform improvements, and smart technology advancements. Our integrated cabinet
      solution in partnership with Boloni has strengthened whole-house customization and high-end suite
      product sales. In 2024, San Yi Niao’s suite product sales reached 57% of total, with Casarte
      accounting for 35% and pre-installation products for 40%. Our Smart Home APP concentrated on
      improving user experience, while Smart Home Brain upgraded connectivity and voice interaction.
      HomeGPT helped position our Connoisseur (鑑賞家) PRO suite product series as an industry leader in
      AI applications.

      During the reporting period, we introduced advanced large model tools to San Yi Niao, enhancing
      voice interaction and scenario data-driven capabilities. Through vertical domain training, we made the
      application of AI technology more precise and efficient in household settings. We upgraded the AI
      infrastructure with service-oriented and modular improvements, increasing data processing efficiency
      and enabling data-driven personalized services. We enhanced voice interaction technology to achieve
      multi-intent recognition and more natural, complex conversations. Additionally, we incorporated visual
      recognition technologies such as AI Eye to facilitate identification and monitoring of ingredients and
      environments, along with various scenario applications.

VI.   Overseas Markets
      In 2024, the Company achieved revenue of RMB143.814 billion in overseas markets, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 5.4%.

      During the reporting period, the Company strengthened product innovation and high-end
      transformation by leveraging R&D capabilities, integrating resources and technologies, and gaining user
      insights to deliver industry-leading product solutions. In terms of retail channel transformation, we
      promoted innovations online and offline while enhancing high-end product displays and standardization
      in stores. We also seized new e-commerce opportunities to accelerate global retail transformation. The
      Company increased global brand recognition by sponsoring the Australian Open and French Open. We
      have over 20 million followers across mainstream social media platforms overseas, continuously
      enhancing our brand influence through innovative content.
34   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
     VI.   Overseas Markets (continued)
           1.     North America
                  During the reporting period, the Company recorded sales revenue RMB79.529 billion while
                  solidifying its market leadership in several categories including Range, Refrigerator, Freezer,
                  Clothes Care and Dishwasher.

                  The Company continued to unveil future-proof solutions that embrace sustainability, inclusion, and
                  wellness at home. Through modular design, the company launched new Apex freestanding range
                  in early 2024, expanding its retail sales network and solidifying its market leadership in cooking
                  appliances. Its unique EasyWash™ oven tray design won the Best Slide-In Range Award from
                  TWICE VIP Award. Leveraging innovative Active Smoke Filtration technology, smoking food on
                  kitchen countertop is made possible with GE Profile Smart Indoor Smoker, which received Best
                  Product award at CES 2024; facilitated by major investment in manufacturing base, a new
                  stainless tub Dishwasher line was launched to serve consumers seeking cleaner aesthetic design
                  and enhanced functionality; building on the wild popularity of Opal Nugget Ice Makers, GE Profile
                  Opal 2.0 Ultra features new industry-leading enhancements to reduce maintenance and
                  optimized design to produce more crispy nugget ice; the Company also expanded its industry-
                  leading portfolio of multi-door refrigerators with the launch of two quad door models including
                  CAFÉ™ ENERGY STAR® Smart Quad-Door which was selected as the Best Refrigerator by
                  Reviewed.com; GE Profile UltraFast Combo won the Innovation Award at CES 2024 for utilizing
                  ventless heat pump technology which not only revolutionizes the way to wash and dry a large
                  load of clothes, but also delivers 50% more energy efficient drying. All these innovation
                  achievements helped the Company win The Home Depot Partner of the Year award and rank
                  first in kitchen appliances department at Lowe’s. Meanwhile, the Company continued its leading
                  position in the contact channel by signing up more new builder customers.

                  The Air and Water business realized 70% growth with commercial air conditioners and 10x
                  revenue growth with Unitary AC, driven by the successful launch of comprehensive HVAC
                  solutions. Meanwhile leveraging expertise as a leading cooking manufacturer, the Company
                  created a range line-up with reliable performance and user-friendly controls for the Recreational
                  Vehicle (RV) Industry and realized 24% year-over-year revenue growth. The Company also
                  introduced Bodewell, a personalized appliance care service that sets the industry standard by
                  offering personalized care through its unique factory service network for all appliances,
                  demonstrating our commitment to building relationships, earning trust, and delivering exceptional
                  care.

                  Through collaboration with partners including Savant and Tantalus Systems, the Company
                  launched GE Appliances EcoBalance System, integrating innovative energy-efficient appliances
                  and smart home products, paired with energy demand management, solar panels, energy
                  storage solutions and electric vehicle chargers. The system not only helps reduce strain on
                  electrical grids, but also cuts energy costs for homeowners and reduces carbon emissions.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   35

                                                                                          Business Review




PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
VI.   Overseas Markets (continued)
      1.   North America (continued)
           The Company integrated Google Cloud’s generative AI platform, Vertex AI, into SmartHQ app to
           add new features, including Flavorly AI, which creates personalized recipes and simplifies the
           cooking experience based on consumers’ dietary preferences and existing ingredients in their
           kitchen.

           In January 2024, GE Appliances was named “Smart Appliance Company of the Year” for 7
           consecutive years, and its SmartHQ app received the “IoT Innovation Award — Consumer
           Product of the Year” award at the 8th annual IoT Breakthrough Awards program. Additionally, for
           the 4th time, the Company also secured the “Consumer Cybersecurity Solution of the Year” in
           October 2024.

           The Company’s commitment to inclusion and diversity was also recognized again in March 2024,
           when it received the “Best Places to Work” award third time.

      2.   Europe
           During the reporting period, the Company recorded sales revenue of RMB32.089 billion, up
           12.4% compared with the same period in 2023.

           The growth was driven by committed product and service upgrade including successful launch of
           multi-door refrigerators which contributed to market share reaching 40%, acceleration of New
           Candy initiatives such as Candy Fresco 700 that addresses consumer pain points in capacity,
           energy efficiency and preservation with innovative Panaroma Light, circle fresh air flow and
           Adaptive Humidity Area, was an immediate bestseller with number one in Hitlist in Spain and top
           ten in Italy only three month after launch; the new X series 11 washing machine contributed to
           market share expansion from 0.6% to 8% in unit priced €1,000 and above in Spain. A new line
           of H2O dish washers featuring energy efficiency technologies have been introduced to help Haier
           brand gain 12% market share in premium segment. The mite remover was well received by the
           market with sell-in volume of over 60,000 units. The Company also made efforts to increase the
           number of outlets and implement sellout management system that help market share reach 17%,
           ranking number one in premium segment in Spain. Significant breakthroughs have been made in
           Eastern Europe where premium X series washing machine and I-Proshine dishwashers have been
           introduced in Poland to give a complete makeover to instore displays; strategic partnership
           including 20 premium store-in-stores and 1 concept showroom was formed with the biggest
           distributor ALTEX in Romania and the introduction of three-door and multi-door refrigerators
           contributed to 50% market share and exponential growth in Chez Republic.

           This year the Company renewed strategic partnership with top-tier events including
           Roland-Garros, the Nitto ATP Finals and several ATP tournaments; the Company also became
           the Official Appliance Sponsor of the Davis Cup Finals 2024 Tournament in Malaga, to promote
           premium hospitality experience, brand exposure and fan engagement.

           For the second consecutive year, Haier Europe is honoured as a Top Employer in the UK in
           recognition of its commitment to a better world of work and outstanding people practices.
36   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
     VI.   Overseas Markets (continued)
           3.     South Asia
                  During the period, the South Asian market generated revenue of RMB11.525 billion, representing
                  a year-on-year growth of 21.0%.

                  India
                  The Company led the Indian market with remarkable 30% revenue growth in 2024. This
                  achievement was attributed to the effective implementation of our high-end product strategy
                  including large capacity front-load washing machines which performed particularly well, driving
                  continuous improvement in average selling prices.

                  By combining accurate market insights with strategic product portfolio, we continued to develop
                  bestselling items and optimize our product matrix. Our cross-category lineup of high in demand
                  products includes powerful air conditioners with 5-star energy efficiency and three-door
                  side-by-side refrigerators.

                  We achieved remarkable results in distribution network expansion through successful online and
                  offline strategic implementations. While maintaining rapid growth online, channel coverage
                  increased by 7% by expanding in national chain stores and traditional offline channels to
                  establish strong presence in the entire distribution network in India.

                  Pakistan
                  The Company achieved 20% revenue increase in local currency and strengthened leadership with
                  45% market share. This was accomplished through end-to-end cost reduction, efficiency
                  improvements, and lean management, which drove retail and premium brand transformation to
                  boost high-end market share and price index.

           4.     Australia & New Zealand
                  During the reporting period, the Company recorded sales revenue of RMB6.642 billion, up 8.1%.

                  The Company also gained 2 percentage points market share and rose to number one in
                  Australia partly driven by robust performance of Haier brand with market share gain of 3
                  percentage points in laundry, 2 percentages points in refrigerators, 4 percentage points in dish
                  washers and 5 percentage points in kitchen appliances. The Company continued to lead in New
                  Zealand with double-digit growth from Haier brand, making it the fastest growing company in the
                  local market.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   37

                                                                                            Business Review




PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
VI.   Overseas Markets (continued)
      4.   Australia & New Zealand (continued)
           The Company continued to introduce cutting-edge products across categories including Haier 8
           star energy efficiency refrigerator which was well-received by distributors including TGG and HVN,
           contributing to 8 percentage points market share gain in its specific capacity segment; Gemini
           washer and dryer combo and Hero series, which was Haier’s first unit with retail price over AUD
           $3,000, contributing to 15 percentage points share gain; and Haier’s ultra-thin heat pump dryer
           featuring 7 star energy efficiency performance that help grow market share by 9 percentage
           points. FPA also introduced unparalleled range of kitchen appliances including oven, microwave,
           and steamer. On the operational front, the Company upgraded digital dashboard to optimize
           sell-in & sell through performances, improve data analysis and decision-making process while
           utilizing digital payment management, AI forecast, FPA GPT and warehousing management
           system to maximize order management and create the ultimate experience for both customers
           and consumers. On 25th November, the Company became the official TV and Appliance partner
           of the Australian Open and Summer of Tennis events. The partnership aims to deliver immersive
           fan experiences by integrating advanced technologies in home appliances, including kitchen,
           laundry, and climate control systems, with world-class tennis.

      5.   Southeast Asia
           During the reporting period, revenue from the Southeast Asian market grew 14.8% to RMB6.633
           billion. High-end products accounted for 38% of total volume sold in Malaysia and high-end
           products grew by 20% in volume in Vietnam.

           The Company launched T-door and French door refrigerators, high-end UV COOL VRA air
           conditioners in Malaysia; upgraded from self-cleansing to UV anti-bacteria air conditioners in
           Thailand; introduced UVC Pro and smart Eco air conditioners, large drum front-load washing
           machines, 700mm wide TM refrigerators equipped with magic zoom compartments and
           removable ice box in Vietnam where Aqua air conditioners also grew 40% in volume; and
           launched new series of multi-door refrigerators to create the ultimate food preservation
           experience in Indonesia.

           The Company commenced construction of air conditioner factory in Thailand; assembled smart
           manufacturing lines with lower costs and greater efficiency for refrigerators and washing
           machines in Aqua facilities in Vietnam; upgraded pre-processing and completed press machine
           project in refrigerator factory to increase cost competitiveness while renovated air conditioner
           production line to improve output by 30% in Indonesia.
38   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
     VI.   Overseas Markets (continued)
           6.     Middle East & Africa
                  During the period, revenue from the Middle East and Africa grew 38.2% year-on-year to
                  RMB2.674 billion.

                  The Company drove rapid growth through localized manufacturing, upgraded market operations,
                  and strategic acquisitions. The Company focused on brand and product mix upgrades,
                  promoting the penetration of large diameter washing machines and inverter air conditioners, while
                  improving operations and retail capabilities to enhance brand image and promote mid to
                  high-end products. In Egypt, the Company’s eco-park phase one project commenced production
                  to ramp up manufacturing of air conditioners, washing machines, and televisions thus unlock
                  potentials in local market and neighbouring countries. In Saudi Arabia, the Company addressed
                  distribution system pain points and implemented channel reforms, significantly improving
                  whole-seller incentives and revenue growth. In South Africa, the Company completed the
                  acquisition of Electrolux’s water heater business that held the largest local market share,
                  leveraging Kwikot brand’s distribution channels to promote the development of Haier
                  refrigerators, washing machines, and other white goods throughout South Africa and
                  neighbouring countries.

           7.     Japan
                  During the reporting period, the Company recorded sales revenue of RMB3.426 billion, ranking
                  2nd with 16.5% market share in refrigerator by volume: 1st in freezers with 40.1% and 3rd in
                  washing machine with 17.0%.

                  The Company introduced a collection of innovative products including TX refrigerator series in
                  March with industry-leading full-space preservation utilizing smart temperature and humidity
                  control technologies; the ultimate compact 8kg washing machine with best-in-class performance
                  leveraging PTC drying module, 10kg heat-pump dryer combo led the market with 47.2% share in
                  10kg washers while sales volume of large TX refrigerator doubled. The Company also announced
                  Yuzuru Hanyu as the new brand Ambassador to mark the launch of campaigns across multiple
                  platforms to capture maximum attention during year-end shopping season.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   39

                                                                                           Business Review




PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
VII. Deepening Digital Transformation and Implementing Cost Optimization Initiatives to
     Enhance End-to-End Cost and Expense Competitiveness
    In 2024, the Company focused on operational cost reduction, efficiency improvement, and
    user experience enhancement. We deepened the end-to-end digital transformation of our
    domestic operations to unlock reform dividends. Additionally, we initiated digital
    transformation in overseas regions by implementing our domestic operational model to
    improve operational standards and profitability in overseas markets.
    On the market side, we continuously upgraded our business model to enhance operational capabilities.
    (1) We upgraded our offline channel model by actively leveraging national subsidy opportunities and
    implementing the Smart Home Cloud Store OTO model across more than 20,000 stores, generating
    retail sales of RMB450 million. (2) We advanced full-chain digital marketing to improve our new media
    matrix operations, smart content creation, and lead management capabilities, achieving over 1.4 billion
    new media impressions with a 24.7% lead conversion rate.

    In our service platform, we optimized resource allocation through smart tool applications, enhancing
    service efficiency and user retention. (1) In customer service operations, we established smart
    customer service capabilities by building a knowledge base system, standardizing interaction scenarios,
    and implementing smart interaction solutions. In 2024, the proportion of smart interactions increased
    by 25.52% year-on-year, while smart resolution rates improved by 10.35%. (2) In after-sales services,
    we completed the development of digital capabilities including smart scheduling, continuous online
    availability, and full-chain spare parts digitalization. As a result, user complaints decreased by 33.22%
    year-on-year, and service costs declined by 5.2%.

    In our supply chain platform, we built smart forecasting capabilities to achieve agile response to
    market orders. We connected planning, marketing, manufacturing, procurement, and logistics nodes to
    establish an algorithm-driven smart prediction model and a cloud-based smart analysis operating
    system, which enhanced our order forecasting capabilities. We implemented a system where
    production scheduling information is visible and accessible within T+6 weeks, with automatic inventory
    replenishment and smart review capabilities, which improved our on-demand delivery efficiency. In
    2024, our domestic order response cycle improved by 13%, while the customer funds cycle decreased
    by 7 days.

    We replicated our domestic digitalization framework in overseas markets to enhance regional
    competitiveness and profitability. (1) We established overseas customer experience platforms in
    Thailand, Middle East and Africa, enabling online management of pricing policies and terminal sales. (2)
    We implemented digital systems across 17 overseas factories, improving capabilities in procurement
    strategy, production planning, manufacturing execution, commodity storage, and finished product
    warehouse management. (3) In customer service, by leveraging AI large models, we achieved precise
    guidance and rapid inquiry resolution for customer issues, reducing manual service workload and
    improving customer service staff efficiency, with average conversation duration shortened by 15%.
40   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW (continued)
     VII. Deepening Digital Transformation and Implementing Cost Optimization Initiatives to
          Enhance End-to-End Cost and Expense Competitiveness (continued)
           In 2024, the Company launched the Cost Optimization Project, benchmarking against global leading
           practices to restructure our objectives. We drove implementation through organization-wide
           collaboration, systematically enhancing our cost competitiveness.

           In R&D processes, we optimized the product BOM lifecycle and built dynamic cost monitoring models
           to perform in-depth analysis of component cost structures and drive improvements. We enhanced
           product platform management by eliminating over 1,500 redundant long-tail models and reducing over
           5,000 specialized material codes, strengthening our product cost competitiveness from the source. On
           the procurement side, we increased the openness of our supplier network. By establishing an order
           journey platform, we promoted transparency throughout the entire supplier process from ordering,
           delivery, and warehousing to usage and settlement, thereby improving efficiency and reducing hidden
           costs.

     INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
     DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
     (I)   Industry Overview for 2024
           1.     The domestic market
                  Following the implementation of the national home appliance trade-in policy since August 2024,
                  the industry has gradually recovered from the first half of the year. According to AVC, China’s
                  home appliance retail sales across all categories (excluding 3C products) reached RMB907.1
                  billion in 2024, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.4%.

                  Home Air Conditioning Industry
                  According to AVC, the home air conditioner industry recorded retail volume of 59.78 million units
                  in 2024, a year-on-year decrease of 1.8%, while retail value reached RMB207.1 billion, down
                  2.2% year-on-year. In the first half of the year, industry demand was hampered by rainy weather
                  in southern regions and cautious consumer behaviour. High channel inventory intensified price
                  competition. Beginning in August, national subsidy policies were gradually implemented,
                  effectively stimulating market demand.

                  High-efficiency air conditioners were increasingly favoured by consumers with Annual
                  Performance Factor (APF) becoming a key consideration, driving market share growth.
                  Meanwhile, innovative products such as fresh air conditioners and integrated air conditioning
                  systems continued to emerge, meeting consumers’ pursuit of healthier and more comfortable
                  living environments with product mix upgrade.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   41

                                                                                             Business Review




INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
(I)   Industry Overview for 2024 (continued)
      1.   The domestic market (continued)
           Refrigerator Industry
           In 2024, the refrigerator industry achieved steady growth driven by replacement demand and
           continuous innovation. According to AVC, annual retail volume reached 40.19 million units, a
           year-on-year increase of 4.9%, while retail revenue reached RMB143.4 billion, representing a
           7.6% year-on-year growth.

           Product upgrades primarily focused on built-in solutions, fresh food preservation, and smart
           features to enhance users’ quality of life. Preservation technology emphasized nutrient retention
           and quality food storage, while appearance design incorporated new materials that harmonize
           with home environments, improving both aesthetics and functionality. In 2024, the market
           penetration of flat built-in refrigerators increased with from 7.1% to 20.1% online and from 12%
           to 38.9% offline.

           Laundry Care Industry
           According to AVC, China’s washing machine industry had a retail volume of 42.97 million units in
           2024, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.3%. Retail revenue reached RMB101.4 billion, up
           7.6% year-on-year. Tumble dryers demonstrated strong growth momentum in 2024, with retail
           volume surging 30.6% year-on-year to 2.83 million units, and retail revenue rising 25.7%
           year-on-year to RMB16.2 billion.

           The washing machine product mix continued to improve driven by expanding front-load washing
           machines, whose online retail share rose by 4.8 percentage points to 44.1%, while offline retail
           share increased by 8.2 percentage points to 51.2% in 2024 according to Gfk. Industry trends
           continued to evolve towards larger capacity, multi-functionality, smart, and aesthetic appeal.
           Front-load washer-dryer combos maintained rapid growth, with GfK data showing the market size
           for these combo products increased by 65.1% year-on-year to RMB8.4 billion. Product
           development was accelerating towards ultra-thin, flat built-in designs to achieve better integration
           with home furnishings.
42   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
     DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
     (I)   Industry Overview for 2024 (continued)
           1.     The domestic market (continued)
                  Kitchen Appliance Industry
                  (1)  Range hood and stove industry
                       According to AVC, the overall retail sales of range hoods reached RMB36.2 billion in 2024,
                       representing a year-on-year increase of 14.9%, with retail volume reaching 20.83 million
                       units, up 10.5% year-on-year. The gas stove market achieved retail sales of RMB20.4
                       billion, growing 15.7% year-on-year, with retail volume of 24.29 million units, up 15.2%
                       year-on-year.

                         Product upgrades focused on smart, integrated home appliances with furnishings, and high
                         energy efficiency to meet consumer demands for operational convenience and space
                         utilization. Smart features such as gesture sensing, hood-stove integration, and APP control
                         continued to increase. New product styles including ultra-thin models and 7-shaped hoods
                         were gaining market share. High-power, energy-efficient gas stoves gained popularity, with
                         dry-fire prevention feature becoming a key consideration for consumers.

                  (2)    Dishwasher industry
                         The dishwasher industry continued to experience rapid growth. According to AVC, retail
                         sales reached RMB13.2 billion in 2024, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.2%,
                         while retail volume grew to 2.29 million units, up 18.0% year-on-year.

                         Dishwashers have evolved to offer larger capacities, better kitchen renovation compatibility,
                         and zone washing capabilities to address user pain points such as insufficient capacity and
                         limited kitchen space. These improvements enhanced space utilization and user experience.
                         Fully built-in models have become the most recommended style, with their retail market
                         share rising from 34% to 47% online and from 79% to 81% offline.

                  Water Heater Industry
                  According to AVC, the water heater market in 2024 had retail sales of RMB53.2 billion, a
                  year-on-year increase of 5.3%, with retail volume of 31.45 million units, up 5.1% year-on-year.
                  Electric water heaters generated retail sales of RMB23.6 billion, up 1.3% year-on-year, with a
                  retail volume of 18.02 million units, increasing 2.5% year-on-year. Gas water heaters achieved
                  retail sales of RMB29.6 billion, up 8.8% year-on-year, with a retail volume of 13.43 million units,
                  growing 8.7% year-on-year.
                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   43

                                                                                                                Business Review




INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
(I)   Industry Overview for 2024 (continued)
      1.     The domestic market (continued)
             Water Heater Industry (continued)
             Large capacity and high-power models have become mainstream in electric water heater market,
             with 60L models accounting for over 60% of total. Dual-tank ultra-thin products grew rapidly by
             20% both online and offline, as they align with consumer demands for home aesthetics and
             efficient space utilization. These products are expected to become a future market trend.
             National subsidies significantly boosted demand high-efficiency gas water heaters products, with
             GfK data showing that Level 1 energy efficiency products experienced a 69% increase in retail
             sales in offline markets from September to December in 2024.

             Additionally, water home appliance products1 maintained rapid growth in 2024, driven by trade-in
             policies and home improvement subsidies, with industry retail sales reaching RMB34.6 billion, a
             year-on-year increase of 16.3%, and retail volume reaching 27.9 million units, up 6.2%
             year-on-year.

             Trade-in policy incentives helped offline channels accelerate in growth towards year-end, with
             particularly strong performance from both national and local chain retailors. According to AVC,
             Q4 retail sales skyrocketed by 75.5% year-on-year, with annual retail sales growing by 22.3%
             year-on-year. Online channels showed mixed results, with traditional e-commerce platforms
             posting a 6.9% year-on-year increase in annual retail sales. Content-based e-commerce has
             emerged as a new growth engine through innovative marketing and strong user retention,
             achieving a remarkable 55.5% year-on-year growth in retail sales for 2024.

             Industry leaders leveraged technological, brand, and channel advantages through multi-brand
             portfolio strategies and full-category operations to capitalized on national subsidy opportunities
             and increase market share, resulting in higher concentration among domestic brands. Meanwhile,
             internet-based brands, relying on their ecosystem and traffic advantages, rapidly increased their
             market share online through innovative marketing and entry-level product offerings.




1     Water purifiers, purified water dispensers, water dispensers, water purification equipment
44   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
     DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
     (I)   Industry Overview for 2024 (continued)
           2.     Overseas markets
                  According to Euromonitor, core appliances reached USD 288.2 billion in 2024, up 2.1%
                  year-on-year, while small appliances generated USD 245.1 billion, growing 3.1% year-on-year.
                  Developed markets was challenged by high interest rates and weak consumer confidence, while
                  emerging markets achieved steady growth driven by air conditioners and online channel
                  expansion, despite intensifying competition and rising costs.

                  By market:

                  (1)    The U.S.:
                         Federal Reserve’s interest rate hikes kept mortgage rates elevated, suppressing real estate
                         market and affecting home appliance performance. As competition intensified, appliance
                         manufacturers resorted to price reductions putting pressure on profitability. High inflation led
                         to lower-than-expected rate cut, further dampening consumption of durable goods like
                         home appliances.

                  (2)    Europe:
                         GfK data indicated that European consumers generally planned to reduce discretionary
                         spending in 2024, with overall industry sales volume growing only 1.8% year-on-year. In
                         2024, cumulative online sales volume increased by 7.9% year-on-year, while traditional
                         offline channels declined by 1%.

                  (3)    South Asia:
                         India: Driven by strong air conditioner demand, overall sales volume increased 8.6%
                         year-on-year, with revenue up 10.4% and average prices rising 2%. High-end products
                         gained penetration in first and second-tier cities, while entry-level products remained
                         dominant in third and fourth-tier cities. Online growth was rapid and offline chain stores
                         were actively expanding, putting pressure on traditional channels. Leading companies
                         responded through channel adjustments or cost reductions, while local brands captured
                         market share through aggressive pricing strategies.

                         Pakistan: Sales volume increased 15% year-on-year, with revenue up 16% and average
                         prices rising 2%. High inflation and rapidly rising electricity prices stimulated demand for
                         energy-efficient products, while the share of chain channels continued to increase.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   45

                                                                                            Business Review




INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
(I)    Industry Overview for 2024 (continued)
       2.   Overseas markets (continued)
            (4) Australia & New Zealand:
                 Based on channel estimates in 2024, the overall Australian market decreased 10%
                 year-on-year, with average prices falling 5%. Consumer interest for value-for-money
                 products was on the rise. New Zealand demand remained weak, with white goods import
                 volumes in 2024 flat year-on-year and GDP contracting for two consecutive quarters.
                 Consumer spending continued to tighten due to inflation and high interest rates,
                 compounded by a sluggish real estate market, resulting in persistently weak appliance
                 demand.

            (5)   Southeast Asia:
                  Thailand’s growth primarily relied on the expansion of air conditioners and refrigerators.
                  Vietnam showed increasing demand for washing machines and air conditioners. Malaysia
                  experienced modest growth, while Indonesia remained generally flat with only refrigerators
                  achieving growth. Consumer prefer health-conscious (water purifiers, energy-efficient air
                  conditioners), smart, and value for money products.

            (6)   Japan:
                  The weak currency has driven up costs, while high prices combined with an aging
                  population suppressed overall consumption. According to GfK, white goods including
                  refrigerators, freezers, and washing machines experienced declines in both volume and
                  revenue in 2024: retail volume decreased 0.6% year-on-year, retail revenue fell 1.9%
                  year-on-year, and average unit price dropped 1.3% year-on-year. Demand shifted towards
                  large-capacity and energy-efficient models, with front-load washing machines and
                  variable-frequency refrigerator/washer gaining popularity, while high-end demand remained
                  sluggish under economic pressures.

(II)   Industry Outlook for 2025
       1.   The domestic market
            Currently, China’s home appliance market is characterized by high penetration and a large
            installed base, with replacement purchases becoming the main growth driver. According to GfK,
            by the end of 2023, China’s home appliance ownership exceeded 6.9 billion units; 66% of
            purchases were replacements, while 34% were first-time or additional purchases. The overall
            market is expected to grow in the future as consumers continue to improve quality of life thus
            driving value growth from product upgrades and increasing penetration of categories such as
            dishwashers and tumble dryers.

            The 2025 Government Work Report points out that China will firmly implement strategies to
            expand domestic demand, allocating RMB300 billion in special ultra-long-term bonds to support
            trade-in programs for consumer goods. White goods, with their high value and necessity in
            nature, are likely to continue benefiting from these initiatives. AVC expects the home appliance
            industry to maintain growth in 2025.
46   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
     DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
     (II)   Industry Outlook for 2025 (continued)
            2.    Overseas markets
                  In 2025, global home appliance market will be affected by macroeconomic fluctuations and
                  changes in trade policies, with consumer upgrade trends and structural growth opportunities.
                  Companies need to monitor economic and policy developments and adapt to uncertainties
                  through technological innovation, cost control, and flexible supply chain strategies to capture
                  growth.

                  (1)    North America
                         OECD forecasts US economy to grow 1.9% and the FED expects PCE inflation to be 2.7%
                         in 2025. However, tariffs continue to create uncertainties for business investment and
                         individual incomes, thus creating pressure for home appliance market where consumers still
                         prefer high efficiency and energy saving products. The appliance industry is likely to benefit
                         from rate-cut related property market recovery in the long run.

                  (2)    Europe
                         The European economy continues to be affected by uncertainties from the Russia-Ukraine
                         conflict and energy price fluctuations. However, production costs and retail prices of home
                         appliances are expected to decrease with the gradual declining in natural gas prices. While
                         trade uncertainties put pressure on the euro, EU fiscal expansion and potential increases in
                         defence spending may alleviate some economic pressure. The market is expected to
                         remain focused on sustainable, environmentally friendly and energy-efficient products thus
                         intensifying competition in ESG performance and product innovation.

                  (3)    Emerging Markets
                         Emerging markets show favourable growth prospects. Accelerated urbanization and
                         middle-class expansion in Southeast Asia, South Asia, the Middle East, and Africa will
                         create new market opportunities and interest rate cuts may improve consumer credit
                         environment thus benefiting home appliance consumption.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   47

                                                                                            Business Review




PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD
Founded in 1984, the Company is committed to being an enterprise of its time. Through relentless
innovation and iterations, we seize opportunities in the industry by continuously launching innovative
products that steer market development. After more than 30 years, the Company has become a global
leader in the major home appliance industry, as well as a pioneer in global smart home solutions.

Market Position
•    Global leader of the major home appliance industry: According to data from Euromonitor — an
     authoritative market researcher, the Company ranked first in terms of sales volume in global major
     appliance market for 16 consecutive years. The Company has a global portfolio of brands, including
     Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher & Paykel and AQUA. From 2008 to 2024, Haier
     brand refrigerators and washing machines ranked first among global major home appliance brands in
     sales volume for 17 and 16 consecutive years respectively.

•    Pioneer of global smart home solutions: Capitalizing on our full-range home appliances products,
     the Company is recognised by Euromonitor as one of the first in the industry to introduce smart home
     solutions. San Yi Niao remained committed to the mission of “providing smart home experience for a
     better home”, by enhancing three major capabilities in respect of tailored platforms, delivery platforms
     and Smart Home’s main platform, we have been dedicated to providing customised and specialised
     smart home appliance solutions for users.

Business Layout
Over the years, the Company has established a business layout that includes smart solutions for, amongst
others, food storage and cooking, laundry, air and water, the Overseas Home Appliance and Smart Home
Business, and Other Business.

•    Household food storage and cooking solutions: Through selling products such as refrigerators,
     freezers, kitchen appliances in global market, as well as providing one-stop smart kitchen scenario
     solutions and ecosystem solutions including smart cooking and nutrition planning, the Company fully
     addresses users’ need for convenient, healthy and tasteful gourmet experiences. For example ，by
     upgrading the bottom front cooling technology and optimising the heat preservation system, Casarte’s
     original built-in refrigerator is designed to address problem of fitting home appliance into cabinet
     encountered in home appliances and furnishing integration, enabling a perfect match to the
     international standard cabinet with a depth of 600mm and a width of 800mm/900mm, providing a
     seamless built-in solution.
48   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     Business Layout (continued)
     •     Household laundry management solutions: Haier’s washing machine focuses on applying original
           technologies to directly address users’ pain points in home living scenarios and create new
           experiences and value for users. With a product lineup of washing machines, tumble dryers, all- in-one
           laundry machines, garment care machines, and heated drying racks, the Company has evolved from
           selling individual products to providing scenario-based solutions and offering end-to-end laundry care
           services. For example, the Zhongzihemei (中 子 和 美) 3-in-1 washer combines washing, drying, and
           fabric care functions into a single unit, and the Essence Wash washing machine reduces washing time
           and improves cleaning effectiveness by producing a highly concentrated detergent solution that can
           quickly soak into clothes through detergent pre-mixing and high pressure spraying. In addition, Haier
           Smart Home has developed the first 3D transparent drying technology, which uses sensors to see
           through the outer layer of clothes and directly assess their inner condition. This allows the machine to
           accurately determine the level of dryness and stop drying process instantly once the clothes are dry.

     •     Air solutions (Internet of air):

           Home air-conditioners: Through selling of our products (such as home air-conditioners and fresh air
           systems) to markets worldwide, as well as providing full-cycle solutions that include design, installation
           and services, with products featuring smart system based inter-connectivity, we have, for example,
           formulated all-spaces, all-scenarios intelligent air-conditioning solutions consist of multiple air-
           conditioner and purifier coordination, adaptive air flow, air quality monitoring and air disinfection,
           thereby delivering a healthy and comfortable experience at home and during commuting that caters to
           users’ needs in terms of air temperature, humidity and quality. One notable example is our self-
           cleaning air-conditioners, which use smart sensors and automated water-cleaning technology to run the
           automated cleaning process and ensure cleanliness and health of their interior.

           Smart buildings: The Company is committed to becoming a leader in efficient, sustainable and smart
           building solutions based on China’s “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” strategy. Focusing on
           business segments such as smart control, environment, energy and system integration of buildings, the
           Company provides green and smart building solutions integrating “technology + experience + space”
           for government and public buildings, commercial uses, railways, schools, and hospitals. In areas such
           as magnetic levitation centrifugal chillers, IoT-based multi-split system, and air-to-water heat pump, not
           only have Haier occupied a pivotal market position in China, but also have achieved remarkable
           success globally.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   49

                                                                                            Business Review




PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
Business Layout (continued)
•    Household water solutions (Internet of water): Through providing worldwide users with electric water
     heaters, gas water heaters, solar water heaters, air energy heat pump water heaters, POE water
     purifiers, POU water purifiers, water softening equipment, Haier offers smart water solutions including
     interactions between water heaters and purifiers, and between heating appliances and water heaters,
     so as to comprehensively cater to users’ needs for water purification, softening and heating. One
     example is our water heater with instant hot water. It uses smart hot water circulation technology to
     provide hot water quickly, eliminating the need for users to wait for the water to heat up. In 2024, the
     Company acquired Kwikot, an established water heater brand in South Africa. With its strong market
     reputation and well-established sales channels, the acquisition enables the Company to rapidly expand
     its water heater business in South Africa market, boosting brand awareness and market share. This
     acquisition has further strengthened Haier Smart Home’s business presence in the overseas water
     heater segment.

Global Market Presence
The Company manufactures and sells a comprehensive portfolio of home appliance products and provides
value-added services in more than 200 countries and regions, including North America, Europe, South Asia,
Southeast Asia, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Middle East and Africa.

To overseas markets, the Company has been manufacturing and selling proprietary appliance products
catering for local users’ demands for more than 20 years. During the time, a number of acquisitions
contributed to our growth including acquisitions of Haier Group Corporation’s overseas white goods
business (which included Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd.’s white goods business in Japan and Southeast Asia) in
2015, home appliances of GE in the US in 2016, Fisher & Paykel in 2018, and Candy in 2019.

In 2024, Haier Smart Home added another two brands, namely CCR and Kwikot, under its belt through
mergers and acquisitions. The CCR acquisition has enabled Haier Smart Home to push forward its
comprehensive refrigeration chain strategy and broadened its business reach to the commercial refrigeration
segment, providing strong support for the Company’s development in the European market while further
promoting the development of the commercial refrigeration sector in Asia-Pacific and other regions. The
acquisition of Kwikot, a century-old water heater brand in South Africa, has strengthened Haier Smart
Home’s business presence in the water heater sector and further facilitated the rapid penetration of white
goods business into the South African market.

At present, the overseas business of the Company has entered a stage of healthy growth, having achieved
a multi-brand, cross-product and cross-regional presence on a global basis. According to Euromonitor, the
Company’s market shares (by retail volume) for major home appliances in key regions around the globe in
2024 were as follows: ranked 1st in Asia in terms of retail volume with a market share of 25.9%; ranked 1st
in North America with a market share of 24.5%; ranked 1st in Australia and New Zealand with a market
share of 15.9%; and ranked 3rd in Western Europe with a market share of 8%.
50   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     Other Businesses
     Building on our established smart home businesses, the Company has also developed small home
     appliances, cleaning robots, channel distribution and other businesses. In particular, the small home
     appliance business primarily involves small home appliances designed by the Company, produced by
     outsourced third-party manufacturers and sold under the Company’s brands. It serves to enrich our smart
     home solutions product mix. The channel distribution business primarily offers distribution services for
     products such as televisions and consumer electronics for Haier Group or third-party brands, leveraging the
     Company’s sales network. During the reporting period, the Company succeeded in acquiring CCR, which
     has enabled further expansion of our commercial refrigeration segment, and expedited Haier Smart Home’s
     comprehensive refrigeration chain strategy.

     Honours and Recognitions
     During the reporting period, the Company was once again listed among the Top 500 World’s Companies
     and named again as the 2024 World’s Most Admired Companies by the Fortune Magazine. We are the only
     company being selected in Europe and Asia in the home appliances industry and are the only selected
     company incorporated outside the US. Meanwhile, the Company is also the world’s only Internet-of-Things
     (IoT) ecosystem brand being named again as BrandZtm Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands in 2024.

     At the same time, the Company was named again among Fortune’s China ESG Impact list and Forbes’ The
     World’s Best Employers 2024 list. The Company’s ESG effort has also been recognised by external rating
     agencies, receiving an MSCI ESG rating of AA, which is at leading levels within home appliance sector in
     China. Haier Smart Home was selected into the three major ESG indices of the Hang Seng Index, including
     the HSI ESG Enhanced Index, the HSI ESG Enhanced Select Index and the HSCEI ESG Enhanced Index. In
     addition, the Company also won, amongst others, the “Top 100 ESG Golden Bull Award”, “2024 ESG
     Pioneer 60th Annual Social Responsibility Excellence Award”, “Golden Bull Best Investment Award”, “Golden
     Information Disclosure Award” in 2024, further demonstrating the Company’s influence and leading position
     in the industry.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   51

                                                                                               Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD.
The Company has established a solid strategic presence and competitive advantage in global market. In
China’s major home appliance market, the Company has long maintained a leading position across all
product categories. According to Gfk CMM’s report, the Company has established a continued leading
market position in key major home appliance categories in 2024. In overseas markets, the Company has
adhered to its high-end brand creation strategy. Coupling with the two newly acquired brands, namely CCR
and Kwikot, this has served us well in building capacity to create global sustainable growth and continuously
gaining market share. Building on this foundation and by leveraging on the consolidation and synergy of our
global unified platform, efficiency transformation driven by digitalisation, technological strength and innovative
capabilities, the Company will further consolidate its leading position in the industry. As cornerstone for
sustainable development, our “Rendanheyi (人 單 合 一)” Model also provided management guidance to the
Company and enabled us to replicate successful experiences. It is believed that the following advantages will
help the Company to continue to strengthen its leading position:

(i)   Building up excellent high-end brand operation capabilities and creating a well-
      recognised high-end brand through forward-looking layout and long-term investment
      in the global market to achieve a leading market position.
      To better meet the need of consumers in pursuit of quality life, the Company has started to develop
      the high-end brand Casarte in the Chinese market more than 10 years ago. The creation of high-end
      brands requires not only focus, experience and patience, but also continuous innovation of
      technological standards and differentiated service capabilities to fulfil user demand for high-quality
      experiences. The Casarte brand combined the Company’s global technological strengths, product
      development capabilities and manufacturing craftsmanship, as well as privilege marketing and
      differentiation services, which has won the trust of users in China’s high-end market. According to data
      from CMM, the Casarte brand has assumed a definitive leading position in China’s high-end major
      home appliance market in 2024, ranking first in the retail sales of refrigerator, washing machine and
      air-conditioner categories in the high-end segment. In particular, market shares (in terms of offline retail
      sales) of the Casarte brand of refrigerators, air-conditioners and washing machines reached 49%, 34%
      and 88% respectively in the market with product priced above RMB15,000 in China.
52   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD. (continued)
     (ii)   Providing users with specialised and customised smart household solutions through
            the San Yi Niao brand with cross-household design focusing on scenario-based
            experience to carry out the mission of “providing smart home experience for a
            better home”.
            As users continued to demand for higher living quality, coupled with the development of technologies
            such as Internet of Things and big data, the industry has shown a smart and high- end development
            trend that prioritised product suites, based upon scenarios, and home appliances integrated with home
            furnishings. With leading user insights, extensive product coverage and technological accumulation from
            algorithms, big data models and IoT equipment technology, the Company enhanced its three major
            capabilities in respect of scenario-tailored platforms, delivery platforms and Smart Home’s main
            platform to create a new home appliances sales method with cross-household design focusing on
            scenario-based experience, and develop high-end, package, and front-end sales capabilities.

     (iii) Extensive and solid global presence with localised operational capability
            In respect of overseas markets, the Company seeks overseas expansion of its own brands as well as
            synergies with acquired brands to develop overseas markets. Such business strategy has guided the
            Company to establish R&D, manufacturing and marketing three-in-one structure across multiple brands,
            products and regions, as well as the model of self-development, interconnection and synergised
            operation.

            The Company’s extensive global presence depends on its localised business teams as well as its
            flexible and autonomous management mechanisms established in various overseas markets, which
            have enabled the Company to gain rapid insights and respond swiftly to local user demands. The
            Company also proactively integrates into local markets and cultures and has established a corporate
            image that is recognised by local communities in the overseas regions where the Company operates.

            In 2024, the Company established 10+N innovative ecosystems, 131 manufacturing centres, and 108
            marketing centres around the world, and achieved a coverage of nearly 230,000 points of sales in
            global markets.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   53

                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD. (continued)
(iv) A comprehensive portfolio of proprietary brands recognised by users of all tiers
      Through organic growth and acquisitions, the Company has formed seven brand clusters, including
      Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher & Paykel and AQUA. To address the needs of
      users from different tiers in various markets around the world, the Company has adopted a
      differentiated multi-brand strategy in different regions that centred around users, to achieve an
      extensive and in-depth user coverage. For example, in the Chinese market: the three brands of
      Casarte, Haier and Leader achieved the coverage of high-end, mainstream and niche market groups
      respectively; in the U.S. market, the six major brands such as Monogram, Café, GE Profile, GE, Haier,
      Hotpoint comprehensively covered all segments of high-end, mid-range and low-end markets, thereby
      meeting the preferences and needs of different types of users.

      In 2024, Haier Smart Home added another two brands, namely CCR and Kwikot, under its belt. The
      CCR acquisition has enabled Haier Smart Home to push forward its comprehensive refrigeration chain
      strategy and broadened its business reach to the commercial refrigeration segment, providing strong
      support for the Company’s development in the European market while further promoting the
      development of the commercial refrigeration sector in Asia-Pacific and other regions. The acquisition of
      Kwikot, a century-old water heater brand in South Africa, has strengthened Haier Smart Home’s
      business presence in the water heater sector and further facilitated the rapid penetration of white
      goods business into the South African market.

(v)   Cross-border acquisition and synergy realisation capabilities
      The Company has an excellent track record of acquisition and integration. The Company has acquired
      Haier Group Corporation’s overseas white goods business, including Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd.’s white
      goods businesses in Japan and Southeast Asia in 2015, the home appliance business of General
      Electric in the US in 2016, the New Zealand company Fisher & Paykel (which has been entrusted by
      the Haier Group since 2015) in 2018, and the Italian company Candy in 2019. In addition, the
      Company successfully acquired CCR in 2024, which has expedited the Company’s comprehensive
      refrigeration chain strategy and strengthened the development of its commercial refrigeration segment.
      The acquisition of Kwikot, a century-old water heater brand in South Africa, has expanded the
      Company’s business footprint in the African market and strengthened its market competitiveness in the
      region. Capitalising on the local resources and technological strengths of CCR and Kwikot, Haier
      Smart Home has rapidly increased its brand awareness and market share in the region.
54   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD. (continued)
     (v)   Cross-border acquisition and synergy realisation capabilities (continued)
           The Company’s capability to perform acquisition and integration is reflected in the following: First of all,
           the Company implements the ‘Rendanheyi (人 單 合 一)’ Model in the acquired companies, which is a
           value-added sharing mechanism for the whole-process team under a common goal. Such model can
           motivate the acquired companies and their employees and enable them to generate more value.
           Secondly, the Company made use of its global platform to empower the acquired companies in terms
           of strategic planning, R&D and procurement in order to enhance their competitiveness. Thirdly, the
           Company’s open and inclusive corporate culture can support the acquired companies in establishing a
           flexible and autonomous management mechanism, which can easily earn recognition from the acquired
           companies and is conducive to the promotion of integration.

     (vi) Comprehensive and in-depth global collaborations and empowerment
           The Company has made full use of its global collaborative platform, as well as its integrated functions
           of R&D, product development, procurement, supply chain, sales and brand marketing. It was able to
           share and expand development experience to various markets around the world. By strengthening the
           synergies among its global businesses, the Company has created a strong driving force for its future
           development.

           •      Global product collaboration: Focusing on the needs of overseas users and customers, we
                  leverage global R&D resources to ensure close collaboration across all stages, including user
                  demand analysis, product planning, technical solution design, development testing and trial
                  production, and have launched top-selling products in various regions around the world. For
                  example, the only caravan air-conditioner in North America with a heat pump that operates at
                  temperatures as low as –5 degrees Celsius, the first-ever 8.0 Energy Star refrigerator in the
                  Australian market (which is 40% more energy-efficient than its rivals), a brand-new washing
                  machine platform that meets the needs of both the China-US and Europe-Australia markets, and
                  the global micro-vaporisation and roasting platform that integrates the R&D capabilities of Haier
                  from, among others, China, Italy, New Zealand, America, and Japan. Through global product
                  collaboration, overseas brands such as Haier, Fisher & Paykel, Candy, and GE have significantly
                  expanded their product portfolios.
                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   55

                                                                                        Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD. (continued)
(vi) Comprehensive and in-depth global collaborations and empowerment (continued)
    •   Global capability collaboration: Development of high-caliber young engineers is conducted in
        accordance with the unified training model at both the Qingdao headquarters and GE Appliances
        in the U.S., which has yielded further progress. In Qingdao, young engineers trained through the
        Global Engineer Development Programme (GEDP) are continuously joining industrial R&D teams
        and becoming key players in product development. Meanwhile, driven by digital transformation,
        various global regions are progressively adopting advanced development tools and design
        methodologies from the automotive industry, significantly enhancing development accuracy and
        product quality.

    •   Global design collaboration: An industrial design collaboration system for global top-selling
        products centred on user experience and branding has been established. Through collaboration
        with global designers, design quality has been greatly improved. For example, the headquarters
        design team collaborated with the CANDY design team to complete the creation of Haier’s
        Titanium Series 2/4/6 ovens under the global platform oven, which have been successively
        launched in markets included Europe and Australia. Meanwhile, the headquarters design centre
        supported Candy’s brand transformation and realised Candy’s price index improvement.

    •   Global procurement collaboration: The Company has established a global procurement
        committee to coordinate procurement activities. The committee has built a digital sourcing
        platform that brought together partners across industries and regions to develop an autonomous
        and controlled global supply chain ecosystem. The committee also created a global database of
        preferred suppliers and materials to achieve cost reduction by aggregating resources at the
        Company level. By unifying procurement rules and processes, the Company established a
        standardised operating system with differentiated procurement strategies to enhance efficiency
        while lowering risks. We have also developed a Company- level digital procurement platform to
        enhance shared capabilities through connecting “materials, businesses, people and mechanisms”
        to the platform, thereby improving the resilience of our global supply chain.

    •   Global supply chain collaboration: The Company has built an end-to-end digital management
        system for the global supply chain that spanned from marketing to suppliers to production and
        logistics. Using intelligent algorithms, the system enabled real-time flexible deployment of
        production capacity, and factories across the globe could share and develop smart
        manufacturing technologies to boost competitiveness.
56   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD. (continued)
     (vi) Comprehensive and in-depth global collaborations and empowerment (continued)
           •      Global marketing and brand promotion collaboration: The Company operates a multi- level
                  brand portfolio with collaborative brand promotions. The Company also promotes and introduces
                  successful marketing strategies among regional markets. For example, the Company successfully
                  replicated its sales and marketing model of China’s third and fourth- tier markets to markets
                  such as India, Pakistan, and Thailand, strengthening the company’s brand image and regional
                  market competitiveness.

     (vii) Industry-leading R&D and technological capabilities
           Haier Smart Home delves into technological innovation to expedite the development of innovation-
           driven productivity that aims for high-end, smart and green upgrade. Leveraging on our industry-
           leading and comprehensive R&D presence, we constantly provide global users with home appliances
           that meet their needs and customise their smart and convenient way of living, thus enriching users’ life
           experience as well as cementing our leading position in high-end brands, scenario brands and
           ecosystem brands.

           •      Leadership in original technologies:
                  In 2024, Haier Smart Home launched a refrigerator featuring magnetically controlled frozen-fresh
                  technology that achieves a 98% nutrient retention rate and is the only one in the industry
                  capable of maintaining its fresh flavour and aroma even after 60 days of freezing. Building on its
                  previous-generation MSA oxygen control freshness preservation technology, the upgraded MSA
                  nitrogen-oxygen intelligent control freshness preservation refrigerator boasts a nutrient retention
                  rate of over 99% after 7 days of refrigeration, elevating the industry standard to a “cellular level.”
                  It also pioneered large drum diameter ultra-thin technology to achieve a globally leading fully
                  integrated washing machine design. An air-conditioner equipped with refrigerant directional
                  distribution and dual evaporator coupling with independent control technology increases the
                  room’s comfortable area by 40%. Additionally, the ball-brush style drawer shoe washing machine
                  revolutionises traditional water washing with a cleaning ratio exceeding 1.0, and the household
                  cleaning robot based on the SH-AI algorithm automatically recognises 41 common items across
                  7 categories in home environments with 3mm high-precision linear recognition and obstacle
                  avoidance, leading the industry with innovative products.

           •      Certification from authorities:
                  As of the end of 2024, the Company received a total of 17 State Science and Technology
                  Progress Award, more than any other company in the industry. The Company won the highest
                  accolade of the Disruptive Technology Innovation Competition (Winner Award), and is the only
                  company to have won the highest accolade in the industry for 3 times.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   57

                                                                                          Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD. (continued)
(vii) Industry-leading R&D and technological capabilities (continued)
    •    Leadership in patent quality:
         As of the end of 2024, Haier Smart Home has accumulated more than 112,000 patents
         applications globally, including more than 73,000 invention patents. The Company also
         accumulated 12 state patent gold awards, ranking first in the domestic market. In the ‘Global
         Smart Home Invention Patent Ranking’ in 2024, Haier Smart Home once again topped the list
         with 5,582 published patent applications, ranking 1st in the world for 12 consecutive times.

    •    Leadership in international standards:
         As of the end of 2024, Haier Smart Home has cumulatively led and participated in the drafting of
         110 international standards and 788 state/industrial standards. We are the only company in the
         industry to have participated in smart home standards from international organisations including
         the IEC, ISO, IEEE, OCF and Matter. We are also the only enterprise in the world to serve on
         both the IEC Board and the IEC Market Strategy Board, which have enabled the Company to
         stay actively involved in the formulation of international standards.

    •    Leadership in experience design:
         Haier won over 600 accolades, including international design awards such as the German IF
         Design Award and the Red Dot Design Award. The Company won the most international design
         gold awards in the industry with six in total and won 3 China Excellent Industrial Design Gold
         Awards from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, which is the only enterprise in
         China that have earned three consecutive gold awards.

(viii) Leading logistics and delivery capabilities in the PRC
    Haier RRS Logistics has demonstrated strong competitiveness, particularly in its supply chain
    management solutions, which cover the entire process and various scenarios, as well as a delivery-
    loading synchronised logistics service network. By leveraging its digital operation and management
    capabilities, Haier RRS Logistics has integrated resources such as warehouses, transportation, and
    service outlets. As a result, it has built a nationwide logistics network that extends to villages and
    households, offering services that cover the entire process from procurement and factory
    manufacturing to end consumers. Additionally, Haier RRS Logistics has acquired strong capability in
    provision of customized services, boasting its strength in customising supply chain solutions according
    to individual customer needs, catering to a diverse range of needs of various clients. The Company
    also excels in cross-border supply chain management, addressing client needs in cross-border
    logistics through air, marine, railway, and multi-modal transportation.
58   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD. (continued)
     (ix) Sustainability
           ①      Global ESG governance structure: To advance the implementation of ESG initiatives, Haier
                  Smart Home has further strengthened its organisational structure framework, building on its 3-tier
                  global ESG governance structure (the ESG Committee of the Board of Directors, the ESG Global
                  Executive Office and the Global ESG Executive Working Group). At the executive level, the
                  structure has been expanded to include sub-clusters in areas such as environmental
                  management, sustainable risk management, corporate governance, and supply chain
                  management, providing organisational support for the effective advancement of ESG
                  management.

           ②      Green development and low-carbon operation: Haier Smart Home has formulated the “6 Green”
                  strategy of green management throughout the entire life cycle, which includes “green design,
                  green manufacturing, green marketing, green recycling, green disposal, and green procurement”,
                  and promotes green actions throughout the entire life cycle. Haier Smart Home has integrated
                  low-carbon, recycling, energy saving and emission reduction into its daily operations to promote
                  green upgrading of the industry.

           ③      Social responsibility and charity work: Haier Smart Home actively participates in public welfare
                  projects such as the Hope Project, rural revitalisation, and emergency relief on a global scale,
                  and continues to give back to society through donations and volunteer services.

           ④      Leading ESG rating: Haier Smart Home has the leading rating among its peers in China in respect
                  of the ESG ratings issued by three major organisations, namely CSI, MSCI and Wind. Among
                  which, its MSCI rating has been upgraded to an AA level. This demonstrates its excellent
                  performance in environmental, social responsibility and corporate governance.

     (x)   Staying committed to the principle of ‘value of people comes first’
           “Value of people comes first” has always been a guiding principle for Haier’s development. From the
           autonomous operation team at the start of the venture to the current “Rendanheyi” (人 單 合 一) model,
           Haier encourages every employee to maximise their own values while creating values for users. In
           Haier’s “Rendanheyi” (人 單 合 一) model, “Ren” refers to creators; “Dan” refers to user value; “Heyi”
           refers to the integration of values realised by employees and the values created for users. “Value of
           people comes first” is the highest purpose of the “Rendanheyi” (人 單 合 一) model.

           Haier Smart Home adheres to the values of recognising users’ demand as priority and denying our
           own perceptions and is committed to the “two creative spirits” of entrepreneurship and innovation. We
           turned employees into creators, implementers into entrepreneurs, and transformed enterprises into
           open ecosystem platforms, which have supported the Company to become a global leader of smart
           home in the Internet of Things era.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   59

                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD. (continued)
Company Strategy
Guided by our vision to become a world-class smart living ecosystem enterprise, the Company will enhance
our capabilities in technological innovation, global operations, and digital transformation. We are doing so by
developing proprietary technologies, fostering global collaboration, implementing scenario-based solutions,
and accelerating digitalization. These efforts will reinforce our leadership in the smart home sector, drive
growth in our smart HVAC business, and establish a presence in emerging industries — supporting
sustainable, high-quality development.

•    Smart Home Business:
     We will reinforce our leadership in refrigeration, laundry care, and kitchen appliances. By leveraging our
     comprehensive smart product suites, cutting-edge technology, and Smart Home Brain platform, we will
     continuously elevate the smart living experience across all scenarios.

•    Smart HVAC Business:
     We will evolving from standalone products — such as home air conditioners, water heaters and
     purifiers, central air conditioners, and heat pumps to integrated smart HVAC solutions, rapidly
     enhancing our global competitiveness and industry position. Additionally, we foster synergy between
     our commercial refrigeration and smart building segments to deliver leading-edge cold chain solutions
     for commercial and industrial applications.

•    Emerging Businesses:
     Capitalizing on trends like an aging population and the low-carbon circular economy, we will expand
     into smart healthcare, home service robotics, and recycling sectors. These initiatives are designed to
     offer consumers a more diverse smart and low-carbon lifestyle experience.

Operational Plan for 2025
In 2025, the Company will drive deep transformations in our business models and organizational structures
across domestic and overseas markets. We will enhance our competitiveness in product innovation, digital
inventory management, direct consumer engagement, content marketing, and cost optimization — laying a
solid foundation for sustainable, high-quality growth.
60   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD. (continued)
     Operational Plan for 2025 (continued)
     Refrigerator and Laundry Care Business:
     •    Domestic Market:
          We will expand our omni-channel presence and leverage precise consumer insights to establish leading
          position across all price segments, continuously growing our market share.

     •     Overseas Markets:
           By focusing on high-end brand development and tailoring our strategies to meet the specific needs of
           different countries, we will fine-tune product features, design, and marketing efforts to enhance our
           brand strength and profitability.

     Kitchen Appliance Business:
     •    Domestic Market:
          We will concentrate on smart kitchen solutions featuring built-in product suites and continue to expand
          the Casarte lineup. Key initiatives include accelerating our new media marketing transformation,
          developing end-to-end professional capabilities, and expanding targeted distribution channels.

     •     Overseas Markets:
           We will integrate global product platforms to deliver universally appealing and market-leading offerings.
           By aligning products with regional market needs and leveraging global resources, we aim to drive rapid
           growth across key markets.

     Home Air Conditioners:
     •  Domestic Market:
         We will enhance user experience with a refreshed product lineup and improve the efficiency through
         the one-inventory system. In addition, we will strengthen our professional channels, expand into
         lower-tier markets, and improve our e-commerce performance. Our focus on new media marketing —
         leveraging emerging platforms — will further broaden our brand influence and product awareness.

     •     Overseas Markets:
           Tailored breakthrough strategies will be deployed in each region. Through localized product
           development, the establishment of dedicated marketing teams, and expanded partnerships, we aim to
           scale our growth and capture additional market share.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   61

                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD. (continued)
Operational Plan for 2025 (continued)
Water Heaters and Purifiers:
•   Domestic Market:
    We will accelerate our transformation toward integrated water and HVAC solutions. By leveraging
    proprietary technologies and a broad product portfolio, we will maintain our industry leadership. A
    multi-channel approach — spanning both online and offline — along with refined operations will
    further enhance our competitiveness.

•    Overseas Markets:
     We will continue to build localized capabilities by focusing on local R&D, manufacturing, and sales to
     drive expansion.

Commercial Refrigeration:
We will focus on medium to long-term growth and profitability by strengthening internal collaboration and
advancing our digital capabilities. Key initiatives include:

•    Enhancing end-to-end technical and product coordination with headquarters.

•    Expanding the application of industrial mechanical systems centred on CO2 technology to seize emerging
     market opportunities.

•    Improving the competitiveness of display cases through better energy efficiency, automation, and modular
     design.

•    Redesigning digital processes to create a more agile and high-performing operational framework.

China Region:
We will drive digital transformation across multiple areas to boost our overall competitiveness. Our strategic
priorities include:

•    One-inventory: Establishing an integrated online-offline inventory system with a centralized to C network
     to improve product turnover, warehousing, and distribution efficiency while lowering operational costs.

•    Digital marketing: Establishing a consumer-facing marketing team and developing new strategies to better
     understand and reach customers. Our digital marketing platform will enable real-time performance
     tracking to maximize return on investment.

•    Optimal Smart Home Experience: Focusing on the implementation of the San Yi Niao integrated
     cabinet-appliance solution, we aim to deliver a seamless, intelligent home experience. We will build
     end-to-end capabilities covering everything from consumer needs analysis and solution design to
     installation and after-sales service.
62   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD. (continued)
     Operational Plan for 2025 (continued)
     Overseas Regions:
     We will committed to strengthening our global brand and profitability and entering a new phase of
     transformation:

     •     Leveraging global R&D resources and collaborative systems to enable rapid product iterations and create
           market-leading offerings.

     •     Establishing lean, region-specific operational units under the principle of “lean platforms, localized
           operations, and specialized industry focus”. With centralized support, each region can fully leverage its
           strengths for efficient growth.

     •     Integrating digital tools to restructure our marketing, R&D, and manufacturing processes, building a
           flatter, more agile organization that responds swiftly to market and consumer needs.

     •     Improving supply chain efficiency through network optimization, supplier diversification, and stronger
           cross-functional coordination — ensuring stable raw material supply and timely product manufacturing
           and delivery.

     Potential Risks of the Company
     1.    Risk of Tariff Increases and Retaliation Trade Policies. Potential tariff policies and retaliation trade policies
           implemented and/or to be introduced by the U.S. and other major economies could negatively impact
           the existing supply chains of the industry and the global home appliance players. Higher tariffs would
           incur extra costs for export and import, reduce profit margins, weaken the consumer sentiment and
           demand, and intensify market competition in target markets. The increasing uncertainties regarding
           tariff policies would force home appliance players to reevaluate their supply chain strategies and
           footprints, increase operational complexities and management costs. To cope with the potential tariff
           shocks, the Company will actively leverage our localized supply chain resources in respective markets,
           further optimize supply chain management, enhance production flexibilities, and strengthen regional
           manufacturing and collaboration capabilities.

     2.    Risk of Exchange Rate Fluctuations. In conjunction with the Company’s ongoing expansion of global
           business operations, a material portion of its import/export transactions and cross-border settlements
           are denominated in foreign currencies including but not limited to the US Dollar (USD), Euro (EUR), and
           Japanese Yen (JPY). If the exchange rates of these currencies fluctuate to a certain extent, it will
           impact the Company’s financial performance and potentially increase the financial costs. In addition,
           the Company’s consolidated financial statements are denominated in Renminbi, w h i l e s u b s i d i a r i e s ’
           financial statements are measured and reported in the local currencies where they operate. To mitigate
           these exposures, the Company maintains a structured currency risk management program utilizing
           authorized hedging instruments.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   63

                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD. (continued)
Potential Risks of the Company (continued)
3.   Risk of decreasing market demand due to macroeconomic slowdown. Sales of white goods and home
     appliances exhibits inherent cyclicality tied to discretionary consumer spending patterns and their
     expectations of future disposable income growth. Economic slowdown will reduce consumer spending
     and cause headwinds to industry growth. In addition, the persistent sluggish property market will also
     indirectly affect market demand for home appliances in a negative way.

4.   Risk of price war caused by intensified industry competitions. As industry concentration level continues
     to increase in recent years, the white goods industry is highly competitive with persistent
     commoditization pressures across core product categories. However, the increase in inventory level in
     certain verticals due to demand-supply imbalance may lead to price wars. Furthermore, rapid
     technological development, scarcity of talents in the industry, shortened product life cycles and relative
     easiness of copycat increase the difficulty to maintain margin levels. Nevertheless, new products,
     services and technologies are often associated with higher selling prices. The Company will actively
     invest more in R&D to sustain the product roll-out, attract more users through continuous innovation,
     and maintain our brand awareness.

5.   Risk of fluctuations in raw material prices. The Company’s products and core components use metals
     such as steel, aluminum, and copper, as well as commodities such as plastics and foams. If raw
     material prices continue to increase, it will put certain pressures on the production and operations. In
     addition, the Company relies on third party manufacturers and suppliers for selected raw materials,
     components, and manufacturing equipment. Any disruption in supply chain or significant price
     increases will have a negative impact on the Company’s business. As a leader in the industry, the
     Company will take actions and have contingency plans including volume and price adjustment
     mechanism and hedging to reduce the volatility of raw material prices.

6.   Operational risks in overseas markets. As manifested by the increasing percentage of revenue from
     overseas markets, the Company has developed our global business to a certain extent and established
     production bases, R&D centers, and marketing centers in key regions of the world. Overseas markets
     are subject to political and economic events (including events such as military conflicts and wars),
     different legal systems and regulatory regimes of those countries and regions. Significant changes in
     these factors will pose certain risks to the Company’s local operations. The Company has taken
     various measures to mitigate the relevant impacts, including collaborating with suppliers and
     distributors, improving production efficiency to offset the selling expenses, potentially expanding the
     Company’s supply resources to other countries, and adopting safety measures to protect our
     employees and assets.
64   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD. (continued)
     Potential Risks of the Company (continued)
     7.    Risk of relevant policy changes. The home appliance industry is closely related to the consumer market
           and property market. Changes in macroeconomic policies, consumption and investment policies,
           property policies and relevant laws and regulations will affect the demands from distributors, and in
           turn the sales of the Company. The Company will closely monitor changes in the relevant policies,
           laws, and regulations, and make forecasts of market changes, in order to ensure further development
           of the Company.

     8.    Credit risk. There are possibilities that 1) the Company may be unable to collect all trade receivables
           from its distributors, or 2) distributors are unable to settle the Company’s all trade receivables in a
           timely manner. If that is the case, the Company’s business, financial status, and operation
           performance may be affected negatively. To mitigate this risk, the Company will maintain flexibilities by
           offering credit period of 30 to 90 days to certain distributors based on their credit history and
           transaction amount.

     9.    Inventory risk. Excess inventory might occur as the Company may not accurately predict trends and
           events at all times and maintain optimal inventory levels. Therefore, the Company may be forced to
           offer discounts or promotions to accelerate the slow-moving inventory in these extreme cases. On the
           other hand, inventory shortage may lead to loss of revenues. The Company will actively manage its
           inventory and adjust levels according to market demand movements, in addition to the regular
           impairment tests.

     10.   Capital Expenditure Risk. In the current macroeconomic environment characterized by slowing global
           economy and declining consumer demand, the existing production capacities may overwhelm the
           market in extreme case. This could lead to low utilization rate across the industry, lower down
           profitability and ROEs. The Company will actively manage the changes in the macroeconomic
           environment by forecasting and recalibrating market demand trends, optimizing capacity footprint, and
           improving existing utilization rate, in order to minimize capital expenditure risks.
                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   65

                                                            FINANCIAL REVIEW



In 2024, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB285,971 million, representing an increase of
4.3% from RMB274,198 million (restated) in 2023. The profit for the year attributable to owners of the
Company was RMB18,741 million, representing an increase of 12.9% from RMB16,597 million (restated) in
2023.

1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT
       Items                                              2024                 2023                 Change
                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M                       %
                                                                          (Restated)


       Revenue
       Household Food Storage and
          Cooking Solutions
         — Refrigerator/Freezers                         83,556               81,910                      2.0
         — Kitchen Appliances                            41,184               41,654                     (1.1)
       Air Solutions                                     49,617               46,104                      7.6
       Household Laundry Management
          Solutions                                      63,320                61,492                     3.0
       Household Water Solutions                         16,175                15,336                     5.5
       Other Businesses                                 118,218              110,270                      7.2
       Inter-segment eliminations                       (86,099)              (82,568)                    4.3


       Consolidated revenue                             285,971              274,198                     4.3
       Adjusted operation profit*                        20,437               17,793                    14.9
       Profit for the year attributable to owners of
         the Company                                     18,741               16,597                    12.9
       Earnings per share attributable to ordinary
         equity holders of the Company
        Basic
        — Profit for the year                               2.02                 1.79                   12.8


        Diluted
        — Profit for the year                               2.02                 1.78                   13.5
66   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           The following table summarises the Group’s revenue by geographical location for the periods
           indicated:


                                                                                    2024                     2023                  Change
                                                                                  RMB’M                   RMB’M                        %
                                                                                                        (Restated)


               China                                                             142,157                  137,786                        3.2
               Other countries/regions                                           143,814                  136,412                        5.4


               Total                                                             285,971                  274,198                        4.3

           *       Adjusted operation profit is defined as profit before taxation less interest income and expenses, exchange gains or losses,
                   investment gains or losses, gain on disposal of subsidiaries, government grants and share of profits or losses of associates.


           As at 31 December 2024, the Group had overseas assets of RMB139,690 million, accounting for
           48.2% of the total assets. In 2024, the operating revenue and operating profit of the Group’s overseas
           assets amounted to RMB143,814 million and RMB7,076 million respectively.

           In 2024, the Group’s revenue increased by 4.3% from approximately RMB274,198 million (restated) to
           RMB285,971 million. Revenue growth was driven by several key factors: 1) In the Chinese market, we
           actively capitalized on the trade-in policy and leveraged our premium product and brands. We also
           strengthened strategic investment in the Leader brand, focusing on building brand awareness among
           young consumers to drive rapid growth in brand revenue. 2) In overseas markets, we continuously
           expanded market share across all regions, outperforming the industry, particularly in emerging markets
           such as Southeast Asia, South Asia, and the Middle East and Africa, where we focused on high-end
           product mix upgrades and retail transformation to achieve rapid growth. 3) We accelerated our HVAC
           business development through external acquisitions and internal transformation. ① The strategic
           acquisition of Carrier’s commercial refrigeration business (consolidated in October 2024) and South
           African water heater leader Kwikot (consolidated in December 2024) expanded our commercial
           refrigeration business and accelerated the development of our water heater and purifier business in
           overseas markets; ② Our smart building business achieved revenue growth through continuous
           investment and breakthrough in core technologies and ongoing product platform iterations. 4) We
           seized development opportunities from improvement in living quality and the transition to low-carbon
           economy by building a comprehensive product portfolio including tumble dryers, dishwashers, water
           purifiers, home cleaning robots, heat pumps, and recycling solutions.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   67

                                                                                            Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     (1)   Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions
           Revenue from the refrigerator/freezers increased by 2.0% from approximately RMB81,910 million
           in 2023 to approximately RMB83,556 million in 2024. The refrigerator/freezer business maintained
           global leadership through continuous innovation, targeted brand positioning, and efficient
           localized supply chain deployment. By advancing core technologies including food preservation,
           built-in applications, and AI, we provided global users with enhanced experiences and smart food
           solutions.

           Revenue from the kitchen appliances decreased by 1.1% from approximately RMB41,654 million
           in 2023 to approximately RMB41,184 million in 2024. The kitchen appliance business continued
           to focus on becoming the global leader in high-end smart kitchen appliances. By driving
           innovation in product suites, built-in technologies, and smart scenario-based solutions, we
           enhanced in-store experience and expanded market share.

     (2)   Air Solutions
           Revenue from the Air Solutions increased by 7.6% from approximately RMB46,104 million in
           2023 to approximately RMB49,617 million in 2024. The home air conditioner business continued
           to advance R&D and modular technology while strengthening supply chain integration, thereby
           solidifying the foundation for long-term development. In the Chinese market, we accelerated
           business transformation and developed comprehensive online retail capabilities. For overseas
           markets, we strengthened our brand positioning, expanded product categories, and established
           franchise networks to achieve steady business growth.

           The smart building business strengthened in-house R&D and manufacturing of core components,
           establishing leadership in energy-saving, low-carbon, and smart technologies to solidify our
           foundation for growth. Revenue growth was driven by continuous investment and breakthrough in
           core components such as compressors, iterations of MRV platforms, and expansion in overseas
           markets.

     (3)   Household Laundry Management Solutions
           Revenue from Household Laundry Management Solutions increased by 3.0% from approximately
           RMB61,492 million in 2023 to approximately RMB63,320 million in 2024. The laundry business
           continued to strengthen its foundation for long-term development through technological
           innovation, product upgrades, market expansion, and supply chain optimization. We accelerated
           the digital inventory and marketing transformation to enhance omni-channel retail capabilities in
           the domestic market, while strengthening product innovation and channel expansion to achieve
           steady growth overseas.
68   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           (4)    Household Water Solutions
                  Revenue from Household Water Solutions increased by 5.5% from approximately RMB15,336
                  million in 2023 to approximately RMB16,175 million in 2024. The water heater and purifier
                  business maintained leadership in the domestic market through product innovation, business
                  model transformation, digital transformation, and operational efficiency improvements. We
                  achieved revenue growth overseas by accelerating market expansion through strategic
                  acquisitions.

           Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Company
           In 2024, the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB18,741
           million, representing an increase of 12.9% from approximately RMB16,597 million (restated) in 2023.

           Adjusted Operating Profit
           Adjusted operating profit was defined as profit before tax, net of interest income and expenses, net
           foreign exchange gains or losses, investment gains and losses (including dividend income from equity
           instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, return on investment in
           other financial assets), gains on disposal of subsidiaries, government grants and share of profits and
           losses of associates. By excluding these items, it is easier for the management and investors to
           compare the Group’s financial results over multiple periods and analyse the trends of its operations.

           Adjusted operating profit is used as a non-IFRS measure to evaluate the Group’s results of operations.
           This measure provides investors with valuable information of the Group’s ongoing operation
           performance because it reveals its business trends that may be obscured by the net effect of realized
           capital gains and losses, fair value changes on derivative financial instruments, gains and losses on
           disposal of operations and other significant non-recurring or unusual items.

           In 2024, the adjusted operating profit of the Group was approximately RMB20,437 million,
           representing an increase of 14.9% as compared to approximately RMB17,793 million (restated) in
           2023. The increase in adjusted operating profit was mainly attributed to the growth of profits in the
           Group’s various business segments across global markets.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   69

                                                                                           Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     Adjusted Operating Profit (continued)

     The following table sets forth the reconciliation between the Group’s adjusted operating profit and
     profit before tax prepared in accordance with IFRS in 2024 and 2023:


                                                                                  2024                   2023
                                                                               RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


      Profit before tax                                                         22,733                 20,211
      Adjustments:
      Bank interest income                                                       (1,858)                (1,514)
      Foreign exchange loss/(gains)                                                 120                   (133)
      Government grants                                                          (1,324)                (1,251)
      Return on investments in other financial assets                               (69)                    (51)
      Dividend income from an equity investment designated
         at fair value through other comprehensive income                           (54)                    (59)
      Finance costs                                                              2,705                   2,165
      Share of profits or losses of associates                                   (1,816)                (1,575)


      Adjusted operating profit                                                 20,437                 17,793


     Gross Profit Margins
     In 2024, the overall gross profit margin of the Group was approximately 27.2%, increased by 0.3
     percentage points year on year. In the domestic market, we continued to advance digital
     transformation in procurement, R&D, and manufacturing, while building a digital production and sales
     coordination system. Through product mix upgrades and enhanced scenario-based experiences, we
     improved brand premium capabilities, resulting in year-on-year gross profit margin growth. In overseas
     markets, we maintained our high-end brand strategy, focused on localized needs, enhanced cost
     competitiveness by establishing a digital procurement platform, and improved capacity utilization
     through global supply chain collaboration, leading to year-on-year gross profit margin improvement.
70   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           Adjusted Operating Profit (continued)

           Selling and Distribution Expenses
           The ratio of selling and distribution expenses of the Group to its revenue was 11.7% in 2024, an
           improvement of 0.2 percentage points compared to 2023. In the domestic market, digital
           transformation initiatives improved efficiency in marketing resource allocation, logistics, and warehouse
           operations, resulting in a year-on-year optimization of the domestic selling and distribution expense
           ratio. In overseas markets, despite improved operational efficiency through retail innovation and global
           resource integration, the benefits were offset by increased investments in channel expansion, new
           product promotions, and store upgrades due to intensified market competition. As a result, overseas
           selling and distribution expense ratio remained unchanged year-on-year.

           Administrative Expenses
           The ratio of administrative expenses of the Group to its revenue was 8.6% in 2024, an improvement
           of 0.1 percentage points compared to 2023. The domestic and overseas administrative expense ratios
           improved due to the application of digital tools, which streamlined business processes and enhanced
           organizational efficiency.

     2.    FINANCIAL POSITION
              Items                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


              Non-current assets                                                      138,424            122,154
              Current assets                                                          151,690            138,914
              Current liabilities                                                     149,722            123,930
              Non-current liabilities                                                  22,003             29,608
              Net assets                                                              118,389            107,530
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   71

                                                                                             Financial Review




2.   FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
     Cash and Cash Equivalents and Wealth Management Products from Other Financial
     Assets
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s total balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth
     management products from other financial assets decreased by 5.1% from RMB58,704 million
     (restated) as at 31 December 2023 to RMB55,727 million as at 31 December 2024. The decrease
     resulted primarily from net cash inflows from operating activities being offset by net cash outflows from
     investing and financing activities.


      Items                                                                        2024                   2023
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                   54,981                 56,683
      Wealth management products from other financial assets
      — Current portion                                                               746                  2,021


      Total                                                                       55,727                 58,704


     Net Assets
     The Group’s net assets increased by 10.1% from RMB107,530 million (restated) as at 31 December
     2023 to RMB118,389 million as at 31 December 2024. The increase in net assets was primarily due to
     profit contribution during the year.

     Working Capital
     Trade and Bills Receivables Turnover Days
     The Group’s trade and bills receivables turnover days as at the end of 2024 was 45 days,
     representing an increase of 5 days as compared to the end of 2023. This was mainly due to the
     increase in bills received by the Group during the current period.

     Inventory Turnover Days
     The Group’s inventory turnover days as at the end of 2024 was 72 days, representing a decrease of 2
     days as compared to the end of 2023. This was mainly due to the Group’s effective optimization of
     inventory control and stock management.

     Trade and Bills Payables Turnover Days
     The Group’s trade and bills payables turnover days as at the end of 2024 was 130 days, which is the
     same as it was at the end of 2023.
72   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Financial Review




     3.    CASH FLOW ANALYSIS
              Items                                                                    2024                  2023
                                                                   Note              RMB’M                RMB’M
                                                                                                        (Restated)


              Cash and cash equivalents as stated
                in the statement of cash flows
                at the beginning of the year                                          56,683                55,157
              Net cash flow generated from operating
                activities                                                            26,543                26,536
              Net cash flow used in investing activities               (a)           (20,074)              (17,340)
              Net cash flow used in financing activities               (b)            (7,914)                (7,921)
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                              (257)                   251


              Cash and cash equivalents as stated
                in the statement of cash flows
                at the end of the year                                                54,981                56,683


           Net cash inflow from operating activities for the year amounted to RMB26,543 million. Net cash flow
           from operation activities to net profit was 1.36.

           (a)    Net cash outflow from investing activities for the year amounted to RMB20,074 million, representing
                  an increase of 15.8% as compared to last year, with the details as follows:


                     Items                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                     RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                        (Restated)


                     Payment for purchases of non-current assets                     (10,071)              (10,542)
                     Purchase of wealth management products                           (6,498)               (7,608)
                     Net cash outflow for subsidiaries acquisition and
                       disposal                                                       (4,409)                 (156)
                     Cash from disposal of fixed assets and
                       leasehold land                                                     42                   171
                     Dividend from an associate                                          579                   684
                     Interest received from wealth management
                       products                                                          136                    90
                     Net cash inflow from other investing activities                     147                    21


                     Net cash flow used in investing activities                      (20,074)              (17,340)
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   73

                                                                                            Financial Review




3.   CASH FLOW ANALYSIS (continued)
     (b)   Net cash outflow in financing activities for the year amounted to RMB7,914 million, representing
           a decrease of 0.1% as compared to last year, with details as follows:


            Items                                                               2024                      2023
                                                                             RMB’M                     RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


            Proceeds from borrowings                                          13,647                    20,942
            Repayment of borrowings                                            (9,569)                 (18,854)
            Repurchase of shares                                                 (559)                   (1,802)
            Dividend paid to shareholders and
               non-controlling interests                                       (7,537)                   (5,284)
            Interest paid                                                      (2,444)                   (1,983)
            Lease payment                                                      (1,691)                   (1,729)
            Cash payment for business combination
               under common control                                                 —                        (95)
            Change in ownership interests in subsidiaries                         255                       911
            Net cash outflow from other financing activities                       (16)                      (27)


            Net cash flow used in financing activities                         (7,914)                   (7,921)


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
The Group focuses on cash flow management and has been able to maintain a healthy financial and liquidity
position. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had a current ratio of 1 (31 December 2023: 1.1).


 Items                                                                            2024                   2023
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


 Cash and cash equivalents                                                       54,981                 56,683
 Wealth management products from other financial assets                             746                  2,021


                                                                                 55,727                 58,704
 Less:
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                                    (33,793)               (29,416)


 Net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth
   management products from other financial assets                               21,934                 29,288
74   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Financial Review




     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES (continued)
     As at 31 December 2024, the wealth management products from other financial assets amounted to
     RMB746 million as compared to RMB2,021 million in 2023.

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
     products from other financial assets amounted to RMB21,934 million (31 December 2023: RMB29,288
     million (restated)), representing a decrease of 25.1% as compared to 2023, mainly due to improved returns
     on capital and increased debt investment.

     Among the cash and cash equivalents and the wealth management products from other financial assets
     balance, approximately 62.7% was denominated in Renminbi and the remaining 37.3% was denominated in
     Euro, Hong Kong dollars, U.S. dollars, New Zealand Dollars and other currencies.

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings amounted to RMB33,793 million (31
     December 2023: RMB29,416 million (restated)). For details of the interest-bearing borrowings, please refer to
     financial statements.

     In 2024, financial return of cash and cash equivalents and the return on wealth management products from
     other financial assets amounted to RMB1,928 million, representing an increase of 23.3% as compared to
     RMB1,564 million (restated) in 2023, which was mainly due to the enhancement of capital management
     efficiency.

     The Group will continue to maintain stable liquidity in its operations in 2024 to ensure meeting its working
     capital requirements in the coming year, and also for constructing super factory, as well as maintaining the
     financial flexibility for future strategic investment opportunities.

     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL
     INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
     As of 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any significant investment or future plans for material
     investments or capital assets.

     Future capital expenditure planning: Capital expenditure in China market will mainly focus on, amongst other
     things, smart factory layout and the upgrade of employees’ work environments. Capital expenditure in the
     overseas market will mainly focus on, amongst other things, global supply chain layout and factory
     reconstruction, new product research and development and information technology construction to
     continuously improve overseas operation capacity. Investment capital will be financed through the
     Company’s internal or external capital and debt financing.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACEMENT OF SHARES
     On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with a placing agent for a placing of
     new H Shares of the Company under the general mandate. The Company intends to further strengthen its
     financial position through placing and utilising the net proceeds, mainly to support overseas business
     expansion and investment in ESG related areas. On 21 January 2022, the placing of shares had been
     completed. A total of 41,413,600 H Shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each have been placed to five
     placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected with
     the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price is HK$28.00 per H Share (whilst the closing
     price per H Share was HK$32.70 on 11 January 2022). The net price, based on estimated expense, is
     HK$27.77 per H Share.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   75

                                                                                              Financial Review




USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACEMENT OF SHARES (continued)
The gross proceeds and net proceeds from the placing amounted to approximately HK$1,159.58 million and
approximately HK$1,149.98 million respectively. The net proceeds of the placing will be used as to (i) 70%
for production capacity expansion of overseas industrial parks; (ii) 15% for investment in ESG
(Environmental, Social, Governance) related areas; (iii) 10% for digitalization and upgrade of overseas
industrial parks; and (iv) 5% for overseas channel expansion and promotion. The above use was consistent
with the intended use of proceeds previously disclosed by the Company.

Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 27 August 2024. In order to meet the ESG
requirements and expectations of stakeholders for the Group as a responsible enterprise, and to better
reflect the Group’s value on its business, the Group’s ESG-related work is in the internal upgrade stage of
combining the Company’s strategy and operation management, and the relevant ESG projects are in the
preparation and initiation stage. In view of the above considerations, the expected timeline of the unutilized
net proceeds was extended to 31 December 2026, and the actual use of funds will depend on the specific
implementation progress of the projects.

Detailed breakdown and description of the net proceeds utilized during the year ended 31 December 2024
are set out below:


                                                                          Amount of net
                                                                       proceeds utilized         Unutilized net
                                                      Unutilized net     during the year        proceeds as at
                                                   proceeds as at 1            ended 31          31 December
                                                      January 2024      December 2024                     2024
                                                              HK$’M               HK$’M                  HK$’M


 Capacity building of overseas industrial parks                    —                     —                      —
 Investments in ESG (Environmental,
 Social and Governance) related areas                         172.50                     —                172.50
 Information technology upgrading of overseas
    industrial parks                                               —                     —                      —
 Overseas channel building and promotion                           —                     —                      —


                                                              172.50                     —                172.50
76   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Financial Review




     CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
     The Company assesses its capital expenditure and investments in each business segment of the Group in
     China and the overseas home appliances and smart home business from time to time. The capital
     expenditure during the year was RMB10,071 million (2023: RMB10,542 million (restated)), in which
     RMB5,733 million and RMB4,338 million was mainly used in China and overseas respectively for the
     construction of plant and equipment, property rental expenses, and investment of information infrastructure.

     GEARING RATIO
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio (defined as total borrowings (including interest-bearing
     borrowings and lease liabilities) divided by net assets of the Group) was 33.5%, as compared to 31.8% for
     2023. This was mainly due to the increase in domestic loans.

     TREASURY POLICIES
     The Group adopts a prudent approach for its cash management and risk control. Due to the global
     presence of our business, our results of operations are affected by foreign exchange rate movements, both
     on a transactional and translation basis.

     The Group is primarily exposed to movements in the Renminbi, our reporting currency, against US dollar
     and, to a lesser extent, Euro and Japanese Yen. The translational effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise
     because the financial results of the Group’s subsidiaries are measured in the currency of the primary
     economic environment in which they operate (its functional currency). The results of operations of our global
     subsidiaries are, therefore, measured in currencies other than Renminbi and are then translated into
     Renminbi for the presentation of our financial results in the consolidated financial statements. Consequently,
     fluctuations in the applicable foreign currency exchange rates may increase or decrease the Renminbi value
     of our non-Renminbi assets, liabilities, revenues and costs, even if their value has not changed in their local
     functional currency.

     The transactional effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise when one of the Group’s subsidiaries enters into
     a sale or purchase transaction in a currency other than its functional currency. The principal source of
     transaction risk arises from the fact that most of our costs are measured in RMB, while most of our sales
     are invoiced in other currencies (including US dollar, Euro and Japanese Yen). The Group attempts to match
     costs and revenues along the value chain in the local markets in the same currency, creating a natural
     hedge for some of the transaction risks. The Group also uses forward foreign exchange contracts to
     mitigate its transactional exchange rate exposure.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   77

                                                                                            Financial Review




CAPITAL COMMITMENT
The Group’s capital commitments contracted but not yet provided for amounted to RMB5,916 million as at
31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: RMB3,927 million (restated)), which were mainly related to the
Group’s domestic and overseas factories construction projects.

CHARGE OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s trade and bills receivables with a net carrying value of RMB47 million
(31 December 2023: RMB158 million (restated)), the Group’s other intangible assets amounting to RMB97
million (31 December 2023: RMB55 (restated)) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank loans.
The Group’s bank loans are guaranteed by Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, with
amount RMB320 million as at 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: Nil).

In addition, as at 31 December 2024, certain of the Group’s bills payable were secured by the pledge of the
Group’s bank deposits amounting to RMB484 million (31 December 2023: RMB434 million (restated)) and
the Group’s bills receivable amounting to RMB5,068 million (31 December 2023: RMB4,357 million).

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
At the end of the reporting period, neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent
liabilities.

RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, REMUNERATION POLICY
Under the management model of “RenDanHeYi”, the Company adheres to the remuneration concept of
integrating user pay, value creation and value sharing. By providing employees with a short-, medium- and
long-term remuneration incentive system combining labour income, surplus profit sharing and capital gain, as
well as all-rounded welfare policies and employee caring schemes, the Company encourages employees to
perform their duties with an entrepreneurial mindset, and align employee value with company value and
shareholder value, so as to continuous improve user experience and create a win-win situation in the
development of both the Company and its employees.

The Company has established a wide range of multi-dimensional incentive mechanism and continues to
implement the global incentive system covering both domestic and foreign employees to attract, motivate
and stabilize the Company’s core talent.

The total number of employees of the Group increased by 9.1% to 122,733 as at 31 December 2024 from
112,458 as at 31 December 2023.
78   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Financial Review




     RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     The Group values its customers and suppliers as major partners and stakeholders. A healthy and
     competitive partnership network is fundamental to the Group’s success.

     In China, we serve our customers through a comprehensive omni-channel sales network consisting of offline
     and online channels. Our offline sales and distribution network in China primarily consists of the following: (i)
     our franchised stores and their extended sales network, (ii) national chain store retailors, (iii) regional chain
     store retailors, and (iv) other sales channels selling to our business partners. We also offer our products
     through online channels including: (i) directly selling to end-customers through our own Haier Smart Home
     App or B2C platforms such as our flagship store on Tmall.com, and (ii) selling our products to B2B2C
     channels such as JD.com.

     All of our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores and online B2B2C platforms are
     independent third parties. Our relationship with our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores
     and online B2B2C platforms is in essence a buyer and seller relationship. They are our customers and they
     do not act on our behalf when dealing with their respective end customers, and we have no management
     control over their daily operations or their inventories level. Our franchisees, national chain stores, regional
     chain stores and online B2B2C platforms place orders with us when and to the extent they deem
     appropriate. We monitor their sales performance and provide marketing guidance to them. Based on their
     sales performance, we may consider enhancing, weakening or even terminating our cooperation relationships
     with our retailors and distributors. In general, our relationships with our major franchisees, national chain
     stores, major regional chain stores and major online B2B2C platforms have remained stable. There was no
     material non-compliance with the terms and conditions of our agreements with them.

     North America and Europe are our two largest overseas markets and a substantial part of our overseas
     sales are made through local retailors. We also sell our products through online channels. We have
     established stable business relationship with our retailors and other customers. In the North America, we
     have maintained good collaboration with them through various kinds of branding, sales, marketing and
     promotion activities, which does not only enhance the sale of our products, but also promotes our brand
     recognition among the consumers covering various demographical groups. In Europe, our principal sales
     channels cover retail stores and e-commerce platforms. Similar to our approach in the North America, we
     also strategically select our retailors in Europe based on various criteria including market share, market
     positioning, and reputation of the customers, in order to maximise the reach of our products to consumers.
     We maintain stable business relationship with our online and offline customers.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   79

                                                                                              Financial Review




RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS (continued)
Through our information feedback system, customer feedback is sent to the suppliers in real time and is a
key part of the suppliers’ key performance indicator in their on-going evaluations. For overseas suppliers,
their performance is also closely monitored by the local teams in accordance with the requirements set forth
in the agreement, as well as the local customs.

Prospective suppliers can register on our online platform. Once registered, a supplier will be vetted for its
business, product quality, technical capabilities, and social responsibilities, among other criteria. Once a
supplier has been approved, it is added to the pool of pre-qualified suppliers and becomes eligible to bid for
the relevant orders from us. The orders are posted on our online platform and open to suppliers for bidding.
We strive to make the bidding process transparent and fair for all of the participating suppliers. Once the bid
is selected, the supplier will sign a contract with us and officially becomes our supplier. The suppliers’
performance can be rated by the customers through the same online platform. Based on the customers’
feedback, the system can automatically adjust and optimise the supply strategies.

We typically seek to enter into long-term agreements with our strategic suppliers. For other suppliers, the
agreements are generally renewed annually. The payment terms for our suppliers vary, but the typical
payment period for suppliers is “3+6” in China, meaning that we serve our suppliers with banker’s
acceptances with a term of six months after an initial credit period of three months. We typically do not
have a fixed and standard payment period for suppliers in our overseas markets.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
The Group had no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or jointly controlled entities
during the year.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
According to the resolution of the 13th meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Directors of the
Company held on 27 March 2025, the profit for the year is proposed to be distributed on the basis of the
total number of shares on the record date after deducting the repurchased shares from the repurchased
account. The Company declared cash dividend of RMB9.65 (including taxes) for every 10 shares to all
shareholders.
80   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Financial Review




     DIVIDENDS
     The Board proposes the distribution of the final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2024 of RMB9.65
     in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax), totaling approximately RMB9.00 billion based on the current
     total issued capital, net of repurchased shares but not yet cancelled. This dividend represented
     approximately 48.01% of the profit attributable to the owners of the Company. Where the total share capital
     of the Company changes before the registration date for the implementation of the equity distribution, it is
     expected to maintain the total distribution unchanged and adjust the distribution ratio per share accordingly.

     This dividend distribution proposal shall be subject to the consideration and approval at the Company’s
     2024 annual general meeting, and the final dividend is expected to be distributed to shareholders in two
     months from the 2024 annual general meeting.

     Dividends for D-Shares and H-Shares shall be paid in foreign currencies. According to the Articles of
     Association of the Company, the applicable rate of exchange shall be average exchange rate (medium rates)
     for converting Renminbi into foreign currencies as quoted by The People’s Bank of China for a week
     immediately prior to the announcement of dividend.

     Notice of the 2024 annual general meeting will announce the date of the 2024 annual meeting of the
     Company and details of relevant book closure of H Shares, as well as the arrangement of book closure of H
     Shares for the final dividend.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   81

                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) and the management (the “Management”) of Haier
Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) recognise that sound corporate practices are crucial to the efficient
operation of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) and the safeguarding of our
shareholders’ interests. In this regard, the Board gives high priority to enhance the Company’s corporate
governance standards with emphasis on transparency, accountability and independence in order to enhance
the long-term value of our shareholders.

The Company has complied with the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provision(s)”) and principles
under the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong
Stock Exchange”) during the year ended 31 December 2024 except for certain deviations as described
below. The Board shall review its code from time to time to ensure its continuous compliance with the
Code. This report describes the Company’s corporate governance practices, explains its applications of and
deviations from the Code (if any), together with considered reasons for such deviations (if applicable).

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Composition
As at 31 December 2024, the Board comprised two Executive Directors (Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman) and Mr.
GONG Wei), three Non-executive Directors (Mr. YU Hon To, David, Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun and Ms. SHAO
Xinzhi) and four Independent Non-executive Directors (Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun, Mr. WONG Hak Kun, Mr. LI
Shipeng and Mr. WU Qi) (the “INED(s)”). They formed the 11th session of the Board which commenced from
June 2022 till the conclusion of the annual general meeting to be convened in May 2025.

The Board has at least one-third in number of its members comprising INEDs throughout the year. The
Company has also fulfilled the requirements of the composition of the Company’s audit committee,
remuneration committee and the nomination committee under the Listing Rules.

At least one of the INEDs possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise under Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules. The Directors are well-versed in respective
areas such as business management, accounting and finance, and industry knowledge and the Board as a
whole has achieved an appropriate balance of skills and experience. The chairman of the Board and the
nomination committee will review the composition of the board from time to time so as to enhance it for
meeting the strategic objectives of the Company. The Directors’ biographical details are set out on pages 14
to 18 of this annual report.

To the best of the Company’s knowledge, there is no financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationship(s) among the Board members and the supervisors. All of them are free to exercise their
independent judgment on all matters concerning the Company.

The Articles of Association of the Company (“Articles of Association”) have stated clearly the procedures for
the appointment of new directors, re-election and removal of directors. Under the Articles of Association, the
Board may from time to time to nominate a director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the
Board, subject to the election at the next following general meeting of the Company.

Non-executive Directors of the Company are all elected by the general meetings, with term of office of three
years, which are renewable upon re-election and reappointment.
82   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board diversity policy
     The Company recognizes that Board diversity will help improve corporate governance, increase the efficiency
     of the Board, reduce management and control risks and make better decisions, thereby achieving the
     sustainable and healthy development of the Company.

     When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will take into full consideration the Board
     diversity, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, regions,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and service terms of Directors as well as other regulatory
     requirements.

     Appointments of Board members will be made on a merit basis and requirements for Board diversity will be
     fully considered, with a focus on evaluating which skills, experience, and diverse viewpoints and
     perspectives the candidates can bring to the Board, and how they can contribute to the Board.

     The Nomination Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising and reporting to the Board
     matters concerning diversification of the Board members; working out the composition of the Board
     members, evaluating the professional experience, skills, knowledge and other diverse factors required by the
     Board, and making recommendations to the Board; searching for and nominating Director candidates and
     reporting the same to the Board for approval; supervising the appointment made by the Board; and ensuring
     that the recruitment and selection from the Board to common staff proceed according to proper
     procedures.

     The Company shall establish and implement relevant plans to develop a broader and more diverse pool of
     skilled and experienced employees, so that, in time, their skills will prepare them for senior management and
     board positions.

     The Nomination Committee will consider and, if appropriate, set measurable objectives to implement the
     Board diversity policy and review such objectives to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress
     made towards achieving those objectives. The Nomination Committee of the Company will be responsible for
     monitoring the implementation of the Board diversity policy, evaluating the diversity of the Company every
     year and reviewing the Board diversity policy as appropriate, discussing any revisions required, and making
     recommendations to the Board for approval before implementation.

     The achievements made from above Board diversity measures during the transition from the 10th session of
     the Board to the current 11th session of the Board included the followings:

     The current 11th session of the Board, commenced from June 2022, comprises of nine Directors, including
     two executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors. In
     particular, there are two female Directors, accounting for 22.2%, an increase of 13.2 percentage points as
     compared to the percentage of female Directors (9%) in the previous 10th session of the Board; and four
     independent Directors, accounting for 44.4%, an increase of 8.1 percentage points compared to the
     previous 10th session of the Board (36.3%). Members of the Board of Directors have extensive knowledge
     and experience in industry experience, Internet of Things, corporate governance, global market experience,
     financial management and risk management, which will help the Board of Directors to make the best
     decisions for the sustainable and healthy development of the Company.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   83

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board diversity policy (continued)
The Board had achieved and maintained to have two female Directors in the current 11th session of the
Board. The Board considers that current gender diversity has met the diversity policy of the Company and
has met the requirement stipulated in the relevant Listing Rules.

The Company will continue to maintain gender diversity on the Board, and the Nomination Committee will
proactively ensure an appropriate proportion of female members when selecting and making
recommendations on suitable candidates for Board membership. Through the Board diversity policy, the
annual assessment by Nomination Committee on Board structure, and the measures for ensuring gender
diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level, the Company could develop a pipeline of potential
successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity.

The Company had 122,733 employees from about 50 countries around the world, including 43,950 overseas
employees. Details break-down by gender at the end of reporting year are as follows:


                                                                                  Male                Female
                                                                             employees              employees


 Percentage of employees by gender                                                  72.9%                  27.1%
 Percentage of senior management by gender                                          90.0%                  10.0%


The Group had targeted to increase the ratios of female members in senior management and the overall
workforce. For instance, GE Appliances, one of the major overseas subsidiaries of the Company, has set a
target to achieve the ratio of female members in workforce to 40% by 2025 (currently the ratio is 33%). The
Board considers that current gender diversity in senior management and the overall workforce have met the
business needs.

Based on business development and operational needs, the Company will take into full consideration of the
factors when recruiting its employees, including skills, age and gender diversity, and will strive to achieve a
balanced proportion of our employee in skills, age and gender.

Corporate strategy
The Board awares and understands the Group’s purpose, values, mission and long term strategic business
plans, reflects this understanding on the related key issues discussions and satisfies that these and the
Company’s culture are aligned. The Chairman of the Board organises meetings and regularly presents the
Group’s values, mission and long-term strategic business plans to members of the Board as well as key
management of local and overseas subsidiaries.
84   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Delegation by the Board
     The Directors are collectively responsible for setting the Group’s strategies, providing leadership and
     guidance to put them into effect, reviewing and monitoring the performance of the Group and are
     accountable to the Company’s shareholders. To maximise the effectiveness of the Group’s operations, the
     Board has delegated management and administration of the Group’s daily operations to the Executive
     Directors, chief executive officer (“CEO”) and the Management while reserved several important matters for
     its approval. To this end, the Articles of Association of the Company have set out the division of functions
     between the Board and the Management (including the Executive Directors and the CEO).

     The major functions of the Board and the Management are summarized as follows: The Board is principally
     responsible for:

     1.    determining the Company’s business plans and investment schemes;

     2.    formulating the Company’s annual budgets and final accounts;

     3.    formulating the Company’s profit distribution plan and plan for covering losses;

     4.    formulating the Company’s plans for increase or reduction of registered capital, issuance of bonds or
           other securities and listing plan;

     5.    formulating the Company’s plans for significant acquisition, merger and acquisition, division, dissolution
           and change of corporate form;

     6.    determining establishment of the Company’s internal management mechanisms;

     7.    determining establishment of the Company’s basic management rules and the plans for amendment of
           the Articles of Association;

     8.    any other functions and powers accorded by laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and
           the listing rules of the place where the securities of the Company are listed or the Articles of
           Association or other authorities granted by the shareholders’ general meeting; and

     9.    subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules and other regulations, approving transactions in which
           connected person(s) (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company is/are considered having material
           interests.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   85

                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Delegation by the Board (continued)
The Management is principally responsible for:

1.   exercising all such other powers and performing all such other acts as may be exercised and performed
     by the Directors, save and except for those that may specifically be reserved by the Board and/or the
     committees set up by the Board for decision and implementation, or those that may only be exercised
     by the Board pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and other regulations in the PRC, the Articles
     of association, the Listing Rules, the Hong Kong Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-
     backs;

2.   presiding over production and operation management of the Company, organizing implementation of
     Board resolutions and reporting to the Board of Directors on their work;

3.   organising the implementation of the Company’s annual business plans and investment plans;

4.   formulating plans for establishment of internal management mechanisms of the Company;

5.   formulating basic management rules, and specific rules and regulations of the Company;

6.   determining the appointment or dismissal of management personnel other than those whose appointment
     or dismissal be decided by the Board of Directors; and

7.   monitoring the executions of the continuing connected transactions between connected person(s) (as
     defined in the Listing Rules and other regulations) and the Company to ensure their compliance with
     the relevant rules and regulation.

The Board reviews those arrangements on a periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the
needs of the Group.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)
Under code provision C.2.1 of the Code, the roles of chairman and CEO should be separated and should
not be performed by the same individual. Since 28 June 2022, Mr. LI Huagang (“Mr. LI”), an Executive
Director, had served as the chairman and also the CEO of the Company. Mr. LI has been the CEO of the
Company since April 2019 and has assumed the role of chairman since 28 June 2022 when Mr. LIANG
Haishan retired as chairman of the Company.
86   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) (continued)
     The Board has continued reviewing the separation of chairman and CEO. After evaluation of the situation of
     the Company and taking into account the experience and past performance of Mr. LI, the Board is of the
     opinion that it is appropriate and in the best interests of the Group for Mr. LI to hold both positions as the
     chairman and CEO of the Company as it helps to maintain the continuity of the policies and the stability of
     the operations of the Group. It also helps to promote the efficient formulation and implementation of the
     Company’s strategies which enabled the Group to seize business opportunities efficiently and promptly. The
     Board comprising a vast majority of non-executive Directors who also meets regularly on a quarterly basis to
     review the operations of the Group and to consider other major matters affecting the business of the Group.

     Accordingly, the Board believes that this arrangement would not have negative influence on the balance of
     power and authorizations between the Board and the management of the Company. In addition, through the
     continuing supervision of the Board and its independent non-executive Directors, checks and balances
     continue to exist so that the interests of the shareholders are continued to be adequately and fairly
     represented.

     Independent Non-executive Directors (the “INEDs”)
     The INEDs have the same duties of care and skill and fiduciary duties as the Executive Directors. They are
     expressly identified as such in all corporate communications that disclose the names of the Directors.

     The INEDs are experienced professionals with expertise in areas of accounting and finance, and business
     management. With their professional knowledge and experience, the INEDs advise the Company on its
     operation and management; provide independent opinions on the Company’s connected/continuing
     connected transactions and other material transactions; participate in the Company’s Audit Committee
     meetings, Remuneration and Appraisal Committee meetings, Nomination Committee meetings, Strategy
     Committee meetings and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee meetings. The INEDs also
     contribute to provide adequate checks and balances so as to protect the interests of the Company, to
     enable the interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole are adequately and fairly represented, and to
     promote the development of the Company.

     No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements is granted to INEDs.

     The chairman meets the INEDs at least once annually without the presence of other Directors to discuss any
     topics they consider necessary.

     The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the INEDs pursuant to
     Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all INEDs independent as at the date of this report.
                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   87

                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Supply of and access to information
Newly appointed Directors will receive induction packages relating to the duties and responsibilities of
directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

All the Directors are briefed and updated from time to time on the latest legislative and regulatory
developments, and they receive, in a timely manner, adequate information which is accurate, clear, complete
and reliable to ensure that they are fully aware of their responsibilities under the Listing Rules, the Company
Law of the PRC, the Articles of Association of the Company and other applicable legal and regulatory
requirements.

In order to ensure that their duties can be properly discharged, the Directors are entitled to seek advice
from independent professional advisers whenever deemed necessary by them at the Company’s expense.

Professional development
The Directors paid significant attention to enhance their knowledge and expertise so as to discharge their
duties and responsibilities more effectively. The Company would organize in-house training sessions for
newly appointed directors which are conducted by professionals relating to the duties and responsibilities of
directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

During the year, all Directors have fully observed the Code Provision C.1.4 and have attended various
relevant training programmes which include:

(i)     In-house seminars, conducted by professionals, for updates on changes on relevant laws and regulations
        of the places of listing;

(ii)    In-house seminars sessions on topics relating to the business development of the Company;

(iii)   Participation and/or as speakers in relevant conferences and seminars organized by various external
        organizations relevant to the business or directors’ duties, for update on corporate governance, and for
        enhancing their business expertise; and

(iv)    Private study of materials relevant to the director’s duties and responsibilities.

During the year, all Directors received regular updates on the Group’s business, operations, risk
management, corporate governance matters, and changes on relevant laws and regulations applicable to the
Group.

During the year, the Company Secretary of the Company have taken no less than 15 hours of relevant
professional training.
88   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board meetings
     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Board held four meetings to review and approve, among
     other things, the 2023 annual results, 2024 interim and quarterly results; to discuss and review the strategic
     transactions, connected transactions and other assets restructure plans; to discuss and review the share
     based award proposals such as the Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), the Restricted Share Unit
     Scheme (RSU), and the Share Option Incentive Scheme; to review the revision of the internal policies and
     basic management rules; to discuss and propose various resolutions for shareholders’ general meetings. The
     Company’s board meetings (the “Board Meeting(s)”) are permitted to be held by means of telephone or
     other means of electronic communication.

     Sufficient notices are served and comprehensive information is provided to the Board members in advance
     of all the Board Meetings in order to enable them to make informed decisions on all matters transacted at
     the Board Meetings.

     The proceedings of the Board Meetings are conducted by the Chairman of the Board or another Executive
     Director who ensures that sufficient time is allowed for discussion among the Directors and equal
     opportunities are being given to the Directors to express their views and share their concerns.

     The Board Secretary and the Company Secretary attends the Board Meetings to advise Directors on
     corporate governance practices, and statutory compliance, accounting and financial issues whenever
     deemed necessary by the Board.

     Board minutes are prepared for recording all matters transacted and resolved at the Board Meetings. Draft
     versions of the Board minutes are sent to all Directors for their comments. The final versions would then be
     adopted by the Board for records. Also, the minutes of Board Meetings as well as meetings of Board
     committees are recorded in sufficient details of the matters considered and decisions made, including
     concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views expressed. All the Board minutes are also kept by the
     Board Secretary and are open for inspection by the Directors.

     The Company has mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. This was
     achieved through the Board diversity and the appointment of independent directors. In June 2022, the
     Company completed the transition to the current 11th session of the Board, further enhancing the
     independence of the Board. The new Board comprises of 4 independent Directors, accounting for 44.4% of
     the Board, an increase of 8.1 percentage points compared to the previous term (36.3%). All of the
     independent Directors of the Company are experienced professionals with expertise in accounting, finance
     and business management. In 2024, the independent Directors of the Company perform specific duties in
     accordance with the Articles of Association and the listing rules of the places of listing, including
     participating in the meetings of the special committees of the Company and advising the Company on its
     operation and management; providing independent advice on connected transactions, profit distribution plans
     and other significant transactions of the Company. By discharging their duties as mentioned above, the
     independent Directors help to protect the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and to
     promote the development of the Company. The chairman of each of the Company’s special committees
     (except the Strategy Committee and ESG Committee) is an independent Director. The number of
     independent Directors in the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Assessment Committee, the
     Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee accounts for one-half or more of the total number of
     committee members.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   89

                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board meetings (continued)
The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the Board Meetings during the year ended 31
December 2024:


                                                                                                No. of the
                                                                                          Board Meetings
                                                                                            attended/held


 Executive Directors:
 Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman)                                                                                 4/4
 Mr. GONG Wei                                                                                              4/4

 Non-executive Directors:
 Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)                                                                           4/4
 Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                                      4/4
 Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                                                                                        4/4

 INEDs:
 Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                         4/4
 Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                          4/4
 Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                            4/4
 Mr. WU Qi                                                                                                 4/4


It is challenging to arrange the board meetings that fits in with the tight and busy schedules of all the
Directors. To enable all the Directors to keep abreast of the Group’s latest development and to discharge
their duties properly, the Board Secretary and the Company Secretary would brief the Directors on those
matters transacted at the board meetings that they are unable to attend.

Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors
The Company has adopted a model code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors (the
“Model Code”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
Listed Issuers set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Upon enquiry by the Company, all Directors and
Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard as set out
in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2024.

In addition, the Board has adopted written guidelines (the “Employees’ Guidelines for Securities
Transactions”) for securities transactions by employees (the “Relevant Employees”) who are likely to be in
possession of unpublished price sensitive information of the Company on no less exacting terms than the
Model Code. Having made specific enquiries of all the Relevant Employees, the Company confirmed that all
the Relevant Employees had complied with the required standards as set out in the Employees’ Guidelines
for Securities Transactions throughout the year ended 31 December 2024.
90   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees
     The Board has established an Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”), a Remuneration and Appraisal
     Committee (the “Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”), a Nomination Committee (the “Nomination
     Committee”), a Strategy Committee (the “Strategy Committee”) and a Environmental, Social and Governance
     Committee (the “ESG Committee”) (collectively the “Committees”) to oversee specific aspects of the
     Company’s affairs. The Committees report to the Board regularly, and have been provided with sufficient
     resources to discharge their respective duties. To reinforce independence, the chairmen of the Committees
     other than the Strategy Committee and the ESG Committee are INEDs. Each of the Committees has
     adopted specific terms of reference covering its duties, powers and functions which will be reviewed by the
     Board from time to time. The Board Secretary also acts as secretary of the Committees. The Committees
     adopt as far as practicable, the procedures and arrangement of the Board Meeting in relation to the
     conduct of meetings, notice of meetings and recording of minutes. Further particulars of each of the
     Committees are set out below:

     (1)   Audit Committee
           During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Audit Committee comprised five members throughout
           the year. The members are as follows:

           Mr. WONG Hak Kun;
           Ms. SHAO Xinzhi;
           Mr. CHIEN Da-chun;
           Mr. YU Hon To, David; and
           Mr. WU Qi

           The Audit Committee was chaired by Mr. WONG Hak Kun. Mr. WONG, Mr. YU and Ms. SHAO
           possess the required accounting expertise. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee (as revised)
           are available on the respective websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

           The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to ensure the objectivity and credibility of financial
           reporting, to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of
           the Group’s external auditors and review of the Company’s financial controls, internal control and risk
           management systems. Each member of the Audit Committee has unrestricted access to the Group’s
           external auditor and the Management.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   91

                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(1)   Audit Committee (continued)
      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Audit Committee held five meetings, the major agenda
      items included the followings:

      —    to review with the management the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group
           and to discuss financial reporting matters including the review of 2023 annual results and 2024
           interim and quarterly results of the Group;

      —    review the adequacy of resources, accounting staff qualifications and experience, training
           programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions;

      —    review of the risk management and internal control procedures;

      —    review of the connected transactions and the continuing connected transactions;

      —    review of the significant transactions of the Group;

      —    review the reappointment of external auditors, and

      —    review the terms of reference of the Audit Committee, and other related issues.

      There is no disagreement between the Board and the Audit Committee regarding the selection,
      appointment, resignation or dismissal of external auditor. The annual results for the year ended 31
      December 2024 were also reviewed by the Audit Committee.

      The Board also has adopted the arrangement for employees of the Company to raise genuine
      concerns, in confidence, about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other
      matters in the Company and its subsidiaries. The Audit Committee monitors the execution of this
      arrangement.

      The following table shows the attendance of members of the Audit Committee during the year ended
      31 December 2024:

                                                                                              No. of Audit
                                                                                       Committee meetings
                                                                                           attended/held


       Non-executive Directors:
       Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                                  5/5
       Ms. SHAO Xinzhi                                                                                       5/5

       INEDs:
       Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                      5/5
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                     5/5
       Mr. WU Qi                                                                                             5/5
92   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
           The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee currently comprises three members including:

           Mr. LI Huagang;
           Mr. CHIEN Da-chun; and
           Mr. LI Shipeng

           The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is chaired by Mr. CHIEN Da-chun, an INED. The terms of
           reference of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (as revised) are available on the respective
           websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

           The primary duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to make recommendations to the
           Board on policies and structures of all remuneration of the Directors and senior management. Each of
           the Directors has not involved in the determination of his/her own remuneration.

           The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
           Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
           Company’s affairs.

           The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference to the
           Company’s performance, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or contribution of each
           executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises basic salaries, pensions and
           discretionary bonuses.

           The remuneration for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to ensure
           that non-executive Directors and Independent Non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for
           their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board
           committees. The remuneration for the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors
           mainly comprises Director’s fees which are determined with reference to their duties and
           responsibilities and are subject to shareholders’ approval at general meetings.

           During the year ended 31 December 2024 the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held two
           meetings. At the meetings, members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee reviewed and
           made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration proposals and the performance based
           structures of the Directors and senior management, including the share based award proposals such
           as the 2024 A-share and H-share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), and the 2024
           H-share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (RSU). The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considered
           these proposals by taking into account the factors such as remuneration packages and benefits
           offered by comparable companies, the respective contribution of each of the Directors and senior
           management to the Group and the business objectives of the Group. The Remuneration and Appraisal
           Committee also considered the execution reports of incentive schemes (Core Employee Stock
           Ownership Plan and A-share Option Incentive Scheme) in relation to the assessment of the Executive
           Directors and senior management.
                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   93

                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (continued)
      Particularly, in approving the 2024 share award and share option scheme, the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee has reviewed the material matters including:

      (i)      appropriateness of the number of share awards and share options to be granted;

      (ii)     vesting period of no less than 12 months;

      (iii)    plan of exercise or vesting which is linked with performance targets to be fulfilled by participants.

      There are no unusual or exceptional features in the share award and share option scheme that are
      contradictive with the relevant rules for which special approval from the Remuneration and Appraisal
      Committee are required.

      The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee has adopted the model that it will review the proposals
      made by the Management on the remuneration of Executive Directors and senior managements with
      reference to the Board’s corporate policies and objectives, and make recommendations to the Board.
      The remuneration plans or proposals mainly include but not limited to performance appraisal criteria,
      procedures and key appraisal system, and major incentive and penalty plans and systems. The Board
      will have final authority to approve the recommendations made by the Remuneration Committee.

      The following table shows the attendance of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      during the year ended 31 December 2024:


                                                                                             No. of Remuneration
                                                                                                    and Appraisal
                                                                                             Committee meetings
                                                                                                    attended/held


            Executive Director:
            Mr. LI Huagang                                                                                         2/2

            INEDs:
            Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                      2/2
            Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                         2/2


      Refer to note 13(b) to the consolidated financial statements for the details of remuneration payable to
      key management personnel (excluding Directors) of the Group by band.
94   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (3)   Nomination Committee
           The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members including:

           Mr. LI Huagang;
           Mr. LI Shipeng; and
           Mr. WU Qi

           The Nomination Committee was chaired by Mr. WU Qi, an INED. The terms of reference of the
           Nomination Committee (as revised) are available on the respective websites of the Company and the
           Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

           The Nomination Committee is responsible for formulating nomination policy and making
           recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors, senior management and
           Board succession. It also develops selection procedures of candidates for nomination, reviews the
           structure, size and composition of the Board and assesses the independence of the INEDs. The
           Company has provided the Nomination Committee sufficient resources to perform its duties.

           Nomination procedures include identification and acknowledgement of qualified individuals by the
           Nomination Committee and review and approval of such nomination by the Board. The Nomination
           Committee shall proactively communicate with the Company’s relevant departments, examine the
           Company’s demand for new directors and senior managers.

           The selection criteria for Directors are that the candidates must have substantial experience in
           business relevant to the Company, or in corporate management, or in relevant profession and must be
           able to contribute effectively to the objectives of the Company. In identifying suitable candidates for
           appointment to the Board, the Nomination Committee will consider candidates on merit against
           objective criteria (such as professional expertise, relevant experience, personal ethics etc.) and with due
           regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Any committee member may propose suitable
           candidates for directorship for discussion and approval by the Nomination Committee, after which the
           Board will consider and, if proper, approve such nomination. Director thus selected is subject to
           election by the Company’s shareholders in the next general meeting or next annual general meeting,
           as appropriate, according to the Articles of Association of the Company.

           The Nomination Committee monitors the execution of the Board diversity policy of the Company.
           Selection will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to, professional
           experience, business experience and insight, skills, know-how, gender, age, cultural and educational
           background, ethnic and length of services. It will review the Board diversity policy as appropriate and
           recommend any revisions to the policy to the Board for consideration and approval if necessary.

           During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. At the
           meeting, members of the Nomination Committee have reviewed the composition of the Board and
           diversity of the Board.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   95

                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(3)   Nomination Committee (continued)
      The Nomination Committee discussed and agreed the measurable objectives for achieving diversity on
      the Board and recommended them to the Board for adoption. The Nomination Committee assessed
      the composition and diversity of the Board on objectives of offering relevant industry experience and
      business skill to the Board for the Company’s strategic business developments, while maintaining
      diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group’s business.

      The following table shows the attendance of members of the Nomination Committee during the year
      ended 31 December 2024:


                                                                                       No. of Nomination
                                                                                      Committee meetings
                                                                                           attended/held


       Executive Director:
       Mr. LI Huagang                                                                                       1/1

       INEDs:
       Mr. WU Qi                                                                                            1/1
       Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                       1/1


(4)   Strategy Committee
      The Strategy Committee currently comprises four members including:

      Mr. LI Huagang;
      Mr. LI Shipeng;
      Mr. WU Qi; and
      Mr. GONG Wei

      The Strategy Committee is chaired by Mr. LI Huagang.

      The purpose of the Strategy Committee shall be to prepare recommendations for the Board in fulfilling
      its responsibilities relating to the study of the Company’s long-term development strategy, major
      investment decisions and shareholders’ return plan.
96   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (4)   Strategy Committee (continued)
           The primary responsibilities and authorities of the Strategy Committee include:

           (I)      to study the Company’s long-term development strategy plans and make recommendations;

           (II)     to study major investment and financing programs which requires to be approved by the Board
                    of Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

           (III)    to study major capital operation and assets management projects which requires to be approved
                    by the Board of Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

           (IV)     to study shareholders’ return plan of the Company and make recommendations;

           (V)      to study other important matters affecting the Company’s development and make
                    recommendations;

           (VI)     to review the implementation of the above matters;

           (VII)    to handle other matters as authorized by the Board.

           During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Strategy Committee held three meetings. At the
           meetings, members of the Strategy Committee have discussed the shareholders’ return plan for the
           forthcoming three years (from 2024 to 2026); reviewed a capital expenditure project (air conditioner
           production facilities); reviewed the connected transaction on entering into a voting right entrustment
           agreement (in relation to Goodaymart Logistic); and reviewed the status of execution of the Company’s
           development strategy, and made recommendations to the Board.

           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Strategy Committee during the year
           ended 31 December 2024:


                                                                                                No. of Strategy
                                                                                             Committee meetings
                                                                                                 attended/held


                 Executive Directors:
                 Mr. LI Huagang                                                                             3/3
                 Mr. GONG Wei                                                                               3/3

                 INEDs:
                 Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                             3/3
                 Mr. WU Qi                                                                                  3/3
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   97

                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(5)   Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
      The Company has established the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (“ESG
      Committee”) to better implement the ecological brand strategy of the Company in the age of the
      Internet of Things, integrate the idea of “Social, Environmental and Corporate Governance” into the
      corporate strategy, promote sustainable development, generate long-term value for all stakeholders and
      build a green, intelligent and mutual beneficial ecosystem of the Internet of Things.

      The ESG Committee currently comprises three members including:

      Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun;
      Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun; and
      Mr. GONG Wei

      Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun serves as the chairwoman of the ESG Committee.

      The ESG Committee serves as the specific working body for evaluating the Company’s working
      progress on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities and the risks and
      opportunities it faces, reviewing the framework of ESG management structure, and for formulating the
      Company’s ESG vision, goals and strategies.

      The ESG Committee strives to improve and enhance the Company’s capabilities of managing
      environment and social responsibilities, and to promote the sustainable development of the Company.
      The ESG Committee also promotes the ESG risk management practices and internal control
      enhancements, and provides direction for the work of the Company’s ESG task force.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the ESG Committee held three meetings. At the meeting,
      members of the ESG Committee have discussed and reviewed the Company’s 2023 ESG report for
      publication; discussed and reviewed the consultancy reports from professional advisers; discussed ESG
      goals, strategies and other related matters; and made recommendations to the Board.
98   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (5)   Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (continued)
           The following table shows the attendance of members of the ESG Committee during the year ended
           31 December 2024:


                                                                                                  No. of ESG
                                                                                          Committee meetings
                                                                                              attended/held


              Executive Director:
              Mr. GONG Wei                                                                                   3/3

              Non-executive Director:
              Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                                                                             3/3

              INED:
              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                              3/3


     Corporate Governance Function
     The primary corporate governance duties of the Board are to develop and review the Company’s policies
     and practices on corporate governance; to review and monitor the training and continuous professional
     development of Directors and senior management; to review and monitor the Company’s policies and
     practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review and monitor the code of
     conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and to review the
     Company’s compliance with the code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

     During the year, the Board have developed and reviewed the Company’s corporate governance practices,
     including the review of the Company’s Articles of Association, terms of reference of the various board
     committees, and various internal policies and rules based on the recent changes of regulatory requirements.
     The Board also reviewed the process in upgrading the internal controls and risk management.

     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company’s communication policy for shareholders is summarized as follows:

     The Company follows a policy of disclosing relevant information to shareholders and the investment
     community in a timely manner, and will regularly review this policy to ensure its effectiveness. Information
     shall be communicated to shareholders and the investment community mainly through the Company’s
     quarterly, interim and annual financial reports, and general meetings that may be convened, as well as by
     making available all the disclosures submitted to the stock exchanges where the securities are listed, and its
     corporate communications and other corporate publications on the Company’s website.
                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   99

                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
(continued)
Effective and timely dissemination of information to shareholders and the investment community shall be
ensured at all times. Shareholders and the investment community may at any time, e.g. at the investors
meetings and discussions or via enquiry emails, etc., express their views or make a request for the
Company’s information to the extent such information is publicly available.

The Company’s website provides comprehensive and updated information about the Company, including our
financial results, announcements, circulars, composition of the Board or Board Committees and their
respective terms of reference, and other corporate documents such as the articles of the Company.

The annual general meeting (“AGM”) provides an opportunity for communication between the Board and the
Company’s shareholders. The Company ensures that shareholders’ views are communicated to the Board.
The chairman of the AGM proposes separate resolutions for each issue to be considered. Circulars to
Shareholders provide information on matters that require to be brought to the attention or action of
shareholders, such as appointments of Directors, amendments to the articles of the Company, matters
relating to poll voting at the AGM, etc.

AGM proceedings are reviewed from time to time and revised (if needed) to ensure that the Company
follows the best corporate governance practices.

The Company has reviewed the implementation of the shareholders’ communication policy conducted during
the year ended 31 December 2024 and considered it effective based on the following achievements:

It is the Company’s practice to provide an explanation to shareholders of the details of the voting by poll
procedures in the general meetings in accordance with the Articles of Association and the relevant listing
rules of the places where it securities are listed. The poll results of the general meetings are also published
on the websites of the Company and/or of the stock exchanges where the securities are listed. The Board
regards general meetings as one of the principal channels of communication with our shareholders and the
Directors provide detailed and complete answers to questions raised by the shareholders in the general
meetings in accordance with the relevant rules and regulations.

The Board attaches great importance to investor relations management and provides a variety of
communication channels for investors. It maintains positive interaction with investors through annual investor
conferences, online collective reception day for investors, emails, on-site and online surveys and other
means to protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors. The management of the Company and its
investors had extensive exchanges on issues of concern to investors, such as corporate governance,
operating conditions, development plan and strategies, and ESG information, based on public information,
and received active participation from its investors.

In respect of information disclosure, to protect the interests of investors and other stakeholders, in particular
small and medium-sized shareholders, the Company strictly complied with the domestic and overseas
information disclosure regulatory requirements and fulfilled its information disclosure obligations. In addition to
providing high-quality mandatory information disclosure, the Company would provide voluntary disclosure of
key issues of concern to investors and the capital market when deemed necessary, such as those related to
corporate strategy and development, corporate governance matters, and ESG information. The Company
continues to enhance the disclosure, which have been highly rated by external organizations.
100   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Corporate Governance Report




      COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
      (continued)
      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company held five general meetings, including the AGM, one
      A-shares class meeting, one D-shares class meeting, one H-shares class meeting, and one extraordinary
      general meeting. In these general meetings and class meetings, various resolutions were passed.

      The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the general meetings held during the year
      ended 31 December 2024:


                                                                                                  No. of the
                                                                                           General meetings
                                                                                              attended/held


        Executive Directors:
        Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman)                                                                          5/5
        Mr. GONG Wei                                                                                       5/5

        Non-executive Directors:
        Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)                                                                    5/5
        Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                               5/5
        Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                                                                                 5/5

        INEDs:
        Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                  5/5
        Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                   5/5
        Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                     5/5
        Mr. WU Qi                                                                                          5/5


      Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 27 March 2024. During the year ended 31
      December 2024, there have been changes in the Company’s constitutional documents, principally for the
      Company to reflect the recent requirements of applicable domestic regulations and laws to improve the
      practice of our Company’s corporate governance, and the protections of shareholders’ rights and interests.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   101

                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Procedures by which Shareholders may convene a special general meeting
Shareholders requesting the convening of an extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting
shall proceed in accordance with the procedures set forth below:

(1)   Two or more shareholders who hold, in aggregate, 10% or more of the shares carrying the right to vote
      at the proposed meeting may sign one or several written requisitions of the same format and contents,
      requesting the Board of Directors to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class
      shareholders’ meeting. The agenda of the proposed meeting shall be stated therein. The Board of
      Directors shall convene the extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting responsively
      after receipt of the aforesaid written requisition(s). The number of the aforesaid shares shall be
      calculated as of the date on which the requisition(s) is/are made.

(2)   Where the Board of Directors gives consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting, a notice
      on convening of the extraordinary general meeting or the class shareholders’ meeting shall be issued
      within 5 days from such decision, and the changes made to the original request in the notice shall be
      approved by relevant shareholders.

(3)   Where the Board of Directors does not give consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting
      or does not issue a feedback within 10 days upon the receipt of the requisition(s), the shareholders
      holding 10% or more of the Company’s shares separately or in aggregate shall have the right to
      propose to the Board of Supervisors on convening of an extraordinary general meeting and such
      proposal shall be made to the Board of Supervisors in writing.

(4)   Where the Board of Supervisors gives consent for convening an extraordinary general meeting, a notice
      on convening of the extraordinary general meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon the receipt of the
      requisition(s) and the changes made to the original request in the notice shall be approved by relevant
      shareholders.

(5)   Where the Board of Supervisors fails to issue a notice of a shareholders’ general meeting within the
      stipulated period, the Board of Supervisors shall be deemed as not convening and chairing the
      shareholders’ general meeting, and the shareholders who hold 10% or more of the Company’s shares
      individually or jointly for 90 or more consecutive days may proceed to convene and chair a
      shareholders’ general meeting on their own initiative.

(6)   If the shareholders’ general meeting is convened by the Board of Supervisors or shareholders on their
      own, a written notice shall be issued to the Board of Directors, and such meeting shall be filed with
      the stock exchange of the place where the securities of the Company are listed.
102   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Corporate Governance Report




      SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
      Procedures by which Shareholders may convene a special general meeting (continued)
      (7)     Prior to the announcement of the resolutions passed by the shareholders’ general meeting, the
              shareholding percentage of the shareholders who convene the meeting shall not be less than 10%.
              Shareholders who convene the meeting shall publish an announcement no later than the issuance of
              notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and undertake that their shareholding percentage shall not
              be less than 10% during the period from the date of proposing the convening of the shareholders’
              general meeting to the convening date of the shareholders’ general meeting. The shareholders who
              convene the meeting shall submit the relevant supporting materials to the stock exchange of the place
              where the securities of the Company are listed at the time of the issuance of notice of the
              shareholders’ general meeting as well as of the announcement of the resolutions passed by such
              meeting.

      Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
      Shareholders may put forward enquiries to the Board through the Board Secretary, Company Secretary and
      the representative of our office in Germany who will direct the enquiries to the Board for handling. Such
      enquiries can be made by the following means:

      Mail:            Board Secretary
                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                       Board of Directors Building,
                       Haier Industrial Park,
                       1 Haier Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao City, the PRC

      Email:           finance@haier.com

      Mail:            Company Secretary
                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                       Unit 1908, 19/F, Harbour Centre,
                       25 Harbour Road Central,
                       Wan Chai, Hong Kong

      E-mail:          ir@haier.hk
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   103

                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures for putting forward proposals at a Shareholders’ meeting
When the Company decides to convene a shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board
of supervisors and shareholders severally or jointly holding 1% or more of the shares of the Company shall
be entitled to put forward proposals to the Company.

The shareholders severally or jointly holding 1% or more of the shares of the Company may raise interim
proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days prior to the convening of the shareholders’
general meeting. Where shareholders subject to the conditions as mentioned above raise interim proposals
before the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting, their shareholding proportions shall not be less
than 1% during the period from the date of the issuance of notice on proposals to the announcement of the
resolutions. The convener shall, within 2 days after the receipt of such proposals, issue a supplemental
notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the interim proposals.

Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director
When the Company needs to elect a director, the shareholders of the Company may nominate a person for
election as a director of the Company at the shareholders’ general meeting (including AGM and
extraordinary general meeting) to be convened then according to the Articles of Association of the Company
(“Articles of Association”).

1.   According to Clause 72 of the Articles of Association, the shareholders’ general meeting may exercise
     the following functions and powers: (II) to elect and replace directors and supervisors who are not
     employee representatives, and to decide on the remuneration matters of the relevant directors and
     supervisors; (X) to amend the Articles of Association and deliberate proposals put forward by
     shareholders who represent 1% or more of the Company’s voting shares.

2.   According to Clause 84 of the Articles of Association, when the Company decides to convene a
     shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and shareholders that
     severally or jointly hold 1% or more of the shares of the Company shall be entitled to put forward
     proposals to the Company. The shareholders that severally or jointly hold more than 1% of the
     Company’s shares may raise interim proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days
     prior to the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting. The convener shall, within 2 days after the
     receipt of such proposals, issue a supplemental notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and
     announce the contents of the interim proposals.
104   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Corporate Governance Report




      SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
      Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director (continued)
      3.    According to Clause 89, Clause 120, Clause 129 and Clause 164 of the Articles of Association and the
            Independent Directors System, the election of directors and supervisors shall comply with the following
            provisions:

            (I)     The list of candidates for directors and supervisors shall be presented in the form of a proposal
                    at a shareholders’ general meeting for voting.

            (II)    Upon the expiration of the term of office of the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors or
                    in need of replacement of directors or supervisors due to vacancies within the Board of Directors
                    or the Board of Supervisors, the shareholders, individually or jointly, holding 3% or more of the
                    total number of the outstanding shares with voting rights of the Company may recommend
                    candidates for directors or supervisors to the Board of Directors in writing. Upon the Board of
                    Directors’ or the Board of Supervisors’ review and examination, if the candidates comply with the
                    provisions by law and the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors or the Board of
                    Supervisors shall submit the candidate list, curriculum vitae and basic information in the form of
                    a proposal to the shareholders’ general meeting for deliberation and election. Upon the expiration
                    of the term of office of the Board of Supervisors or in need of replacement of supervisors due to
                    vacancies within the Board of Supervisors, supervisors previously held by the employee
                    representatives of the Company shall still be replaced or by-elected through democratic election
                    among the Company’s staff and workers.

            (III)   Where a shareholders’ general meeting proposes to discuss election matters of directors and
                    supervisors, the notice of the shareholders’ general meeting shall fully disclose the detailed
                    information of the proposed candidates for directors and supervisors.

            (IV)    The Company’s Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors and shareholders who hold 1% or more
                    of the issued shares of the Company, individually or jointly, may nominate candidates for
                    independent directors, who will be decided through election by the shareholders’ general
                    meeting. The nominator shall be fully aware of such details of the nominee as occupation,
                    educational background, title, work experience, all concurrent positions and whether having any
                    bad conduct records such as material breach of integrity etc. The nominator shall prudently verify
                    whether the nominee meets the conditions and qualifications for appointment, the ability to
                    perform the duties of the office, and whether there are any circumstances affecting his/her
                    independence, and shall make a declaration and an undertaking in respect of the results of such
                    verification. The nominee shall make declarations and undertakings as to whether they comply
                    with the laws and regulations and the relevant requirements of the stock exchange in respect of
                    the conditions of office, qualifications for office and independence of independent director.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   105

                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director (continued)
3.   According to Clause 84, Clause 120, Clause 129 and Clause 164 of the Articles of Association and the
     Independent Directors System, the election of directors and supervisors shall comply with the following
     provisions: (continued)

     (V)    When a shareholders’ general meeting votes on the election of directors and supervisors, the
            cumulative voting method may be implemented pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of
            Association or the resolution of a shareholders’ general meeting. The cumulative voting system
            referred to in the preceding paragraph shall mean that when a shareholders’ general meeting
            elects directors or supervisors, each share shall have the same number of voting rights as the
            number of directors or supervisors to be elected and the voting rights held by a shareholder may
            be used together. The Board of Directors shall announce the curriculum vitae and basic
            information of candidates for directors and supervisors to the shareholders before the holding of
            the shareholders’ general meeting.

     (VI)   Where the shareholders’ general meeting has passed the proposal on the election of the relevant
            directors and supervisors, the newly-elected directors and supervisors shall take office on the
            date when the resolution is passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, unless otherwise
            resolved by the shareholders’ general meeting.

INSURANCE
The Group has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to indemnify the Directors and
senior staff of the Group for their potential liabilities incurred by them in discharging their duties. The Group
reviews the insurance coverage for the Directors and the Group’s senior staff on an annual basis.

POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
The Company has implemented a proactive and flexible dividend policy. Future profit distributions may be
carried out in the form of cash dividends or stock dividends or by interim cash profit distributions. The
dividend policy shall maintain consistency and stability. In case that the legal conditions as mentioned below
for both cash dividends and stock dividends are satisfied, cash dividends shall prevail.

The Company’s dividend policy shall be determined by the Board of Directors based on the business
development and performance of our Company and will be subject to the approval of the shareholders’
general meeting.

Subject to the satisfaction of conditions for cash dividend distribution provided in the PRC Company Law,
the Company shall in principle pay cash dividend once each fiscal year. The Board of Directors may
propose to pay an interim profit distribution depending on the profitability and capital reserve of our
Company. In addition, the Board of Directors may put forward a stock dividend distribution proposal in
addition to cash dividend after considering factors such as our Company’s performance, share price, share
capital scale and debt structure.
106   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Corporate Governance Report




      POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS (continued)
      The Company expects that, in the future, the principal source of profits for the payment of dividends will be
      income from its operating business, and dividends and other payments received from current and future
      direct and indirect subsidiaries. The determination of each subsidiary’s ability to pay dividends is subject to
      applicable law.

      On the basis of the unconsolidated financial statements of the Company and subject to PRC law, the
      Articles of Association and the Company’s capital needs for normal production and operation, planned
      investments and other significant capital outlays, the annual cash dividends shall, in principle, account for at
      least 20%, and contingent upon each year’s performance, not less than 15% of the Company’s net profits
      for the prior fiscal year which are available for distribution and attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
      the Company, calculated in accordance with PRC GAAP.

      After the completion of the Privatisation Proposal of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. and with the
      improvement in the efficiency of capital use and operating capacity, the Company plans to gradually
      increase the dividend rate to 33%, 36% and 40% for 2021, 2022 and 2023 to enhance the return of all
      shareholders.

      From 2024 to 2026, the proportion of dividend to profit (consolidated profit attributable to owners of the
      Company) to be distributed in cash each year shall be gradually increased. In 2025 and 2026, the
      proportion of cash dividends shall not be less than 50% of the net profit.

      ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
      The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing financial statements of the Group in accordance
      with relevant statutory requirements and generally accepted accounting principles and ensuring that the
      financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position. In preparing the financial
      statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024, the Directors have adopted suitable
      accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent and
      reasonable; and prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.

      The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the
      Independent Auditor’s Report of this Annual Report.

      The Board aims to present a comprehensive, balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
      development and prospects in all corporate communications, including but not limited to annual, interim and
      quarterly reports, any price sensitive announcements and financial disclosures required under the relevant
      listing rules of the places where its securities are listed and other regulations, any reports to regulators as
      well as to information required to be disclosed pursuant to other statutory requirements.

      RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
      The Group is committed to implementing and maintaining effective risk management and internal controls
      procedures to identify and manage the risks faced by the Group, as well as to safeguard the interests of the
      Group and our shareholders as a whole. The Board would ensure that adequate resources and management
      attention will be devoted to strengthen its internal controls and risk management procedures.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   107

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
The Board is responsible for overseeing adequate internal controls and risk management procedures in the
Group, reviewing their effectiveness on an on-going basis, and ensuring the Management has clearly defined
the authorities and key responsibilities of each business and operational unit for adequate checks and
balances.

The Board has delegated to the Management the design, implementation and monitoring of the Group’s risk
management and internal control systems covering all material aspects, including financial, operational, ESG,
information security, risk management functions and in compliance with all relevant regulations. Such
systems are designed to manage the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and provide reasonable,
but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Board is also responsible for ensuring that the Management has discharged its duty to have an effective
internal control system in terms of the adequacy of resources, qualification and experience of staff of the
Company’s finance reporting and internal audit functions, as well as these relating to the Company’s ESG
performance and reporting and their training programme and budget.

Control Environment
—    Risk awareness and control responsibility are built into the company culture and are regarded as the
     foundation of risk management and internal control systems;

—    An effective internal audit function is maintained which is independent from operational management;

—    Whistleblowing Guideline of the Company is in place.

Internal Auditing Function
In response to the broadening of the Group’s scope of business activities and the increase in geographical
locations in which it operates, to face the challenges of the fast growing trend of new business and the
related financial and operational risks, the Group has continuously strengthened the functions of its Internal
Audit Department. It provides independent and objective assurance, and consulting activity designed to add
value and improve Company’s operations. It helps the Group in accomplishing its objectives by bringing a
systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and
governance processes.

The Internal Audit Department also provides independent and reasonably assurance that the internal controls
system is effective and efficient. In order to carry out its functions, the Internal Audit Department is given
unrestricted access to all business operations and personnel, all business files and accounting records. The
head of the Department reports directly and regularly to the Audit Committee and CEO respectively on the
findings of audit matters. The work schedule of the Internal Audit Department is based on an annual audit
program reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee.
108   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Corporate Governance Report




      RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
      Risk Management
      An enterprise-wide risk assessment with the Management and key-process owners had been institutionalised
      to identify major risks of all levels and to review the effectiveness of the key controls and mechanisms in
      place. It is intended that the risk management framework would be able to raise risk-awareness within senior
      management such that a safeguarding culture of the Group’s business and assets is to be developed and
      implemented.

      The Internal Audit Department of the Company plays a significant role in the risk management execution.
      Major risks of all levels facing the Group are identified and evaluated, and the management ultimately
      reviewed the identification and evaluation of these risks. Based on these procedures, mitigation measures
      and plans with respect to each key risk identified are developed and implemented, which include
      establishing or enhancing internal controls, with regular review and update so as to mitigate the risks to
      controllable range. The process of the work performed are reported regularly to the Audit Committee and
      the Board on their scheduled meetings.

      Control Process
      The Company recognizes that the assessment of the internal control system is an on-going process, and
      management enhancements are required to address deficiencies in internal controls over operations,
      compliance on regulations including listing rules of the places where the securities are listed, and financial
      and non-financial reporting.

      There is a clearly-defined management structure with specified authority limits and segregated responsibilities
      to achieve business control objectives and safeguard of assets. Guidelines and approval limits for operating
      and capital expenditures are set clearly in advance, with division of operations and with financial personnel
      responsible for the different approval processes. An internal budget system as well as expense system have
      been used to enhance the controls and effectiveness embedded in the approval process. Detective controls
      are also in place as safeguards on business and operational processes.

      The Internal Audit Department establishes an annual internal control review plan for major internal control
      systems covering areas including operational control, financial control, compliance control (including review of
      controls on continuing connected transactions), and information security. The review tasks on various
      internal controls are prioritized in accordance with the risk level assessed, or where significant changes have
      been taken place, or where new businesses have been set up.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Internal Audit Department has conducted a review of the
      effectiveness of Group’s internal control procedures on the major business and operational processes.
      Findings and recommendations for further improvements have been reported to the Audit Committee as well
      as Board. Such recommendations have been or are being implemented by the Management with regular
      review.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   109

                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
Review of Control Effectiveness
The Audit Committee reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems by
reviewing the internal control assessment report of the Internal Audit Department at lease twice in a year.
The Board has, through the Audit Committee, reviewed and considered that for the year ended 31
December 2024, the Group’s risk management and internal control systems were effective and adequate.

As part of the audit of the financial statements, the external auditors have issued their standard unqualified
report on their audit of the Company’s internal control on financial reporting system.

Inside Information
The Company has adopted the following procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination
of inside information:

(i)     the Company keeps updated on the obligations under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, the
        applicable listing rules and other statutory regulations with regard to the timely and proper disclosure
        of inside information and authorizes the disclosure through the publication of announcements as
        required;

(ii)    the Company implemented an Inside Information Disclosure Policy which the Company’s spokespersons
        have to strictly follow in communicating with the public;

(iii)   the Company adopted a Model Code for securities transactions by Directors, and by employees who
        are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company on no less exacting
        terms than that for the Directors; and

(iv)    the Company included in the employee conduct code that unauthorised uses of confidential and inside
        information are strictly prohibited.

ANTI-CORRUPTION
Haier Smart Home strictly complies with the laws and regulations in China and other overseas places of
operations related to anti-bribery, anti-fraud, anti-extortion and anti-money laundering. The Company has
formulated and strictly implemented the Code of Commercial Conduct of Haier Group, the Anti-fraud
Regulations, the Employee Code of Conduct of Haier Smart Home, the Management Policy of Black List of
suppliers and other related policies in the world. The Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and
supervising the Company’s policies and measures that are related to compliance of laws and regulations.

The Company has set up an anti-fraud working committee in 2022 comprising of staff of internal control,
legal and various business lines to perform anti-corruption and anti-malpractice tasks, actively promoted the
development and implementation of anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and other systems related to
commercial ethics. The working committee regularly identifies commercial ethics risks, so as to carry out
specialised anti-corruption audits and report to and are monitored by the Board of Directors and the Audit
Committee, and strive to create an honest and ethical business environment.
110   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Corporate Governance Report




      ANTI-CORRUPTION (continued)
      The Company continues to optimize the Anti-fraud Regulations, improve the functions of each department in
      the audit of anti-corruption, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering, strengthen the early risk management, put
      forward the requirement to strengthen self-detection capabilities, and upgrade the internal control system
      and the measures to promote anti-fraud, as well as further enhance risk identification. Meanwhile, the
      Company applies big data cloud monitoring system to conduct early risk warning and investigation, regularly
      identify and sort out fraud risks at all levels of the Company, including factories, industries and platforms,
      identify risks in business scenarios through risk audits, and facilitate governance and mitigation of risks
      through establishing various mechanisms.

      REMUNERATION OF EXTERNAL AUDITORS
      The domestic and overseas auditors of the Company for 2024 were Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP
      and HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the annual audit fees and non-audit fee payable/paid by the
      Group to Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP was RMB6.55 million and RMB2.23 million, respectively.
      The non-audit services mainly included internal control review service.

      The audit fees and non-audit fee payable/paid by the Group to HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited were
      RMB3.74 million and RMB0.15 million, respectively. The non-audit services mainly included review of the
      continuing connected transactions.




      27 March 2025
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   111

                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended
31 December 2024.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to be engaged in smart home business in
China and overseas, evolving around a comprehensive portfolio of home appliances established over the
years, covering primarily refrigeration appliances, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances and
water appliances, with value-added consumer services. There was no significant changes in the nature of the
Group’s principal activities during the year. The principal activities of the Company also includes investment
holding.

Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance,
including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group and an indication of the
Group’s likely future developments, can be found in the Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Business
Review and Financial Review set out on pages 5 to 13 and 22 to 80 of this Annual Report. Such
information forms part of the Report of The Directors.

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 and the Group’s financial position as at that date
are set out in the financial statements on pages 159 to 311.

The Directors of the Company recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December
2024 of RMB9.65 (2023: RMB8.0131 (adjusted)) in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax).

SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
appropriate, is set out on page 312. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment, and investment properties of the Group during
the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in notes 14 and 15 to the financial statements, respectively.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out
in note 36 to the financial statements.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions in the relevant PRC laws and the Company’s Articles of Association for granting
pre-emptive rights to the Company’s existing shareholders.
112   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
      COMPANY
      Repurchases of H-Shares
      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased certain of its ordinary H-Shares on
      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and these shares were subsequently cancelled by the Company.
      The summary details of those transactions are as follows:


                                                   Number of
                                                    H-Shares         Price per share              Total price
        Month                                    repurchased      Highest          Lowest                paid
                                                                     HK$             HK$              HK$’M


        September 2024                                1,150,000     23.80              23.2             27.00


      The issued capital H-Shares of the Company was reduced by the par value thereof. The premium paid on
      the repurchases of the Company’s H-Shares of RMB23 million has been charged to the share premium
      account of the Company. The repurchase of the Company’s H-Shares during the year was effected by the
      Directors, pursuant to the mandate from shareholders sought at the annual general meeting and the class
      meetings held on 20 June 2024 regarding the repurchases of H-Shares.

      The Directors made the repurchases when the H-Shares were trading at a discount to their underlying value
      so as to flexibly adjust the capital structure of the Company based on market conditions. It would be
      beneficial to the Company’s shareholders who retain their investment in the Company as their proportionate
      interest in the assets and earnings of the Company would increase in proportion to the number of H-Shares
      repurchased by the Company.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   113

                                                                                 Report of the Directors




PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY (continued)
Repurchases of A-Shares
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased certain of its ordinary A-Shares on
The Shanghai Stock Exchange. The summary details of those transactions are as follows:


                                    Number of
                                      A-Share                Price per share                    Total price
 Months                           repurchased             Highest          Lowest                      paid
                                                             RMB             RMB                   RMB’M


 January 2024                        5,406,200              22.74               21.15                 118.07
 February 2024                      10,536,828              24.15               22.28                 247.72
 March 2024                          4,139,014              24.96               23.78                 100.78


                                    20,082,042                                                        466.57


The repurchases of the Company’s A-Shares during the year was effected by the Directors, pursuant to a
board resolution passed on 27 April 2023 regarding the repurchase of A-Shares. The A-shares repurchased
will be used in the Company’s share incentive plans.

A total of 20,082,042 A-Share were repurchased during the year but not yet cancelled, and will be used in
other share incentive plans of the Company.

During the year, 54,051,559 A-Share treasury shares were cancelled in September 2024 in accordance with
a resolution passed at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company. As at 31 December 2024, the
Company held a total of 59,919,870 A-Share treasury shares and will be used in other share incentive
plans.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any
of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) during the year ended 31 December
2024.

Saved as disclosed above, there were no treasury shares held by the Company as at 31 December 2024.

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in note 49
to the financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.
114   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
      At 31 December 2024, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the
      provisions of the Company Law of the PRC, amounted to approximately RMB9.69 billion, of which RMB9
      billion has been proposed as a final dividend for the year.

      ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
      The Board of Directors is the highest responsible and decision-making body for ESG matters of the
      Company. Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (ESG Committee) is to assist the Board with
      ESG governance and information disclosure issues. The Board regularly assesses, prioritizes and manages
      ESG issues (including risks and materiality to the Company’s business). It also regularly reviews the results
      of the assessment, identifies ESG issues material to the Company’s development, be aware of management
      actions and recommendations taken.

      The Company has established effective ESG strategies and continuously explores ways to enhance ESG
      performance. The Board regularly reviews these strategies to ensure alignment with the Company’s business
      development strategy. The ESG Executive Working Group, comprising senior executives from various
      departments, regularly reports on internal ESG matters to the ESG Committee, implements the Company’s
      ESG policies, and provides recommendations.

      The Company has established multi-dimensional ESG goals linked to business operations, balancing ESG
      goals with business objectives. The Board has reviewed and discussed these goals and regularly monitors
      progress. During this reporting year, all ESG work objectives have achieved planned progress.

      Throughout the year, the Board has continued to monitor the latest ESG regulatory requirements and trends
      both domestically and internationally. These latest requirements, such as the disclosure of
      sustainability-related financial information and climate-related disclosures etc., further standardize
      sustainability disclosure requirements for listed companies. To address these regulatory requirements and
      enhance ESG performance, the Board has actively undertaken preparatory work, including relevant general
      training, organizing discussions and research, and developing action plans.

      Since joining the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), we have closely integrated our ESG strategy with
      the practice of the United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), committing to uphold
      the Ten Principles of the Global Compact grounded on United Nations Conventions, and continuously
      achieving ESG leadership.

      For Haier Smart Home, ESG serves as an important guide in achieving high-quality and sustainable
      development. During the year, the Company further enhanced our ESG strategy framework based on our
      business characteristics and industry context. We established five key pillars and future actions, using them
      as a roadmap to actively engage in sustainable development. Aligned with the core pillars of our ESG
      strategy, we have updated ESG targets for the next 1 to 3 years and are taking proactive steps to facilitate
      their achievement.

      Further discussions on above are in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which are issued
      separately.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   115

                                                                                     Report of the Directors




COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
The Board is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with
legal and regulatory requirements, with the assistance of the Internal Audit Department, the Legal
Department and the Board Secretary office of the Company. The Company has in place compliance
procedures to ensure adherence to the laws and regulations that are relevant to the Group.

We are of the view that, the Group had complied, in all material respects, with all relevant laws and
regulations in the jurisdictions we operate in during the year. Particularly, our business operated in the PRC
territory complied with relevant PRC laws and regulations in all material respects, and no material
administrative penalties imposed on us have been found that may have a material adverse effect on our
Group’s business operations. We have cultivated a culture of compliance by implementing various measures
and processes to ensure that the behaviour of our employees meets compliance requirements and our
compliance culture is embedded into our everyday workflow.

The Group’s staff are regularly briefed and updated from time to time on the relevant changes in laws and
regulations so as to enhance their awareness of compliance obligations.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
In the year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of the
total sales for the year. Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of
the total purchases for the year.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, Haier Group Corporation, the substantial shareholders of the
Company, had beneficial interests in one of the Group’s five largest suppliers.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders of the
Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued
share capital had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.
116   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      DIRECTORS
      The Directors of the Company during the year were:

      Executive directors:                                 Independent Non-executive directors:
      Mr. LI Huagang                                       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
       (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)              Mr. WONG Hak Kun
      Mr. GONG Wei                                         Mr. LI Shipeng
                                                           Mr. WU Qi
      Non-executive directors:
      Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)
      Mr. YU Hon To, David
      Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun

      These nine Directors compose the 11th session of the Board of the Company. The term of the 11th session
      of the Board of the Company would be three years. The term of office for each Director has been effective
      upon the consideration and approval at the annual general meeting of the Company convened on 28 June
      2022. Each of the Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company.

      The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of Mr. CHIEN Da-chun,
      Mr. WONG Hak Kun, Mr. LI Shipeng and Mr. WU Qi, and as at the date of this report, the Board still
      considers them independent on the basis of such confirmations.

      DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
      BIOGRAPHIES
      Biographical details of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company and the senior management of the
      Group are set out on pages 14 to 21 of the annual report.

      CHANGES OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
      There is no changes of Directors’ information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
      Listing Rules since the publish of the Company’s 2024 interim report.

      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
      During the year, no Director or Supervisors had a service contract with the Company or any of its
      subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation,
      other than statutory compensation.

      PERMITTED INDEMNITY
      A Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance is in place to protect the Directors and officers of the Group
      against any potential liability arising from the Group’s activities which such directors and officers may be
      held liable.
                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   117

                                                                                        Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The Directors’ fees are subject to shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are
determined by the Company’s Board with reference to Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance
and the results of the Group.

Details of directors’ remuneration are set out in notes 8 and 13 to the financial statements.

As authorized by the shareholders of the Company at the 2023 AGM, the Board adjusted the allowances of
the Non-executive Directors from RMB320,000 per year before tax to the following:

The remuneration of non-executive Directors consists of three components: fixed remuneration, service
compensation and floating allowances:

i)     Fixed remuneration: RMB360,000 per year before tax.

ii)    Service compensation: depending on the non-executive Directors’ positions on the relevant special
       committees, the allowance before tax for chairman of the relevant special committees is RMB30,000
       each year, the allowance before tax for member of the relevant special committees is RMB20,000 each
       year, if he/she serves as the chairman/chairlady or member of more than one committee, the
       allowance amount can be calculated cumulatively and paid based on the annual performance
       assessment.

iii)   Floating allowance: Allowances for non-executive Directors’ on-site participations in the general meetings,
       the Board meetings, relevant special committee meetings, researches are standardized at RMB5,000/
       person/day. In addition, the travel expenses for attending Board meetings and general meetings and
       fees incurred reasonably in the performance of their duties under the articles of the associations of the
       Company by non-executive Directors are reimbursed as expensed.

The non-executive Directors who have labor contractual relationships with Haier Group Corporation and its
subsidiaries do not receive Directors’ remuneration from the Company.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, no director or supervisor nor a
connected entity of a director or supervisor had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company,
the holding companies of the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a
party during the year.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, none of the Directors is interested in any
businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
Group.
118   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
      CEO IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
      At 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive in
      the share capital and underlying shares (“Share(s)”) of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
      meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register
      required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
      Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or
      pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, were as follows:

      Long positions in shares of the Company:


                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                          Approximate percentage* of
                                                                                                        percentage* of shareholding
                                                                                                          shareholding interest in the
                                                                                                        interest in the    total share
                                                       Class of          Number of Nature of            relevant class capital of the
          Names                Positions               Shares held      Shares held interest                 of Shares       Company


          Mr. LI Huagang       Chairman of the         A Share             1,050,444 Beneficial owner          0.0168%           0.0112%
                                 Board, Executive      H Share               812,145 Beneficial owner          0.0284%           0.0087%
                                 Director and CEO

          Mr. GONG Wei         Executive Director,  A Share                2,072,527 Beneficial owner          0.0331%           0.0221%
                                 Vice President and
                                 Chief Financial
                                 Officer

          Ms. SHAO Xinzhi      Vice Chairman of the    A Share                25,457 Beneficial owner          0.0004%           0.0003%
                                  Board, Non-          H Share             1,045,056 Beneficial owner          0.0366%           0.0111%
                                  executive Director

          Mr. YU Hon To,       Non-executive           H Share               810,000 Beneficial owner          0.0283%           0.0086%
            David                Director

          Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun Non-executive             H Share               355,200 Beneficial owner          0.0124%           0.0038%
                               Director

          Mr. LIU Dalin        Chairman of the Board A Share                  68,391 Beneficial owner          0.0011%           0.0007%
                                 of Supervisors      H Share                  21,355 Beneficial owner          0.0007%           0.0002%

          Mr. YU Miao          Supervisor              A Share                13,648 Beneficial owner          0.0002%           0.0001%

      *       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2024 totalling 9,382,913,334
              comprise 6,254,501,095 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,857,398,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.66%, 2.89%
              and 30.45% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.
                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024    119

                                                                                                      Report of the Directors




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
CEO IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
Long positions in shares of the Company: (continued)

Apart from above, the following Directors, Supervisors and CEO are also the grantees of the A Share ESOP
and H Share ESOP of the Company:

                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                            Number of        percentage* of         shareholding
                                                                           outstanding          shareholding      interest in the
                                                                        shares of ESOP        interest in the         total share
                                                         Class of              (Year of       relevant class       capital of the
    Names                      Positions                 Shares                granted)            of Shares            Company

    Mr. LI Huagang             Chairman of the           A Share          48,282 (2022)              0.0008%              0.0005%
                                 Board, Executive                        158,899 (2023)              0.0025%              0.0017%
                                 Director and CEO                        282,743 (2024)              0.0045%              0.0030%
                                                         H Share          54,143 (2022)              0.0019%              0.0006%
                                                                         163,921 (2023)              0.0057%              0.0017%
                                                                         285,268 (2024)              0.0100%              0.0030%
                                                                        322,886 (vested)             0.0113%              0.0034%

    Mr. GONG Wei               Executive Director,       A Share          25,966 (2022)              0.0004%              0.0003%
                                 Vice President and                       78,331 (2023)              0.0013%              0.0008%
                                 Chief Financial                         111,504 (2024)              0.0018%              0.0012%
                                 Officer                 H Share          29,119 (2022)              0.0010%              0.0003%
                                                                          80,807 (2023)              0.0028%              0.0009%
                                                                         112,500 (2024)              0.0039%              0.0012%
                                                                        180,360 (vested)             0.0063%              0.0019%

    Ms. SHAO Xinzhi            Vice Chairman of the      A Share          79,450 (2023)              0.0013%              0.0008%
                                  Board, Non-                            104,535 (2024)              0.0017%              0.0011%
                                  executive Director     H Share          81,961 (2023)              0.0029%              0.0009%
                                                                         105,469 (2024)              0.0037%              0.0011%
                                                                         26,262 (vested)             0.0009%              0.0003%

    Mr. LIU Dalin              Chairman of the Board A Share               10,042 (2022)             0.0002%              0.0001%
                                 of Supervisors                            37,833 (2023)             0.0006%              0.0004%
                                                                           49,779 (2024)             0.0008%              0.0005%

    Mr. YU Miao                Supervisor                A Share            1,838 (2022)             0.0000%              0.0000%
                                                                           12,634 (2023)             0.0002%              0.0001%
                                                                           16,593 (2024)             0.0003%              0.0002%

*       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2024 totalling 9,382,913,334
        comprise 6,254,501,095 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,857,398,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.66%, 2.89%
        and 30.45% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.
120   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
      CEO IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Long positions in shares of the Company: (continued)

      On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with a placing agent for a placing of
      new H Shares of the Company under general mandate. A total of 41,413,600 H Shares have been placed to
      five placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected
      with the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price is HK$28.00 per H Share. The following
      directors and supervisor of the Company have invested indirectly in the structured notes issued by Golden
      Sunflower, one of the placees, through the trusts and asset management schemes. The details of their
      capital contribution remaining as at 31 December 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                      Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                                   percentage* of         shareholding
                                                                 Amount               Relevant        shareholding      interest in the
                                                              contributed           number of       interest in the         total share
                                                                 (In HK$             placing H      relevant class       capital of the
          Name                    Positions                       million)              shares           of Shares            Company


          Mr. LI Huagang          Chairman of the                      7.34            262,122             0.0092%              0.0028%
                                    Board, Executive
                                    Director and CEO

          Mr. GONG Wei            Executive Director,                  3.67            131,061             0.0046%              0.0014%
                                    Vice President and
                                    Chief Financial
                                    Officer

          Ms. SHAO Xinzhi         Vice Chairman of the                 7.34            262,122             0.0092%              0.0028%
                                     Board, Non-
                                     executive Director

          Mr. LIU Dalin           Supervisor                           2.44              87,314            0.0031%              0.0009%

      *       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2024 totalling 9,382,913,334
              comprise 6,254,501,095 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,857,398,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.66%, 2.89%
              and 30.45% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.
                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024     121

                                                                                                      Report of the Directors




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
CEO IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
Long positions in underlying shares of the Company pursuant to share options:


                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                Approximate percentage* of
                                                                                             percentage* of    shareholding
                                                                                                shareholding interest in the
                                                                             Number of        interest in the    total share
                                                                          share options       relevant class  capital of the
                                                                           granted and       of Shares upon Company upon
                                                         Class of               not yet          exercise of    exercise of
    Names                     Positions                  Shares               exercised        share options  share options


    Mr. LI Huagang            Chairman of the            A Share                  365,576             0.0058%              0.0039%
                                Board, Executive
                                Director and CEO

    Mr. GONG Wei              Executive Director,        A Share                  182,788             0.0029%              0.0019%
                                Vice President and
                                Chief Financial
                                Officer

Note: The exercise price of each of the above A Share options is RMB25.63 for subscription of one share. The exercisable period is from
      15 September 2022 to 15 September 2027.


*      The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2024 totalling 9,382,913,334
       comprise 6,254,501,095 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,857,398,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.66%, 2.89%
       and 30.45% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors and chief executive had any
interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporation
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers.
122   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme
      The Company adopted the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025), the H Share
      Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025) and the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme
      (RSU) at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2021 (“2020 AGM”).

      It is expected that relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside within Mainland China will mainly be
      covered by the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, while relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside
      outside Mainland China will mainly be covered by the RSU Scheme. The scheme shares for A Share and H
      Share ESOPs and RSU Scheme are funded by existing shares of the Company.

      The A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme are designed to provide incentive to middle and senior
      management and core employees with the Company’s two to three-year profit target, and business unit and
      individual performance target as the main appraisal benchmarks. There is no consideration to be paid by the
      participants for the shares awarded under the A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme, which aligns
      with the purpose of the share aware scheme to attract and retain the services of directors and employees.

      Pursuant to the authorisation sought at the 2020 AGM, the Board has the sole discretion of determining the
      list of employees entitled to participate in the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP and the allocation for
      subsequent phases. The decision would be based on the rules of the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP,
      changes in the workforce and performance assessment results, and are authorized to make adjustments.
      Also, the Board or its delegatee may, from time to time, select any eligible person to be a selected
      participant in accordance with the RSU Scheme Rules.

      A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP
      The purposes of the ESOP are to drive employees’ entrepreneurship and innovation with “Rendanheyi”; to
      enhance corporate governance mechanism and create shareholders’ value; and to attract talents and
      innovate the remuneration management system of the Company.

      Participants of the ESOP shall be the directors (except for independent directors), supervisors and senior
      officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries.

      With the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting, the board of directors shall have the right to decide on
      the establishment of an independent ESOP for each year from 2021 to 2025 based on the actual needs.
      The duration of each ESOP shall not exceed five years, calculated from the time when the Company
      announces that the underlying shares obtained in the last time for each year are recorded to the ESOP for
      that year. After the expiration of the duration, the ESOP shall be terminated, or may be extended after being
      approved by the board of directors with the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   123

                                                                                  Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP (continued)
The ESOP for each year shall be independent of each other, but the total number of shares held by each
established and existing ESOP (including A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP) shall not exceed 10% of the
total share capital of the Company, and the total number of shares corresponding to a single employee’s
share in the existing ESOPs shall not exceed 1% of the total amount of the Company’s share capital.

During the year, in order to improve the corporate governance mechanism, create value for shareholders and
promote the full implementation of the Company’s IoT smart home brand strategy, the Company introduced
the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2024) and the H Share Core Employees Ownership Plan
(2024) upon the approval at the 10th Meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Directors of the Company
convened on 29 April 2024, with the subsequent authorization at the 2023 AGM of the Company.

A Share ESOP (2022)
There were no more than 2,250 employees participating in the 2022 ESOP. The total amount of funds used
to participate in the 2022 ESOP was RMB680 million. There are 11 persons including directors, supervisors
and senior officers, with a total holding of RMB21.96 million, accounting for 3.2% of the 2022 ESOP. There
are 2,239 core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, with a total holding of
RMB658.04 million, accounting for 96.8% of the 2022 ESOP.

The source of shares of the 2022 ESOP were the repurchased A shares of the Company. The 2022 ESOP
established a lock-up period of 12 months from the date of disclosure of the announcement on completion
of transfer of the repurchased shares of the Company from the repurchase special account.

On 21 July 2022, 26,814,055 Shares (average purchase cost was RMB25.33 per share) held in the
“repurchase special account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.” were transferred to the designated account of
“Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2022)” through non-trading
transfer. The lock-up period is from 22 July 2022 to 21 July 2023.

After the end of the lock-up period, the participants shall be appraised according to the performance
appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two years, and upon the expiration of the lock-up
period of the 2022 ESOP, 40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested to the
participants in two phases. The specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee
upon the expiration of the lock-up period.
124   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      A Share ESOP (2023)
      There were no more than 2,400 employees participating in the 2023 ESOP. The total amount of funds used
      to participate in the 2023 ESOP was RMB565.50 million. There are 14 directors, supervisors and senior
      officers with a total holding of RMB31.42 million, accounting for 5.6% of the ESOP. There are 2,386 core
      technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, with a total holding of RMB534.08
      million, accounting for 94.4% of the ESOP.

      The source of shares for the ESOP were the repurchased shares of the Company in the repurchase special
      account. The 2023 ESOP established a lock-up period of 12 months from the date of disclosure of the
      announcement on completion of transfer of the repurchased shares of the Company from the repurchase
      special account.

      On 17 July 2023, 25,117,000 Shares (average purchase cost was RMB22.49 per share) held in the
      “repurchase special account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.” were transferred to the designated account of
      “Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2023)” through non-trading
      transfer. The lock-up period is from 19 July 2023 to 18 July 2024.

      After the end of the lock-up period of the 2023 ESOP, the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested
      to the participants in two phases (40% and 60% respectively). The specific vesting time shall be determined
      by the Management Committee after the end of the lock-up period.

      A Share ESOP (2024)
      There were no more than 2,366 employees participating in the 2024 ESOP. The total amount of funds used
      to participate in the 2024 ESOP was RMB706.5 million. There are 13 directors, supervisors and senior
      officers with a total holding of RMB34.59 million, accounting for 4.9% of the ESOP. There are 2,353 core
      technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, with a total holding of RMB671.91
      million, accounting for 95.1% of the ESOP.

      The source of shares for the ESOP were the repurchased shares of the Company in the repurchase special
      account. The 2024 ESOP established a lock-up period of 12 months from the date of disclosure of the
      announcement on completion of transfer of the repurchased shares of the Company from the repurchase
      special account.

      On 12 July 2024, 31,266,608 Shares (average purchase cost was RMB22.58 per share) held in the
      “repurchase special account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.” were transferred to the designated account of
      “Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2024)” through non-trading
      transfer. The lock-up period is from 13 July 2024 to 12 July 2025.

      After the end of the lock-up period of the 2024 ESOP, the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested
      to the participants in two phases (40% and 60% respectively). The specific vesting time shall be determined
      by the Management Committee after the end of the lock-up period.
                                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024              125

                                                                                                                      Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
The following table discloses movements in the A Share ESOPs during the year:

                                                                    Vested
                                              On      Granted       during    Cancelled     Lapsed              On
                                       1 January    during the    the year    during the     during    31 December    Date of grant of   Vesting period
    Name or category of Participants        2024          year       (Note)         year   the year           2024    A Share ESOP       for A Share ESOP

    Directors
    Mr. LI Huagang                        30,037           —            —        30,037          —              —     30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                         125,104           —        76,822           —           —          48,282    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                         212,811           —        53,912           —           —         158,899    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                              —       282,743           —            —           —         282,743    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026

                                         367,952      282,743      130,734       30,037          —         489,924

    Mr. GONG Wei                          18,195           —            —        18,195          —              —     30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                          67,193           —        41,227           —           —          25,966    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                         104,907           —        26,576           —           —          78,331    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                              —       111,504           —            —           —         111,504    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026

                                         190,295      111,504       67,803       18,195          —         215,801

    Ms. SHAO Xinzhi                      104,907           —        25,457            —          —          79,450    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                              —       104,535           —             —          —         104,535    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026

                                         104,907      104,535       25,457            —          —         183,985

    Subtotal                             663,154      498,782      223,994       48,232          —         889,710

    Supervisors*
    Mr. LIU Dalin                          6,500           —            —          6,500         —              —     30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                          29,634           —        19,592            —          —          10,042    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                          49,956           —        12,123            —          —          37,833    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                              —        49,779           —             —          —          49,779    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026

                                          86,090       49,779       31,715         6,500         —          97,654

    Mr. YU Miao                            1,461           —             —         1,461         —              —     30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                           5,032           —          3,194           —          —           1,838    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                          16,652           —          4,018           —          —          12,634    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                              —        16,593            —            —          —          16,593    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026

                                          23,145       16,593         7,212        1,461         —          31,065

    Subtotal                             109,235       66,372       38,927         7,961         —         128,719

    Other employees
    In aggregate                            1,468           —            —         1,468         —               —    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                       20,305,646           —    11,054,269    9,251,377         —               —    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                       24,627,767           —     7,805,497           —          —       16,822,270   28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                               —    30,701,454           —            —          —       30,701,454   12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026

                                       44,934,881   30,701,454   18,859,766    9,252,845         —       47,523,724

    Total                              45,707,270   31,266,608   19,122,687    9,309,038         —       48,542,153

    The five highest paid employees
      among the Participants are as
      follows:
    In aggregate                          30,037           —            —        30,037          —              —     30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                         438,549           —       297,943       92,324          —          48,282    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                         787,855           —       266,523           —           —         521,332    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                              —       855,751           —            —           —         855,751    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026

    Total                               1,256,441     855,751      564,466      122,361          —        1,425,365

*           Ms. MA Yingie retired from her position as a supervisor on 20 June 2024. She has 20,401 A Shares ESOP outstanding on 1 January
            2024, of which 1,468 shares in the A Shares ESOP were cancelled during the year. Thus, she has 18,933 shares in the A Shares
            ESOP outstanding on 20 June 2024.
126   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      The closing price of the Company’s A Share immediately before the grant date of the A Share ESOP was
      RMB26.94 per share. The fair values of the A Share ESOP granted on 12 July 2024 is RMB860 million. The
      weighted average closing price of the share immediately before the vesting date of the A Share ESOP was
      RMB26.6 per share. Refer to note 37 of the consolidated financial statements for the details of the fair value
      measurement of the A Share ESOP.

      The purchase price of the above cancelled shares is RMB25.35 per share.

      The granting mandate of each of the A Share ESOPs is only valid and effective for that particular year, and
      therefore there is no remaining life for such A Share ESOPs as at the date of this annual report. As at
      1 January and 31 December 2024, the number of share awards available for grant under the A Share
      ESOPs was nil.

      The particulars regarding dilution effect of the A Share ESOP are set out in note 12 to the financial
      statements.

      Notes:


      1.       The assessment criteria under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2022) (“2022 ESOP”) are as follows:


               a.    Where the participants under the 2022 ESOP are the Chairman, President and corporate platform staff of the Company, the
                     assessment indicators and vesting conditions shall be as follows: If the results of the Management Committee’s assessment
                     of such participants in 2022 are up to the standard, and the audited net profit attributable to the parent company of the
                     Company in 2022 is increased by more than 15% (inclusive) compared with the pro forma net profit attributable to parent
                     company in 2021, 40% of the interests of the underlying shares in the 2022 ESOP shall be vested to the participants. If the
                     said net profit is increased by 12% (inclusive) to 15%, vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by
                     the Management Committee and submitted to the Remuneration and Assessment Committee for approval; if the said net
                     profit is increased by less than 12% (exclusive), the corresponding part of assessment in 2022 will not be vested. If the
                     results of the Management Committee’s assessment of such participants in 2023 are up to the standard, and the audited
                     net profit attributable to the parent company of the Company in 2023 is increased by more than 15% (inclusive) compared
                     with the pro forma net profit attributable to parent company in 2021 on a CAGR basis, 60% of the interests of the
                     underlying shares under the 2022 ESOP shall be vested to the participants. If the said net profit is increased by 12%
                     (inclusive) to 15% on a CAGR basis,vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management
                     Committee and submitted to the Remuneration and Assessment Committee for approval; if the said net profit is increased by
                     less than 12% (exclusive), the corresponding part of assessment in 2023 will not be vested. The “net profit attributable to the
                     parent company”: (1) the net profit attributable to the parent company during the 2021 represents audit data for 2021 Audit
                     Report, amounting to RMB13.067 billion; (2) the other net profit attributable to the parent company during the 2022 and
                     2023 represents audited net profit attributable to the parent company after excluding the one- off impact on profit or loss
                     arising from any material asset disposal/acquisition (if any) for the year. (In this regard, with reference to relevant
                     requirements in the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Rules Governing the
                     Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, material asset disposals and acquisitions are defined as:
                     (1) material asset disposals and acquisitions with an individual transaction amount representing over 5% (inclusive) of the
                     latest audited net asset attributable to the parent company of the listed company, or (2) individual transaction with asset
                     creating a net profit or net profit of acquisition target representing over 5% of the latest audited net profit attributable to the
                     parent company of the listed company.)


               b.    Where the participants under the 2022 ESOP are the persons other than those mentioned in item a above, 40% and 60% of
                     the interests of the underlying shares under the 2022 ESOP shall be vested respectively if the results of the Management
                     Committee’s assessment in 2022 and 2023 are up to the standard.
                                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024      127

                                                                                                        Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
Notes: (continued)


2.     The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2023) (“2023 ESOP”) are as follows:


       a.     Where the participants under the 2023 ESOP are the directors, president, supervisors and platform personnel of the Company,
              the appraisal rules for 2023 and 2024 are based on a weighted average of the completion rate of the compound growth rate
              of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and the completion rate of return on equity
              (hereinafter “Comprehensive Completion Rate”). The specific appraisal objectives and rules are as follows:


                                           Net profit attributable to the parent company
                                           after non-recurring items                            Return on equity (Note)

                 Performance appraisal     Growth rate of audited net profit attributable to    Audited return on equity (ROE) for 2023
                   indicators for 2023       the parent company after non-recurring items         not less than 16.8% (inclusive)
                                             for 2023 over net profit attributable to the
                                             parent company after non-recurring items for
                                             2022 not less than 15% (inclusive)
                 Performance appraisal     Compound growth rate of audited net profit           Audited return on equity (ROE) for 2024
                   indicators for 2024       attributable to the parent company after             not less than 16.8% (inclusive)
                                             non-recurring items for 2024 over net profit
                                             attributable to the parent company after
                                             non-recurring items for 2022 not less than 15%
                                             (inclusive)
                 Appraisal weighting       50%                                                  50%

              Note: Return on equity (ROE) refers to the weighted average return on equity. If the Company raises fund through capital
                    market such as a public offering or issuance of shares to specific targets during the term of the 2023 ESOP that
                    may have an impact on the Company’s net assets and ROE, the impact of such actions shall be excluded from the
                    calculation of ROE attributable to shareholders of the listed company for each appraisal year, and the appraisal
                    indicators in relation to ROE in each year’s appraisal criteria shall be adjusted accordingly. The details of the
                    adjustment plan will be considered by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of
                    directors for approval before implementation.


              Comprehensive Completion Rate = 50%*completion rate of compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent
              company after non-recurring items + 50%*completion rate of return on equity


              Of which:

              Completion rate of compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring
              items = compound growth rate of audited net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items for the year
              over net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items for 2022/15%
128   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      2.     The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2023) (“2023 ESOP”) are as follows: (continued)


             a.     (continued)


                    Completion rate of return on equity = audited return on equity for the year/16.8%


                    (1)    Appraisal indicators and vesting for 2023


                           If the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal of such Participants in 2023 are up to the standard, and the
                           Comprehensive Completion Rate in 2023 is more than 1 (inclusive), 40% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                           under the ESOP shall be vested to the Participants.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is between 0.8 (inclusive) to 1: ① for the completion rates of compound
                           growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity exceeding
                           0.8 (inclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                           and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for approval; ② for any of the completion rate of
                           compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity
                           below 0.8 (exclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Remuneration and
                           Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is less than 0.8 (exclusive), 40% of the Underlying Shares under the ESOP will
                           not be vested.


                    (2)    Appraisal indicators and vesting for 2024


                           If the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal of such Participants in 2024 are up to the standard, and the
                           Comprehensive Completion Rate in 2024 is more than 1 (inclusive), 60% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                           under the ESOP shall be vested to the Participants.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is between 0.8 (inclusive) to 1: ① for the completion rates of compound
                           growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity exceeding
                           0.8 (inclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                           and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for approval; ② for any of the completion rate of
                           compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity
                           below 0.8 (exclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Remuneration and
                           Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is less than 0.8 (exclusive), 60% of the Underlying Shares under the ESOP will
                           not be vested.


             b.     Where the participants under the 2023 ESOP are the persons other than those mentioned in item a above, 40% and 60% of
                    the interests of the underlying shares under the 2023 ESOP shall be vested respectively if the results of the Management
                    Committee’s assessment in 2023 and 2024 are up to the standard.
                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024       129

                                                                                                          Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
Notes: (continued)


3.     The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2024) (“2024 ESOP”) are as follows:


       1.     Where the Participants under the ESOP are the directors, president, supervisors and platform personnel of the Company, the
              appraisal rules for 2024 and 2025 are based on a weighted average of the completion rate of the compound growth rate of
              net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and the completion rate of return on equity
              (hereinafter “Comprehensive Completion Rate”). The specific appraisal objectives and rules are as follows:


                                           Net profit attributable to the parent company
                                           after non-recurring items                             Return on equity (Note)

                 Performance appraisal     Growth rate of audited net profit attributable to     Audited return on equity (ROE) for 2024
                   indicators for 2024       the parent company after non-recurring items          not less than 16.8% (inclusive)
                                             for 2024 over net profit attributable to the
                                             parent company after non-recurring items for
                                             2023 not less than 15% (inclusive)
                 Performance appraisal     Compound growth rate of audited net profit            Audited return on equity (ROE) for 2025
                   indicators for 2025       attributable to the parent company after              not less than 16.8% (inclusive)
                                             non-recurring items for 2025 over net profit
                                             attributable to the parent company after
                                             non-recurring items for 2023 not less than 15%
                                             (inclusive)
                 Appraisal weighting       50%                                                   50%

              Note: Return on equity (ROE) refers to the weighted average return on equity. If the Company raises fund through capital
                    market such as a public offering or issuance of shares to specific targets during the term of the ESOP that may have
                    an impact on the Company’s net assets and ROE, the impact of such actions shall be excluded from the calculation
                    of ROE attributable to shareholders of the listed company for each appraisal year, and the appraisal indicators in
                    relation to ROE in each year’s appraisal criteria shall be adjusted accordingly. The details of the adjustment plan will
                    be considered by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval
                    before implementation.


              Comprehensive Completion Rate = 50%*completion rate of compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent
              company after non-recurring items + 50%*completion rate of return on equity


              Of which:

              Completion rate of compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring
              items = compound growth rate of audited net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items for the year
              over net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items for 2023/15%
130   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      3.     The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2024) (“2024 ESOP”) are as follows: (continued)


             1.     (continued)


                    Completion rate of return on equity = audited return on equity for the year/16.8%


                    (1)    Appraisal indicators and vesting for 2024


                           If the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal of such Participants in 2024 are up to the standard, and the
                           Comprehensive Completion Rate in 2024 is more than 1 (inclusive), 40% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                           under the ESOP shall be vested to the Participants.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is between 0.8 (inclusive) to 1: ① for the completion rates of compound
                           growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity exceeding
                           0.8 (inclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                           and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for approval; ② for any of the completion rate of
                           compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity
                           below 0.8 (exclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Remuneration and
                           Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is less than 0.8 (exclusive), 40% of the Underlying Shares under the ESOP will
                           not be vested.


                    (2)    Appraisal indicators and vesting for 2025


                           If the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal of such Participants in 2025 are up to the standard, and the
                           Comprehensive Completion Rate in 2025 is more than 1 (inclusive), 60% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                           under the ESOP shall be vested to the Participants.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is between 0.8 (inclusive) to 1: ① for the completion rates of compound
                           growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity exceeding
                           0.8 (inclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                           and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for approval; ② for any of the completion rate of
                           compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity
                           below 0.8 (exclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Remuneration and
                           Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is less than 0.8 (exclusive), 60% of the Underlying Shares under the ESOP will
                           not be vested.


             2.     Where the Participants under the ESOP are the persons other than the Company’s directors, president, supervisors and
                    personnel of the Company’s platform mentioned in item 1 above, 40% and 60% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                    under the ESOP shall be vested respectively if the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal conducted according to
                    its results in 2024 and 2025 are up to the standard.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   131

                                                                                    Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share ESOP (2022)
Participants of the 2022 ESOP include the directors (except for independent directors) and senior officers of
the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, totaling 33
persons. The total amount of funds used to participate in the 2022 ESOP was RMB60 million. There are 8
persons including directors, and senior officers, with a total holding of RMB20.53 million, accounting for
34.2% of the 2022 ESOP. There are 25 other core management personnel of the Company, with a total
holding of RMB39.47 million, accounting for 65.8% of the 2022 ESOP.

The source of shares of the 2022 ESOP were the H shares of the Company purchased from the secondary
market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. The Company entrusted an asset management
company to purchase a total of 2,653,200 H Shares of the Company in the secondary market through the
Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average transaction price of HKD25.663 per share and a transaction
amount of approximately HK$68 million. The lock-up period shall be 12 months, calculated from the date
when the Company announces that the underlying shares purchased in the last time are recorded in the
2022 ESOP.

After the end of the lock-up period, the participants of the 2022 ESOP shall be appraised according to the
performance appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two years, and upon the appraisal,
40% and 60% of the shares of the plan shall be vested to the participants in two phases.

The specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the
lock-up period. Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the vested H Shares will be sold by the asset
management company on due course for the cash settlement to the participants.

H Share ESOP (2023)
Participants of the 2023 ESOP include the directors (except for independent directors) and senior officers of
the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, totaling 34
persons. There are 11 directors and senior officers, with a total holding of RMB33.19 million, accounting for
47.1% of the 2023 ESOP. There are 23 other core management personnel of the Company, with a total
holding of RMB37.31 million, accounting for 52.9% of the 2023 ESOP.

The source of funds of the 2023 ESOP were the incentive funds withdrawn by the Company in the amount
of RMB70.50 million. The source of shares of the 2023 ESOP were H shares of the Company purchased
from the secondary market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

The lock-up period is 12 months, calculated from the date when the Company announces that the last of
underlying shares purchased are recorded in the 2023 ESOP.

The Company entrusted an asset management company to purchase a total of 3,230,400 H Shares of the
Company in the secondary market through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average transaction price
of HKD23.62 per share and a transaction amount of approximately HK$76.3 million. The lock-up period is
from 26 July 2023 to 25 July 2024.
132   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share ESOP (2023) (continued)
      The assessment period is for two years, and upon the expiration of the lock-up period of the 2023 ESOP,
      40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested to the participants in two phases. The
      specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the lock-up
      period.

      Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the participants entrust the Management Committee to sell the underlying
      shares of the 2023 ESOP during the duration of the ESOP for cash settlement.

      H Share ESOP (2024)
      Participants of the 2024 ESOP include the directors (except for independent directors) and senior officers of
      the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, totaling 29
      persons. There are 11 directors and senior officers, with a total holding of RMB36.57 million, accounting for
      53.8% of the 2024 ESOP. There are 18 other core management personnel of the Company, with a total
      holding of RMB31.43 million, accounting for 46.2% of the 2024 ESOP.

      The source of funds of the 2024 ESOP were the incentive funds withdrawn by the Company in the amount
      of RMB68 million. The source of shares of the 2024 ESOP were H shares of the Company purchased from
      the secondary market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

      The lock-up period is 12 months, calculated from the date when the Company announces that the last of
      underlying shares purchased are recorded in the 2024 ESOP.

      The Company entrusted an asset management company to purchase a total of 3,035,400 H Shares of the
      Company in the secondary market through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average transaction price
      of HKD23.9203 per share and a transaction amount of approximately HK$72.6 million. The lock-up period is
      from 27 July 2024 to 26 July 2025.

      The assessment period is for two years, and upon the expiration of the lock-up period of the 2024 ESOP,
      40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested to the participants in two phases. The
      specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the lock-up
      period.

      Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the participants entrust the Management Committee to sell the underlying
      shares of the 2024 ESOP during the duration of the ESOP for cash settlement.
                                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024              133

                                                                                                                       Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share ESOP (2024) (continued)
The following table discloses movements in the H Share ESOPs during the year:

                                           On     Granted          Vested    Cancelled       Lapsed              On
                                    1 January   during the during the year   during the   during the    31 December    Date of grant of   Vesting period for
 Name or category of Participants        2024         year          (Note)         year         year           2024    H Share ESOP       H Share ESOP

 Directors
 Mr. LI Huagang                        32,554          —               —        32,554            —              —     30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                      140,292          —           86,149           —             —          54,143    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                      219,537          —           55,616           —             —         163,921    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                           —      285,268              —            —             —         285,268    26/07/2024         26/07/2024–30/07/2026

                                      392,383     285,268         141,765       32,554            —         503,332

 Mr. GONG Wei                          21,136          —               —        21,136            —              —     30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                       75,351          —           46,232           —             —          29,119    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                      108,223          —           27,416           —             —          80,807    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                           —      112,500              —            —             —         112,500    26/07/2024         26/07/2024–30/07/2026

                                      204,710     112,500          73,648       21,136            —         222,426

 Ms. SHAO Xinzhi                      108,223          —           26,262            —            —          81,961    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                           —      105,469              —             —            —         105,469    26/07/2024         26/07/2024–30/07/2026

                                      108,223     105,469          26,262            —            —         187,430

 Subtotal                             705,316     503,237         241,675       53,690            —         913,188

 Other employees
 In aggregate                       1,802,441           —        1,068,506     733,935            —               —    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                    2,794,417           —          781,099          —             —        2,013,318   28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                           —     2,532,163              —           —             —        2,532,163   26/07/2024         26/07/2024–30/07/2026

                                    4,596,858    2,532,163       1,849,605     733,935            —        4,545,481

 Total                              5,302,174    3,035,400       2,091,280     787,625            —        5,458,669


 The five highest paid employees
   among the Participants are as
   follows:
 In aggregate                          32,554          —               —        32,554            —              —     30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                      491,793          —          334,117      103,533            —          54,143    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                      812,758          —          274,948           —             —         537,810    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                           —      863,393              —            —             —         863,393    26/07/2024         26/07/2024–30/07/2026

 Total                              1,337,105     863,393         609,065      136,087            —        1,455,346
134   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share ESOP (2024) (continued)
      The closing price of the Company’s H Share immediately before the grant date of the H Share ESOP was
      HK$24.6 per share. The fair values of the H Share ESOP granted on 26 July 2024 is RMB72 million, the
      Group recognised a total A and H Share ESOP expense of RMB674 million during year ended 31 December
      2024. The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting date of the H Share
      ESOP was HK$23.7 per share. Refer to note 37 of the consolidated financial statements for the details of
      the fair value measurement of the H Share ESOP. The purchase price of the above cancelled shares is
      HK$25.84 per share.

      The granting mandate of each of the H Share ESOPs is only valid and effective for that particular year, and
      therefore there is no remaining life for such H Share ESOPs as at the date of this annual report. As at
      1 January and 31 December 2024, the number of share awards available for grant under the H Share
      ESOPs was nil.

      The particulars regarding dilution effect of the H Share ESOP are set out in note 12 to the financial
      statements.

      Note:


      The assessment criteria for H Share ESOPs are the same as for A Share ESOPs. Refer to the note to the table disclosing movements in
      the A Share ESOPs above.


      H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024)
      The purposes of the RSU Scheme are to stimulate the pro-activeness of the eligible persons, encourage
      their innovation to create value, enhance profit, achieve competitive goals, and ultimately maximise return for
      the shareholders; to promote the strategic development and realize the goals of the Company; to optimise
      the remuneration structure of the Group’s employees; to attract, motivate and retain core capable talents of
      the Group for the future business development and expansion of the Group.

      Eligible Person who may participate in the RSU Scheme include any individual, being an employee, director,
      supervisor, senior management, key operating team member of any member of the Group who the Board or
      its delegatee considers, in their sole discretion, to have significantly contributed or will significantly contribute
      to the development of the Group.

      Subject to the RSU Scheme Rules, the Company and/or the delegatee may from time to time instruct the
      trustee in writing to subscribe or acquire H Shares on the Stock Exchange and to hold them on trust for the
      benefit of the selected participants on and subject to the terms and conditions of the RSU Scheme Rules
      and the Trust Deed.

      The Board or the delegatee may grant awards to selected participants during the award period conditional
      upon fulfilment of terms and conditions of the awards and performance targets as the Board or the
      delegatee determines from time to time.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   135

                                                                                   Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024) (continued)
The Board shall not make any further grant which will result in the aggregate number of H Shares granted to
exceed one per cent (1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date. The total
number of RSU granted but remain unvested to a selected participant under the RSU Scheme shall not
exceed zero point one per cent (0.1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date.

The vesting of the Award granted under the RSU Scheme is subject to the conditions of the relevant
business unit(s) and personal performance targets of the relevant selected participant and any other
applicable vesting conditions as set out in the award letter.

The appraisal period is generally two years (40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares to be
vested to the participants in two phases) or three years (100% of corresponding underlying shares to be
vested to the participants in one phase) upon the expiration of the vesting period of the RSU Scheme. The
specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the vesting
period.

Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021), the Company entrusted
an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 4,538,400 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
market, with an average price of HK$27.32 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$124 million.

In year 2021, a total of 4,438,027 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by staff
members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who play
an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2022), the Company entrusted
an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 5,783,600 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
market, with an average price of HK$26.63 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$154 million.

During the year 2022, a total of 5,636,959 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by
staff members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who
play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2023), the Company entrusted
an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 5,456,000 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
market, with an average price of HK$23.70 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$129 million.

During the year 2023, a total of 6,158,959 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by
staff members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who
play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

During the year, a total of 4,689,425 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by staff
members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who play
an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.
136   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024) (continued)
      The following table discloses movements in the Company’s H Share RSU during the year:


                                                              Number of H Share RSU

                                      On      Granted       Vested    Cancelled    Lapsed         On 31 Date of
        Name or category       1 January        during      during       during     during    December grant of           Vesting period
        of Participants             2024      the year    the year     the year   the year         2024 RSU               for RSU


        Non-director
          employees
        In aggregate            3,129,861             —   1,965,744     901,821    262,296            — 30/7/2021,        30/7/2021–
                                                                                                             1/9/2021,      1/8/2024,
                                                                                                             15/12/2021     1/9/2021–
                                                                                                                            1/8/2024,
                                                                                                                            15/12/2021–
                                                                                                                            1/8/2024
        In aggregate            4,864,026             —    176,968       49,409    685,993     3,951,656 25/5/2022        25/5/2022–
                                                                                                                            15/3/2024
                                                                                                           23/6/2022,     23/6/2022–
                                                                                                             9/9/2022       1/7/2025,
                                                                                                                            9/9/2022–
                                                                                                                            1/7/2025
        In aggregate            6,091,662             —    135,221           —     780,066     5,176,375 23/06/2023,      23/6/2023–
                                                                                                             1/11/2023      1/7/2026,
                                                                                                                            1/11/2023–
                                                                                                                            1/7/2026
        In aggregate                   —     4,689,425           —           —     183,505     4,505,920 24/6/2024,       24/6/2024–
                                                                                                             22/11/2024     1/7/2027,
                                                                                                                            22/11/2024–
                                                                                                                            1/7/2027


                               14,085,549    4,689,425    2,277,933     951,230   1,911,860   13,633,951


      The closing prices of the Company’s H Share immediately before the grant date of the RSU on 24 June
      2024 and 22 November 2024 were HK$27.55 and HK$26.95 per share respectively. The fair values of the
      RSU granted on 24 June 2024 and 22 November 2024 were RMB109 million and RMB11 million
      respectively, the Group recognised a total restricted share expense of RMB22 million during year ended
      31 December 2024. The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting date of
      the H Share RSU was HK$25.7 per share. Refer to note 37 of the consolidated financial statements for the
      details of the fair value measurement of the H Share RSU.

      The purchase price of the above cancelled shares is HK$27.28 per share.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   137

                                                                                    Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024) (continued)
The granting mandate of each of the H Share RSU schemes is only valid and effective for that particular
year, and therefore there is no remaining life for H Share RSU schemes as at the date of this annual report.
As at 1 January and 31 December 2024, the number of share awards available for grant under the H Share
RSU schemes was nil.

The particulars regarding dilution effect of the H Share RSU are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.

At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had 13,633,951 H Share RSU
outstanding under the RSU Scheme, which represented approximately 0.48% of the Company’s total
number of H Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at that date.

Further details of the H Share RSU is set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The participants under the A Share Option Incentive Schemes exclude the Company’s independent
directors, supervisors, the shareholders individually or in aggregate holding 5% or more of the shares of the
Company or the de facto controllers and their spouses, parents or children.

The total number shares of the Company to be granted under the A Share Option Incentive schemes within
the validity period to any participants will not exceed 1% of the total number of shares of the Company. The
total underlying shares of the Company involved under all effective share option incentive schemes shall not
exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the Company as at the date of the proposal of the incentive
scheme at the shareholders’ meetings for approval. The source of the scheme share for A Share Option
Incentive Scheme are from the issuance of new shares.

2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
The Company adopted a 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2021 A Share Option Incentive
Scheme”) at the extraordinary general meeting held on 15 September 2021. This scheme is an additional
measure that builds on the Company’s A Share and H Share Employee Stock Ownership Schemes and
Restricted Share Unit Scheme to further enhance employee incentives.

To drive the achievement of the Company’s longer term target, further enhance the development of high-
end scenario-based brand and smart household business, the Company introduced the A Share Option
Incentive Scheme to provide incentive to the core management members with five or six-year appraisal
period and higher profit targets than those under the A Share and H Share ESOP.

The participants of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme are core management staff that have made
significant contribution to the Company’s overall performance and long-term development, specifically
including Directors and senior management of the Company, the general manager and department manager
of business divisions of the Company.
138   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (continued)
      For the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 51,000,000 Share
      Options to the Participants. Among which, first 46,000,000 to be granted and 5,000,000 to be reserved.

      In year 2021, on 15 September 2021, the Company firstly granted 46,000,000 A Share options to 400
      participants (included directors of the Company). On 15 December 2021, the Company granted 4,525,214
      reserved share options to 18 participants under the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme. The remaining
      reserved share options under the A Share Option Incentive Scheme will not be further granted.

      2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
      The Company adopted a 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2022 A Share Option Incentive
      Scheme”) at the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2022.

      As the Company is leading the effort to upgrade its Internet of Things from “high-end brands” to “scenario
      brands”, and to “ecological brands”, the Company needs to have long-term planning to ensure the
      achievement of its strategic results and also improve its long-term incentive scheme in line with the above
      objectives. As such, the incentive scheme encourages core technology talents and business team to venture
      and innovate continuously, as well as significantly boosts and promotes participants’ initiative through the
      formulation of long-term performance growth indicators and inspires them to provide users with the best
      experience and achieve business development across the industry cycle.

      The incentive model serves as a benchmark for the development in the coming 4 years as a cycle, which
      expedites participant’s alignment with the Company’s strategic objectives of long-term development, and
      further promotes the synergistic consolidation of businesses, boosts operation efficiency and achieves
      industry leading.

      The participants are core staff that includes business director, core technical staff and business backbone
      staff of the Company (excluding current Directors and senior management of the Company) and have made
      significant contributions to the Company’s overall performance and long-term development.

      For the 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 104,756,896 A Share
      options to the Participants. On 28 June 2022, the Company had granted 104,756,896 A Share options to
      1,834 participants.
                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024         139

                                                                                                            Report of the Directors




A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
The following table discloses movements in the Company’s A Share options outstanding during the year:

                                                   Number of A-Share options

                                                                                                                                   Exercise
                                                                                                                                   price of
                                                                                                  Date of                            share
                                                            Cancelled                             grant of                          options
                              On     Granted    Exercised      during     Lapsed         On 31    share                           per share
 Name or category of    1 January     during       during    the year      during    December     options      Exercise period     (note 2)
 Participants                2024    the year    the year     (note 3)   the year         2024    (note 1)     of share options       RMB


 Executive directors
 Mr. LI Huagang           548,364          —           —      182,788           —      365,576    15/09/2021   15/09/2022 to          25.63
                                                                                                                  15/09/2027
 Mr. GONG Wei             274,182          —           —       91,394           —      182,788    15/09/2021   15/09/2022 to          25.63
                                                                                                                  15/09/2027


 Other employees
 In aggregate          26,318,610          —           —     8,161,578   1,833,876   16,323,156   15/09/2021   15/09/2022 to          25.63
                                                                                                                  15/09/2027
 In aggregate           2,084,955          —           —      594,985     300,000     1,189,970   15/12/2021   15/12/2022 to          25.63
                                                                                                                  15/12/2027
 In aggregate          76,821,909          —           —    24,405,183   3,606,360   48,810,366   28/06/2022   28/06/2023 to          23.86
                                                                                                                  28/06/2027


                       106,048,020         —           —    33,435,928   5,740,236   66,871,856



There is no consideration payable on application or acceptance of the share options by the participants
under the A Share option scheme. The granting mandate of each of the A Share option schemes is only
valid and effective for that particular year, and therefore there is no remaining life for such A Share option
schemes as at the date of this annual report. As at 1 January and 31 December 2024, the number of share
options available for grant under the A Share option schemes was nil.
140   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      Exercise arrangement for the share options granted in 2021:

                                                         Proportion of
                                                     exercisable share
                                                               options
       Exercise                                             to granted
       arrangement       Vesting periods                 share options   Exercise periods                                Performance appraisal target


        1st exercise     From the date of grant to                20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                            the expiry of 12                                12 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2021
                            months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 24          over adjusted net profit attributable to the
                            of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   parent company in 2020 reaches or
                                                                                                                            exceeds 30%


        2nd exercise     From the date of grant to                20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                            the expiry of 24                                24 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2022
                            months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 36          over net profit attributable to the parent
                            of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   company in 2021 reaches or exceeds 15%


        3rd exercise     From the date of grant to                20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                            the expiry of 36                                36 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                            months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 48          parent company in 2023 over net profit
                            of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                            reaches or exceeds 15%


        4th exercise     From the date of grant to                20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                            the expiry of 48                                48 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                            months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 60          parent company in 2024 over net profit
                            of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                            reaches or exceeds 15%


        5th exercise     From the date of grant to                20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                            the expiry of 60                                60 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                            months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 72          parent company in 2025 over net profit
                            of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                            reaches or exceeds 15%
                                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024              141

                                                                                                                             Report of the Directors




A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
Exercise arrangement for the share options granted in 2022:

                                                        Proportion of
                                                    exercisable share
                                                              options
     Exercise                                              to granted
     arrangement        Vesting periods                 share options   Exercise periods                                Performance appraisal target


     1st exercise       From the date of grant to                25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                           the expiry of 12                                12 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2022
                           months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 24          over net profit attributable to the parent
                           of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   company in 2021 reaches or exceeds 15%


     2nd exercise       From the date of grant to                25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                           the expiry of 24                                24 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                           months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 36          parent company in 2023 over net profit
                           of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                           reaches or exceeds 15%


     3rd exercise       From the date of grant to                25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                           the expiry of 36                                36 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                           months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 48          parent company in 2024 over net profit
                           of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                           reaches or exceeds 15%


     4th exercise       From the date of grant to                25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                           the expiry of 48                                48 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                           months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 60          parent company in 2025 over net profit
                           of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                           reaches or exceeds 15%


Notes:


1.         The share options granted in 2021 will be valid for a maximum period of 72 months commencing from the grant date to the date of
           full exercise or cancellation of all share options granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant
           date of share options granted under the Incentive Scheme, and subject to the satisfaction of the Exercise Conditions, the
           participants may exercise the options in five yearly phases of 20% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share
           options is from the date of grant until the respective vesting dates.


           The share options granted in 2022 will be valid for a maximum period of 60 months commencing from the grant date to the date of
           full exercise or cancellation of all share options granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant
           date of share options granted under the Incentive Scheme, and subject to the satisfaction of the Exercise Conditions, the
           participants may exercise the options in four yearly phases of 25% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share
           options is from the date of grant until the respective vesting dates.


2.         The exercise price of the share options granted is not lower than the carrying amount of the shares, nor lower than the higher of the
           followings: (1) the average trading price of the A Shares on the trading day preceding the announcement of the A Share Option
           Incentive Scheme, and (2) the average trading price of the A Shares for the last 20 trading days preceding the announcement of the
           A Share Option Incentive Scheme. The number and exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment(s) in the event of
           any distribution of dividends, capitalisation issue, bonus issue, sub-division or consolidation of shares and rights issue in
           accordance with the provisions of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme.


3.         All the options forfeited before expiry of the relevant schemes will be treated as lapsed options which will not be added back to the
           number of shares available to be issued under the relevant schemes. The exercise prices of the cancelled share options are
           RMB25.63 and RMB23.86.
142   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      The number of A shares that may be issued in respect of A Share options granted under all schemes of the
      Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 represented 1.08% of the weighted average number of
      shares of the A Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) for the year 2024. The total number of A Shares
      available for issue under the A-share option scheme is 66,871,856 as at 31 December 2024, representing
      approximately 0.72% of the total share capital (excluding treasury shares) as at 31 December 2024 and
      approximately 0.72% of the total share capital (excluding treasury shares) as at 29 April 2025 (the date of
      publication of 2024 annual report of the Company).

      The particulars regarding dilution effect of the share options are set out in note 12 to the financial
      statements.

      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES IN OR
      DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
      Save as the share awards (ESOPs and RSU scheme) and share options granted and vested to the Directors
      and Supervisors, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2024 were rights to acquire benefits by
      means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors, Supervisors
      or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them, or was the
      Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to
      enable the Directors and supervisors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

      CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
      The Group has contracts with Haier Corp and their subsidiaries and/or associates (collectively referred to as
      “Haier Affiliates”) for the transactions include those for Services Supply Framework Agreement, Services
      Procurement Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement, Products and
      Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and Financial Services Framework Agreement.

      Further details of the transactions undertaken in connection with these contracts during the year are
      included in the section “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS”.

      Save as disclosed in this annual report, no controlling shareholders or their respective subsidiaries had a
      material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance, whether for the provision of
      services or otherwise, to the Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party subsisting
      during or at the end of the year ended 31 December 2024.

      EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
      Save as the A-Share option incentive scheme, the Company has not engaged in any equity-linked
      agreement during the year ended 31 December 2024.
                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024    143

                                                                                                        Report of the Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
At 31 December 2024, the following shareholders who have interest in 5% or more of the issued share
capital of the Company were recorded in the register of substantial shareholders as required to be kept by
the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions:


                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                    Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                                  percentage* of    shareholding in
                                Class of           Number of                                     shareholding in     the total share
                                Shares                Shares                                   the relevant class      capital of the
    Name of Shareholder         held                    held Nature of interest                        of Shares           Company


    Haier Group                 A Share         2,637,339,206 Beneficial owner                           42.17%              28.11%
      CorporationNotes 1 to 4                                 Interest in controlled
                                                                 corporation
                                                              Interest through voting rights
                                                                 entrustment arrangement
                                H Share           538,560,000 Interest in controlled                     18.85%               5.74%
                                                                 corporation
                                D Share            58,135,194 Interest in controlled                     21.45%               0.62%
                                                                 corporation

    Haier COSMO                 A Share         1,258,684,824 Beneficial owner                           20.12%              13.41%
      Co., Ltd.Notes 1 and 2

    HCH (HK) Investment         H Share           538,560,000 Beneficial owner                           18.85%               5.74%
      Management
      Co., LimitedNote 3

    Haier International         D Share             58,135,194 Beneficial owner                          21.45%               0.62%
      Co., LimitedNote 4

    Other H Class
      ShareholdersNote 5

    Other D Class
      ShareholdersNote 6

*        The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2024 totalling 9,382,913,334
         comprise 6,254,501,095 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,857,398,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.66%, 2.89%
         and 30.45% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.
144   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Notes:


      1.       Haier Group Corporation holds directly 1,072,610,764 A Shares. In addition, Haier Group Corporation indirectly owns or controls (i)
               1,258,684,824 A Shares through Haier COSMO Co., Ltd. (海爾卡奧斯股份有限公司) (formerly Haier Electric Appliances International
               Co., Ltd.), one of its subsidiaries, (ii) 172,252,560 A Shares through Qingdao Haier Venture & Investment Information Co., Ltd., one
               of its subsidiaries and (iii) 133,791,058 A Shares through Qingdao Haichuangzhi Management Consulting Enterprise (Limited
               Partnership), a party acting in concert with Haier Group Corporation.


      2.       Haier Group Corporation holds 51.20% of the issued shares in Haier COSMO Co. Ltd. (海 爾 卡 奧 斯 股 份 有 限 公 司) (formerly Haier
               Electric Appliances International Co., Ltd.), and is also entitled to exercise the remaining 48.80% voting rights in Haier COSMO Co.,
               Ltd. through an irrevocable voting rights entrustment arrangement.


      3.       HCH (HK) Investment Management Co., Limited (“HCH (HK)”) holds 538,560,000 H Shares. Haier Group Corporation controls 100%
               voting rights in HCH (HK), thus is deemed to be interested in the 538,560,000 H Shares held by HCH (HK).


      4.       Haier International Co., Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group Corporation. Therefore, Haier Group Corporation is
               deemed to be interested in the 58,135,194 D Shares held by Haier International Co., Limited.


      5.       JPMorgan Chase & Co. held 230,200,473 H Shares, representing approximately 8.05% of the total number of H Shares. BlackRock,
               Inc. held 165,367,450 H Shares, representing approximately 5.79% of the total number of H Shares.


      6.       Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd. held 54,007,663 D Shares, representing approximately 19.93% of the total number of D Shares.


      Short positions and Lending pools:

      JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a short position of 19,493,275 H Shares, representing approximately 0.68% of
      the total number of H Shares; and had a lending pool of 58,883,124 H Shares, representing approximately
      2.06% of the total number of H Shares. BlackRock, Inc. had a short position of 401,000 H Shares,
      representing approximately 0.01% of the total number of H Shares.

      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, no person, other than the Directors, Supervisors and
      CEO of the Company, whose interests are set out in the section “Interests and short positions of directors,
      supervisors and CEO in shares and underlying shares” above, had registered an interest or short position in
      the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to section 336
      of the SFO.

      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
      Haier Group directly and indirectly owns 34.47% of the voting rights of the Company. Haier Group, together
      with its associates as defined under Rule 14A.13 of the Listing Rules, are therefore the Company’s
      connected persons by virtue of Rules 14A.07(1) and 14A.07(4) of the Listing Rules.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   145

                                                                                     Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Connected Transactions
Entering into of the Voting Rights Entrustment Agreement
The Company is pushing forward its retail transformation and reform in the PRC and upgrading its
localization capabilities in terms of overseas brands, thereby building its overall competitive edge to achieve
sustainable and quality growth in the future. In particular, building an integrated logistics capacity covering
the entire process of warehousing, distribution and delivery is crucial to the implementation of such reform.
In view of the strategic goal, the Company intends to achieve its control over Gooday Supply Chain
Technologies Co., Ltd. (“Gooday”) by way of voting rights entrustment, so as to put the logistics services
function of the Company’s home appliances business under the control of a single entity and team who
shares the same goal, opening up full connection between our business function and logistic function both
in terms of personnel, system and data interface. This will serve to fully realize the goal of enhancing
operational efficiency, accelerating the transformation of the Company’s business model, and creating new
driver of business growth.

On 29 October 2024, Bingji (Shanghai) Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Bingji”), a subsidiary of Haier
Group, entered into the Voting Rights Entrustment Agreement with Guanmei (Shanghai) Enterprise
Management Co., Ltd. (“Guanmei”), an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to
which Bingji shall irrevocably, exclusively and solely entrust to Guanmei the exercise of all voting rights in
respect of all equity interests in Youjin (Shanghai) Corporate Management Co., Ltd. (“Youjin”) held by Bingji
on or after the date of signing of that agreement, which, as at 29 October 2024, representing 55% of the
current total registered capital of Youjin. The voting rights entrustment does not involve a consideration
payment arrangement, which is determined after arm’s length negotiation between the parties. As at
29 October 2024, Bingji and Guanmei hold 55% and 45% of the equity interests in Youjin respectively. The
Voting Rights Entrustment Agreement has been effective since 20 December 2024 (date of an extraordinary
general meeting convened), Guanmei has effectively controlled 100% of the voting rights of Youjin, and
Goodaymart (Shanghai) Investment Co., Ltd. (“Goodaymart (Shanghai)”), Gooday and their controlled
subsidiaries, which are both under the control of Youjin, and become entities under the effective control of
the Company. Youjin, Goodaymart (Shanghai), Gooday and their controlled subsidiaries will be included
within the scope of the Company’s consolidated statements.

Continuing Connected Transactions
Following the listing of the Company by way of introduction on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange (in the form of H Shares) for the privatisation of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. by the
Company, the transactions between members of the Group and Haier Group constitute continuing
connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. These connected
transactions have complied with the disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
146   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
      The non-exempt continuing connected transactions include those for Services Supply Framework Agreement,
      Services Procurement Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement, Products
      and Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and Financial Services Framework Agreement. These
      continuing connected transaction agreements (except the Financial Services Framework Agreement) have
      been renewed during 2022 shall remain in force up to 31 December 2025. The Financial Services
      Framework Agreement had been renewed on 25 June 2021 (date of the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the
      Company) and on 26 June 2023 (date of 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company), and shall remain in
      force up to 31 December 2026. Further details and reasons of these transactions are as follows:

      Upon the Voting Rights Entrustment Agreement becoming effective, Gooday has been included in the
      consolidated statements of the Company, the Company would incur additional connected transactions in
      respect of the provision of services to Haier Group and its controlled subsidiaries from Gooday and thus
      have to revise the existing annual caps of the Services Supply Framework Agreement accordingly. The
      Board considered and approved the revision of the existing annual caps of the Services Supply Framework
      Agreement on 29 October 2024 and agreed that the Company would enter into a supplemental agreement
      to the Services Supply Framework Agreement with Haier Group to revise the existing annual caps of the
      Services Supply Framework Agreement, and extend the service contents to include “logistics services”. The
      supplemental agreement shall remain in force up to 31 December 2025.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had the following material transactions with Haier
      Group:


                                                               Cap Amounts       Transaction Amounts
                                                                      2024           2024            2023
                                                      Notes        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


        Services Supply Framework Agreement            (i)          500,000       288,000             69,000
        Services Procurement Framework
          Agreement                                    (ii)       8,190,000       706,000          6,322,000
        Products and Materials Sales
          Framework Agreement                          (iii)      3,720,000      2,341,000         2,515,000
        Products and Materials Procurement
          Framework Agreement                          (iv)      20,040,000    13,046,000         14,801,000
        Financial Services Framework
          Agreement                                    (v)
                                                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024         147

                                                                                                                Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)

                                                                           Cap Amounts                     Transaction Amounts
                                                                                  2024                         2024             2023
                                                            Notes              RMB’000                     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Deposit Services                                        (v)
      (a) Maximum daily outstanding balance                                    34,000,000                33,993,000                33,987,000
      (b) Interest income                                                       1,020,000                   874,000                   766,000
      Loan Services                                           (v)
      (a) Maximum daily outstanding balance                                    10,000,000                    196,000                    60,000
      (b) Interest expense                                                        400,000                      2,000                        —
      Other Financial Services                                (v)
      (a) Maximum daily trading balance of
            Foreign exchange derivative products                                 5,500,000                   400,000                3,054,000
      (b) Service fee                                                               80,000                     8,000                   24,000

Notes:


(i)      The Group has provided certain sales-related services mainly comprising after-sale services and value-added consumer services, such
         as installation, calibration, consultation, repair and maintenance, technical support, logistics services and other integrated services to
         Haier Group and its associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


         The purpose is that our Group has also entered into the Products Sales Framework Agreement with Haier Group, pursuant to which
         our Group would provide certain Products and Materials for Sale to Haier Group and its associates from time to time. The provision
         of sales- related services under the Services Supply Framework Agreement provides Haier Group with a one-stop solution in relation
         to its demands for Products and Materials for Sale from us. The enhancement of purchase experience of Haier Group through
         provision of sales-related services helps our Group maintain a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group.


         Pricing for the after-sale and value-added services provided by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the
         Services Supply Framework Agreement varies taking into account the type and nature of each type of services, and pricing
         increases when a higher degree of technicality or costs are involved for the required service. Each type of services would be
         provided on terms no less favourable to our Group than those prevailing in the PRC market for the services of the same or
         comparable type, nature and quality and at similar time, with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of
         transactions with independent third parties.
148   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      (ii)    The Group would purchase certain services mainly include logistics services, advertising, promotional and marketing services and
              other comprehensive services from Haier Group and its associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


              The purpose is that the Group and Haier Group have a long-term and stable business relationship. Haier Group is familiar with our
              business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements, and is able to supply relevant services we needed on
              a constant basis. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier
              Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for the relevant services in a stable and quality manner.


              The fees to be paid by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the Services Procurement Framework Agreement
              would be determined with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of transactions with independent third
              parties, or negotiated by the parties on an arm’s-length basis by taking into consideration factors including but not limited to actual
              costs and expenses and market conditions. The prices and terms shall be no less favourable than those offered to our Group by
              independent third parties.


      (iii)   The Group has to provide certain products and materials mainly include products for internal consumption, components and raw
              materials for production use and full-suite smart home solutions, including ancillary products and services to Haier Group and its
              associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


              The purpose is that the Group is familiar with Haier Group’s business process and needs, quality standards and operational
              requirements, and is able to supply the Products and Materials for Sale needed by Haier Group on a constant basis and provides
              our Group with a stable income. Our Directors believe that maintaining a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group
              will facilitate our current and future business operations. In addition, our Group is able to leverage on the centralised procurement
              platforms to source the components and materials requested by Haier Group from time to time at a relatively lower cost and profit
              from the spread offered, thereby enjoying benefits from economies of scale.


              The fees to be charged for the Products and Materials for Sale to be sold by our Group to Haier Group and its associates
              pursuant to the Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement would be at such prices to be agreed between the parties, in
              particular:

              —      The prices of sales of products and the smart home solutions would be determined taking into account the type of products
                     and solutions, retail volume, market conditions and others, and would be not lower than the price of products and solutions
                     of the similar nature, type and quality provided by our Group to comparable independent third parties in the market.

              —      The prices of sales of components and materials would be determined based on actual sales prices of the components and
                     materials plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and administrative
                     expenses of the members of our Group in providing the components and materials) of no more than 1.25%.


              The sales (including the applied discount rates and commission fee rates) would be on terms no less favourable to our Group than
              those prevailing in the PRC market for products, components and materials of the same or comparable type, nature and quality and
              at similar time as well as those offered by our Group to independent third parties.
                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024       149

                                                                                                           Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
Notes: (continued)


(iv)   The Group has to procure certain products and materials mainly comprising products for internal consumption and resale uses,
       production and experimental equipment used, idled, procured and/or tailor-made by Haier Group and its associates for the Group
       internal consumption use, and raw materials and parts required for production use from Haier Group and its associates on a non-
       exclusive basis, from time to time.


       The purpose is that Haier Group is familiar with our business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements,
       and is able to supply the Products and Materials to Procure needed by us on a constant basis. Our Group is allowed to leverage
       on the scale and efficiency of the centralised procurement platform of Haier Group and its associates for its production operations
       of different segments thereby lowering our Group’s procurement costs. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with
       Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for
       relevant stable and quality products, equipment and materials.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the products to procure would be negotiated by the
       parties at arm’s length basis on terms no less favourable than those offered to our Group by independent third parties. In the event
       that there are no appropriate independent third parties providing products and materials of same or similar quality, our Group will
       refer to the fees and terms of products of same or similar quality provided by Haier Group and its associates to independent third
       parties, cost of products and materials, estimated value and market price for comparison and referencing purpose.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the equipment to procure would be determined
       based on arm’s length negotiation after taking into account various factors such as the sources, depreciation, and net asset values
       of such equipment, relevant cost and expense (such as purchase price of such equipment, relevant operational and administrative
       expenses, etc.), with reference to the estimated values and market prices, which is determined based on the historical prices paid
       by our Group to independent third parties in procuring the equipment of similar type and quality.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the materials to procure would be determined based
       on the actual cost (for example, prices obtained by Haier Group and/or its associates through bidding process (if applicable) or
       other actual purchase prices) plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and
       administrative expenses of Haier Group and its associates in providing the materials) of no more than 1.25%, or based on market
       prices, whichever is lower.


(v)    Haier Group and its associates, Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (collectively “Haier Group Finance”), provided financial services mainly
       comprising deposit services, Loan services and entrusted loan services and other financial services to the Group on a non-exclusive
       basis from time to time.

       The purpose is that Haier Group Finance, as enterprise group finance companies specialising in home appliance industry, can,
       subject to the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission provide a chain of various financial solutions
       to our Group in a more efficient and flexible manner than independent commercial banks. The benefits to our Group to use the
       financial services of Haier Group Finance include: (i) Haier Group Finance’s better understanding of the operations and development
       needs of our Group which should allow more expedient and efficient provision of various tailor-made packaged financial services to
       our Group than other external banks in the PRC; and (ii) the enhanced cost savings by reducing the amount of finance fees and
       charges payable to external banks when Haier Group Finance can offer more favourable terms than those offered by external
       banks.


       In terms of deposit services, pursuant to the Financial Services Framework Agreement, in respect of domestic RMB deposits, Haier
       Group and its associates provides deposit services to our Group, referring to the benchmark deposit interest rate announced by the
       PBOC on its official website for the same period from time to time, at an interest rate no less favourable than the highest interest
       rate for the same type of deposits as quoted by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, China
       Construction Bank, Bank of China and all the listed national joint stock banks in the PRC. Overseas deposits in RMB and foreign
       currencies are implemented in accordance with market principles, and the interest rate of similar deposits is more favourable than
       the highest interest rate of commercial banks available to the Group.
150   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      (v)     (continued)


              In terms of loan services, Haier Group and its associates would provide loans to our Group at a price no less favourable than the
              market prices determined at arm’s length basis with reference to the borrowing rate for the same type of loans charged by other
              two to three major financial institutions/commercial banks. The entrusted loan services provided by Haier Group and its associates
              as a financial service institution for our Group are provided on a free-of-charge basis. Our Group may use the internet banking
              system of Haier Group and its associates for settlement on a free-of-charge basis.


              In terms of provision of Other Financial Services, the fees charged by Haier Group and its associates would be determined based
              on relevant market prices with reference to the benchmark rates published by the PBOC on its official website from time to time; if
              there is no such benchmark rates published by the PBOC for that kind of financial service, the fee would be determined with
              reference to, amongst other factors, the rates charged by other major financial institutions/commercial banks for the same types of
              services and on terms no less favourable than those offered by independent commercial banks/financial institutions in the PRC to
              our Group. Haier Group and its associates pools its resource advantages to obtain the lowest service fees and the best services
              from external financial institutions, and agrees that Haier Group and its associates would not charge any intermediate fees except
              those charged by external banks. In addition, Haier Group and its associates agrees to waive all the service fees to be paid by our
              Group to Haier Group and its associates, including without limitation, account management fees, online banking activation fees,
              inquiry fees, deposit certificate fees, credit certificate fees, and internal settlement fees.


      The internal audit department of the Company reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the
      adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control procedures, and provided the findings to the independent
      non-executive Directors to assist them in performing their annual reviews. The independent non-executive
      Directors also made appropriate enquiries with the management to ensure that they have sufficient
      information to review the transactions and the internal control procedures. The INEDs have reviewed the
      continuing connected transactions set out above and have confirmed that these continuing connected
      transactions were entered into:

      (i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

      (ii)    on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
              independent third parties; and

      (iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
              in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

      The amounts of the continuing connected transactions have not exceeded the caps disclosed in (i) the listing
      document for the Company’s H Shares, or (ii) other previous announcements and shareholders’ circulars
      published by the Company.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   151

                                                                                     Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, the Company’s auditors, were engaged to report on the Group’s
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and
with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under
the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. HLB
Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, have issued their unqualified letter to the Board containing their findings and
conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in
accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules as follows:

a.   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing
     connected transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors.

b.   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their
     attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in
     accordance with the pricing policies of the Group.

c.   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not
     entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
     transactions.

d.   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions set out in the
     above list of continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their attention that causes the
     auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual
     caps as set by the Company.

Save as disclosed in this chapter, none of the related party transactions set out in note 13 to the financial
statements constitute connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and/or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

DONATIONS
During the year, the Company’s expenditure on charitable donation was approximately RMB4.83 million.

TAXATION POLICIES FOR DIVIDEND
Taxation policies applicable to the shareholders in respect of the cash dividend received for the shares held
by them in the Company shall follow the laws and regulations as revised from time to time by the state,
details in relation thereto will be otherwise announced by the Company.
152   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Report of the Directors




      SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
      Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as
      at the date of this report, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public,
      and the H Shares was more than 15% of our Company’s total number of issued shares. Therefore, the
      Company is able to meet the minimum public float requirement under the Listing Rules.

      EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Details of the significant events of the Group after the reporting period are set out in note 51 to the financial
      statements.

      AUDITORS
      There have been no changes of auditors in the preceding three years, and Hexin Certified Public
      Accountants LLP audited the 2024 annual financial statements prepared by the Company in accordance with
      Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (PRC Accounting Standards).

      HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited audited the 2024 annual financial statements prepared by the Company
      in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.




      On behalf of the Board




      Li Huagang
      Chairman

      Qingdao, the PRC
      27 March 2025
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   153

                            INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
HAIER SMART HOME CO., LTD.
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 159 to 311, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
154   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Independent Auditors’ Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
        Key audit matter                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter


        Provision for impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets

        Refer to Notes 2.3, 3, 17 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements

        The Group had goodwill and other intangible         Our procedures in relation to the management’s
        assets with carrying amounts of approximately       impairment assessment included but not limited to:
        RMB27,384 million and RMB10,749 million
        respectively as at 31 December 2024.                •    Evaluating the competency, capabilities and
                                                                 objectivity of the independent professional
        This impairment assessment conclusion was
                                                                 external valuer;
        arrived at based on estimation of the recoverable
        amount of the goodwill and other intangible
                                                            •    Assessing the appropriateness of the
        assets as at 31 December 2024 using the
                                                                 methodology and key assumptions and inputs
        value-in-use model, which required exercise
        of management judgement with respect to the              used with the assistance of our valuation
        determination of appropriate discount rate and           experts;
        estimation of forecasted cash flows for the
        financial projection period, in particular future   •    Challenging management about the valuation
        revenue growth.                                          reasonableness of key assumptions and inputs
                                                                 used based on our knowledge of the business
        We focused on this area due to the size of               and industry; and
        the balances and the impairment assessment
        requires significant management’s judgments.        •    Checking, on sampling basis, the accuracy and
        Independent external valuation was obtained              relevance of the input data used.
        in order to support management’s impairment
        assessment as at 31 December 2024.                  Based on the procedures performed, we found the
                                                            management judgement and estimates used in
                                                            impairment assessment were supported by the
                                                            available evidence.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   155

                                                                            Independent Auditors’ Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
 Key audit matter                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories

 Refer to Notes 2.3, 3 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements

 As at 31 December 2024, the Group had                 Our procedures in relation to the management’s
 inventories of approximately RMB43,044 million        assessment on provision for obsolete and slow-moving
 and recognised provision for obsolete and slow-       inventory included but not limited to:
 moving inventories of approximately RMB958
 million to consolidated statement of profit or loss   •    Evaluating the estimates made by management
 during the year ended 31 December 2024.
                                                            and used to determine the value of provision for
                                                            obsolete and slow-moving inventories during the
 The provision against obsolete and slow-moving
                                                            year and compare to the provisions made in prior
 inventories is estimated based on the net
 realisable value of the inventories with reference         year;
 to the latest selling prices and current market
 conditions.                                           •    Performing a recalculation, on a sample basis, of
                                                            the inventory provision made on individual
 Management judgement is involved in estimating             inventories;
 the selling price for inventories, the costs of
 completion and the costs necessary to make the        •    Sample checking on the subsequent selling price
 sale.                                                      of finished goods; and

 We focused on this area due to the size of            •    Checking the ageing profile of inventories, the
 the balances and the judgement exercised by                historical sales and usage records of the
 management in determining value of provision for           inventories.
 the obsolete and slow-moving inventories.
                                                       Based on the procedures performed, we considered
                                                       management judgement and estimates in the provision
                                                       assessment against obsolete and slow-moving
                                                       inventories, to be supported by the available evidence.
156   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Independent Auditors’ Report




      OTHER INFORMATION
      The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
      included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
      report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
      information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
      consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
      materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
      misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
      regard.

      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
      GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
      and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure
      requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
      determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
      material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
      the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
      operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

      AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
      whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report
      that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
      responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
      assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
      HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
      and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
      influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   157

                                                                              Independent Auditors’ Report




AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
      due to fraud or error, design, and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
      a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
      involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
      are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
      effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
      conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
      conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
      the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
      to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
      going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
      transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
      group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
      work performed for the purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken
to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
158   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Independent Auditors’ Report




      AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
      of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
      therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
      precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
      matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
      reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Yau Wai Ip.




      HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
      Certified Public Accountants

      Yau Wai Ip
      Practising Certificate Number: P07849

      Hong Kong, 27 March 2025
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   159

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
  LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                            Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


REVENUE                                                      5                285,971                274,198
Cost of sales                                                                (208,128)              (200,557)


Gross profit                                                                   77,843                 73,641
Other gains, net                                             5                  3,889                   3,691
Selling and distribution expenses                                             (33,586)               (32,727)
Administrative expenses                                                       (24,524)               (23,804)
Finance costs                                                7                 (2,705)                 (2,165)
Share of profits and losses of associates                                       1,816                   1,575


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                            6                 22,733                 20,211
Income tax expenses                                          10                (3,157)                 (3,123)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                            19,576                 17,088


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
   subsequently periods:
   Share of other comprehensive loss of associates                                 (17)                  (104)
   Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
     instrument for cash flow hedges, net of tax                                   (27)                    (99)
   Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                         (847)                  (336)


                                                                                  (891)                  (539)


Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in
   subsequent periods:
   Changes arising from re-measurement of defined
     benefit plans                                                                   (1)                   40
   Change in fair value of equity investments designated
     at fair value through other comprehensive income
     (“FVTOCI”), net of tax                                                       (283)                   463


                                                                                  (284)                   503


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR,
 NET OF TAX                                                                     (1,175)                    (36)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                        18,401                 17,052
160   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                         2024         2023
                                                         Notes         RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                                 (Restated)


        Profit for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                           18,741      16,597
        Non-controlling interests                                          835         491


                                                                        19,576      17,088


        Total comprehensive income attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                           17,564      16,576
        Non-controlling interests                                          837         476


                                                                        18,401      17,052


        EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
         ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
        — Basic (RMB per share)                            12             2.02        1.79
        — Diluted (RMB per share)                          12             2.02        1.78
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   161

                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                            FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                        As at 31 December 2024




                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                            Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                14                43,603                 39,871
Investment properties                                        15                   246                     99
Right-of-use assets                                         16(a)               9,127                  8,072
Goodwill                                                     17                27,384                 24,483
Other intangible assets                                      18                10,749                  9,159
Interests in associates                                      19                20,932                 20,196
Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                      20                 5,987                  6,404
Financial assets measured at amortised cost                  22                15,699                  9,468
Long-term prepayments                                        27                 1,381                  1,747
Deferred tax assets                                          35                 2,477                  1,849
Other non-current assets                                                          839                    806


Total non-current assets                                                      138,424                122,154


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                  24                43,044                 39,525
Trade and bills receivables                                  25                38,592                 31,473
Receivables at FVTOCI                                        26                   360                    200
Contract assets                                             31(a)                 988                    261
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                  27                 9,812                  7,644
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or
  loss (“FVTPL”)                                             21                 1,236                    957
Financial assets measured at amortised cost                  22                 1,931                  1,530
Derivative financial instruments                             23                   143                     68
Pledged deposits                                             28                   533                    475
Other deposit with limited use                               28                    70                     98
Cash and cash equivalents                                    28                54,981                 56,683


Total current assets                                                          151,690                138,914


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                     29                75,737                 72,179
Other payables and accruals                                  30                32,224                 27,277
Contract liabilities                                        31(b)              10,852                  7,849
Interest-bearing borrowings                                  32                24,127                 10,999
Lease liabilities                                           16(b)               1,351                  1,339
Tax payables                                                                    2,650                  1,586
Provisions                                                   33                 2,710                  2,532
Derivative financial instruments                             23                    71                    169


Total current liabilities                                                     149,722                123,930
162   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      As at 31 December 2024




                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                   Notes           RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


        NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                            1,968           14,984


        TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                      140,392           137,138


        NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
        Interest-bearing borrowings                                 32                9,666           18,417
        Lease liabilities                                          16(b)              4,481            3,430
        Deferred income                                             34                1,081            1,122
        Deferred tax liabilities                                    35                1,542            1,528
        Provisions for pensions and similar obligations             44                2,562            1,085
        Provisions                                                  33                2,386            1,935
        Other payables and accruals                                 30                   —             1,977
        Other non-current liabilities                                                   285              114


        Total non-current liabilities                                               22,003            29,608


        Net assets                                                                 118,389           107,530


        EQUITY
        Share capital                                               36               9,383             9,438
        Reserves                                                    38             101,983            91,828


        Equity attributable to owners of the Company                               111,366           101,266
        Non-controlling interests                                                    7,023             6,264


        Total equity                                                               118,389           107,530


      The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on
      27 March 2025 and signed on its behalf by:




                            Mr. Li Huagang                                   Mr. Gong Wei
                               Chairman                                     Executive Director

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                             Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Exchange
                                                                                               Remeasurement                                         Equity                                   differences on
                                                                                Share-based         of defined    Cash flow                        method                                          translation                   Treasury                                    Non-
                                                           Issued    Capital      payments       benefits plans     hedges        FVTOCI       investments      Reserve funds     Retained            reserve        Other shares reserve        Total                 controlling
                                                            equity   reserve         reserve            reserve     reserve       reserve           reserve        (Note 38(i))     profits       (Note 38(ii))   reserves    (Note 38(v))    reverses       Total       interests    Total equity
                                                          RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M              RMB’M       RMB’M         RMB’M            RMB’M              RMB’M        RMB’M              RMB’M        RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M


At 1 January 2023                                          9,447     22,321           1,174                106           5           870                (241)            4,013     57,985               1,248         389           (3,858)    84,012       93,459         1,291          94,750
Effect of business combination under common control           —      (2,225)             —                  —            —            —                   —                 —          —                    (1)        —                —       (2,226)      (2,226)       3,584           1,358


At 1 January 2023 (restated)                               9,447     20,096           1,174                106           5           870                (241)            4,013     57,985               1,247         389           (3,858)    81,786       91,233         4,875          96,108
Profit for the year                                           —          —               —                  —            —            —                   —                 —      16,597                  —           —                —      16,597       16,597           491          17,088
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
— Share of other comprehensive loss of associates             —          —               —                  —            —             —                (104)               —           —                   —          —                —         (104)       (104)            —             (104)
— Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
     instrument for cashflow hedges, net of tax               —          —               —                  —           (98)           —                  —                 —           —                   —          —                —          (98)         (98)            (1)           (99)
— Exchange differences on translating foreign
     operations                                               —          —               —                  —            —             —                  —                 —           —                (322)         —                —         (322)       (322)           (14)           (336)
— Changes arising from re-measurement of defined
     benefit plans                                            —          —               —                  40           —             —                  —                 —           —                   —          —                —           40          40             —               40
— Change in fair value of equity investments
     designated at FVTOCI                                     —          —               —                  —            —           463                  —                 —           —                   —          —                —         463          463             —              463


Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                —          —               —                  40          (98)         463                (104)               —      16,597                (322)         —                —      16,576       16,576            476         17,052
Dividend payable to owners of the Company
  (Note 39(b))                                                —          —               —                  —            —             —                  —                 —       (5,254)                 —          —                —       (5,254)     (5,254)            —           (5,254)
Dividend payable to non-controlling interests
  (Note 39(b))                                                —          —               —                  —            —             —                  —                 —           —                   —          —                —           —            —            (25)            (25)
Transfer to reserves fund                                     —          —               —                  —            —             —                  —                828        (828)                 —          —                —           —            —             —               —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
Recognition of equity settled share-based payment             —          —             611                  —            —             —                  —                 —           —                   —          —                —         611          611             —              611
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries
  that do not result in a loss of control                     —         (53)             —                  —            —             —                  —                 —           —                   —          —                —           (53)        (53)          938             885
Business combination under common control                     —         (95)             —                  —            —             —                  —                 —           —                   —          —                —           (95)        (95)           —               (95)
Purchase of treasury shares                                   —          —               —                  —            —             —                  —                 —           —                   —          —            (1,802)     (1,802)     (1,802)            —           (1,802)
Share repurchased and cancelled (Note 36)                     (9)      (173)             —                  —            —             —                  —                 —           —                   —          —               182            9          —             —                —
Other changes                                                 —          (53)            —                  —            —             —                  —                 —           38                  —        (379)             444           50         50             —               50


At 31 December 2023                                        9,438     19,722           1,785                146          (93)        1,333               (345)            4,841     68,538                 925          10           (5,034)    91,828      101,266         6,264         107,530




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      As at 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            163
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       164

                                                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                               Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                                Exchange
                                                                                                Remeasurement                                        Equity                               differences on
                                                                                Share-based         of defined     Cash flow                       method                                      translation                  Treasury                                   Non-
                                                          Issued     Capital      payments       benefits plans      hedges        FVTOCI      investments Reserve funds        Retained          reserve        Other shares reserve        Total               controlling
                                                           equity    reserve         reserve            reserve      reserve       reserve          reserve   (Note 38(i))        profits     (Note 38(ii))   reserves    (Note 38(v))    reverses      Total      interests    Total equity
                                                          RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M              RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                As at 31 December 2024


At 1 January 2024                                           9,438     21,969           1,785               146           (93)         1,333           (345)             4,841     68,538               926         10           (5,034)     94,076    103,514         2,398         105,912
Effect of business combination under common control            —      (2,247)             —                 —             —              —              —                  —          —                 (1)        —                —       (2,248)    (2,248)        3,866           1,618


At 1 January 2024 (restated)                                9,438     19,722           1,785               146           (93)         1,333           (345)             4,841     68,538               925         10           (5,034)     91,828    101,266         6,264         107,530
Profit for the year                                            —          —               —                 —             —              —              —                  —      18,741                —          —                —       18,741     18,741           835          19,576
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024



— Share of other comprehensive loss of associates              —          —               —                  —            —              —                (17)             —           —                —           —               —          (17)       (17)           —               (17)
— Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
    instrument for cashflow hedges, net of tax                 —          —               —                  —           (28)            —                 —               —           —                —           —               —          (28)       (28)            1              (27)
— Exchange differences on translating
    foreign operations                                         —          —               —                  —            —              —                 —               —           —              (847)         —               —         (847)      (847)           —             (847)
— Changes arising from re-measurement of
                                                               —          —               —                               —              —                 —               —           —                —           —               —                                    —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


    defined benefit plans                                                                                    (1)                                                                                                                                (1)        (1)                            (1)
— Change in fair value of equity investments
     designated at FVTOCI                                      —          —               —                  —            —            (284)               —               —           —                —           —               —         (284)      (284)            1            (283)


Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                 —          —               —                  (1)         (28)          (284)              (17)             —      18,741              (847)         —               —       17,564     17,564           837          18,401


Dividend payable to owners of the Company
  (Note 39(b))                                                 —          —               —                  —            —              —                 —               —       (7,444)              —           —               —       (7,444)    (7,444)           —            (7,444)
Dividend payable to non-controlling interests
  (Note 39(b))                                                 —          —               —                  —            —              —                 —               —           —                —           —               —           —          —           (108)           (108)
Transfer to reserves fund                                      —          —               —                  —            —              —                 —             454         (454)              —           —               —           —          —             —               —
Recognition of equity settled share-based payment              —          —             374                  —            —              —                 —              —            —                —           —               —         374         374            —              374
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do
  not result in a loss of control                              —        161               —                  —            —              —                 —               —           —                —           —               —          161        161            31             192
Purchase of treasury shares                                    —         —                —                  —            —              —                 —               —           —                —           —             (559)       (559)      (559)           —             (559)
Share repurchased and cancelled (Note 36)                     (55)    (1,465)             —                  —            —              —                 —               —           —                —           —            1,520          55         —             —               —
Other changes                                                  —           7            (476)                —            —              —                 —               —          (90)              —           —              563           4          4             (1)              3


At 31 December 2024                                         9,383     18,425           1,683               145          (121)         1,049           (362)             5,295     79,291                78         10           (3,510)    101,983    111,366         7,023         118,389
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   165

                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                               CASH FLOWS
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                             Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax                                                               22,733                 20,211
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                               7                   2,705                  2,165
  Interest income                                             5                  (1,968)                (1,603)
  Share of profits and losses of associates                                      (1,816)                (1,575)
  Dividends income from equity investment designated
     at FVTOCI                                                5                     (54)                    (59)
  Loss/(gain) on disposal of financial assets/liabilities
     measured at FVTPL, net                                   5                       1                       (1)
  Loss/(gain) on disposal of associates and subsidiaries      5                      27                     (14)
  Loss on disposal of non-current assets, net                 5                      50                    108
  Fair value gain on financial assets/liabilities measured
     at FVTPL, net                                            5                    (47)                     (17)
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment               6                  5,091                   4,677
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets and investment
     properties                                               6                  1,592                   1,680
  Amortisation of other intangible assets and other
     non-current assets                                       6                  1,397                   1,285
  Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories, net     6                    958                   1,091
  Impairment of trade and bills receivables, prepayments,
     deposits and other receivables and long-term
     prepayments, net                                         6                     546                    586
  Impairment of property, plant and equipment, interests
     in associates, other intangible assets and contract
     assets, net                                              6                      45                     88
  Equity-settled share-based expense                          6                     374                    611


Operating cash inflow before movements in working
   capital                                                                      31,634                 29,233
(Increase)/decrease in inventories                                              (3,607)                   982
Increase in trade and bills receivables, prepayments,
   deposits and other receivables and contract assets                            (7,730)                (4,009)
Increase in trade and bills payables, other payable and
   accruals and contract liabilities                                             7,788                   2,930
Change in other working capital                                                     (6)                     89


Cash generated from operations                                                  28,079                 29,225
Interest received                                                                1,308                   1,153
Income tax paid                                                                 (2,844)                 (3,842)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                    26,543                 26,536
166   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                            2024          2023
                                                                  Notes   RMB’M        RMB’M
                                                                                     (Restated)


        Cash flows from investing activities
        Payment for purchases of non-current assets                       (10,071)     (10,542)
        Proceeds from disposals of non-current assets                          42          171
        Payments for and proceeds from acquisition and
          disposals of subsidiaries, net                                   (4,409)        (156)
        Payment for acquisition of associates                                  (3)        (111)
        Proceeds from disposal of associates                                   68           71
        Payment for purchases of equity investments designated
          at FVTOCI                                                            (7)           —
        Proceeds from disposals of equity investments
          designated at FVTOCI                                                38              7
        Payment for purchases of financial assets measured at
          amortised cost and financial assets at FVTPL                    (23,612)     (16,975)
        Proceeds from disposals of financial assets measured at
          amortised cost and financial assets at FVTPL                    17,114         9,367
        Dividends received from associates                                   579           684
        Dividends and interest received from equity investment
          designated at FVTOCI, financial assets measured at
          amortised cost and financial assets at FVTPL                       187           144


        Net cash used in investing activities                             (20,074)     (17,340)


        Cash flows from financing activities
        Repurchases of shares                                               (559)        (1,802)
        Proceeds from borrowings                                          13,647        20,942
        Repayments of borrowings                                          (9,569)      (18,854)
        Dividends paid to shareholders                                    (7,444)        (5,254)
        Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                          (93)            (30)
        Lease payments                                                    (1,691)        (1,729)
        Interest paid for borrowings                                      (2,444)        (1,983)
        Capital contribution from non-controlling interest                   255            911
        Other financing cash flows                                           (16)          (122)


        Net cash used in financing activities                              (7,914)      (7,921)
                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   167

                                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                          Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                (Restated)


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash
 equivalents                                                                  (1,445)                 1,275

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                           56,683                 55,157

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                    (257)                   251


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                 54,981                 56,683


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS
Non-pledged cash and bank balances                                           34,092                 32,276
Time deposits                                                                20,889                 24,407


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the Statement of
  financial position                                                         54,981                 56,683
168   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP
            The predecessor of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) was
            Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, which was established in 1984. In 1989, based on the reorganisation of
            the original Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, a limited company was set up by directional fund raising of
            RMB150 million. In 1993, after converting to a public subscription company and issuing additional 50
            million shares to the public, the A shares of the Company were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange in
            November 1993. The D shares and H shares of the Company were listed on the Frankfurt Stock
            Exchange in December 2018 and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in December 2020
            respectively.

            The address of the registered office is located at the Haier Science and Technology Innovation
            Ecological Park, Laoshan District, Qingdao, Shandong Province.

            In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the ultimate controlling parent company of the
            Company is Haier Group Corporation (“Haier Group”).

            The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred as the “Group”) are mainly engaged in research,
            development, production and sales of home appliances covering refrigerator/freezers, kitchen
            appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances, water appliances and other smart home business, as
            well as offering complete sets of smart home solutions.

            The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
            currency of the Company and all values are rounded to the nearest million (“RMB’M”) (“’M”), except
            when otherwise indicated.
                                                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024                     169

                                                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2024




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                     Issued ordinary/
                                         Place of Incorporation/           registered    Percentage of equity attributable to the                                    Type of
     Name                                registration of business       share capital         Company as at 31 December                Principal activities          legal status
                                                                                   ’M          2024                    2023
                                                                                         Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Wonder Global (BVI) Investment      British Virgin Islands           RMB18,596          —         100           —          100    Manufacture and sale of       Limited liability
       Limited                              (“BVI”)/BVI                                                                                  household appliances and       company
                                                                                                                                         logistics service

     Haier U.S. Appliance                USA/USA                        United States        —         100           —          100    Home appliances production    Limited liability
       Solutions, Inc.                                                 Dollars (“USD”)                                                   and distribution business      company
                                                                                 2,307

     Haier Singapore Investment          Singapore/                         USD1,708         —         100           —          100    Home appliances production    Limited liability
       Holding Co., Ltd.                    Singapore                                                                                    and distribution business      company

     Haier New Zealand Investment        New Zealand/                   New Zealand          —         100           —          100    Home appliances production    Limited liability
       Holding Company Limited             New Zealand                 Dollars (“NZD”)                                                   and distribution business      company
                                                                                   596

     Candy S.p.A                         Europe/Italy                 Euro (“EUR”) 42        —         100           —          100    Home appliances production    Limited liability
                                                                                                                                         and distribution business      company

     Fisher & Paykel Appliances          New Zealand/                        NSD246          —         100           —          100    Research, development,        Limited liability
        Limited                            New Zealand                                                                                   manufacture, sale and          company
                                                                                                                                         distribution of home
                                                                                                                                         appliance business

     CO2OLtec Commercial                 Netherlands/                       EUR0.057         —         100           —           —     Home appliances production    Limited liability
       Refrigeration B.V. (formerly        Netherlands                                                                                   and distribution business      company
       known as Carrier Refrigeration
       Benelux B.V.) (“CCR”)

     Kwikot (Haier) SA (Pty) Ltd.        South Africa/South Africa      South African        —         100           —           —     Water heater production and   Limited liability
       (formerly know as Electrolux                                     Rand (“ZAR”)                                                     distribution business          company
       South Africa (Ptd) Ltd.)                                               0.0499
       (“Kwikot”)

     Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd.   Mainland China/                  Hong Kong        100           —          100          —     Investment holding            Limited liability
                                           Bermuda                      Dollar (“HKD”)                                                                                  company
                                                                                 3,107

     Qingdao Haier Air Conditioner Gen   Mainland China/                     RMB918      92.37           —        92.37          —     Manufacture and sale          Limited liability
        Corp., Ltd.                        Mainland China                                                                                of household air-              company
                                                                                                                                         conditioners

     Guizhou Haier Electronics           Mainland China/                     RMB141         59           —           59          —     Manufacture and sale of       Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                                refrigerator                   company

     Hefei Haier Air-                    Mainland China/                      RMB12        100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sale of       Limited liability
       conditioning Co., Limited           Mainland China                                                                                air-conditioners               company

     Wuhan Haier Electronics             Mainland China/                      RMB62      59.86           —        59.86          —     Manufacture and sale of       Limited liability
       Holding Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                                air-conditioners               company
170   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                           Issued ordinary/
                                                Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
            Name                                registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                         ’M         2024                    2023
                                                                                              Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


            Qingdao Haier Air-Conditioner       Mainland China/                    RMB958     97.43           —        97.43          —     Manufacture and sale of          Limited liability
              Electronics Co.,                    Mainland China                                                                              air-conditioners                  company

            Qingdao Haier Information           Mainland China/                     RMB78       100           —          100          —     Manufacture of plastic           Limited liability
              Plastic Development                 Mainland China                                                                              product                           company
              Co., Ltd.

            Dalian Haier Precision Products     Mainland China/                     RMB48        90           —           90          —     Manufacture and sale of          Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              precise plastics                  company

            Hefei Haier Plastic                 Mainland China/                     RMB41     95.17         4.83       95.17        4.83    Manufacture and sale of          Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              plastic parts                     company

            Qingdao Meier Plastic Powder        Mainland China/                     RMB12        40           60          40          60    Manufacture of plastic powder, Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              plastic sheet                   company
                                                                                                                                              and high-performance
                                                                                                                                              coatings

            Chongqing Haier Precision Plastic   Mainland China/                     RMB65        90           10          90          10    Plastic products, sheet metal    Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               work, electronics and            company
                                                                                                                                               hardware

            Qingdao Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China/                    RMB207     97.91           —        97.91          —     Manufacture and production of Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              fluorine-free refrigerators    company

            Qingdao Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China/                    RMB260       100           —          100          —     Manufacture of refrigerators     Limited liability
              (International) Co., Ltd.           Mainland China                                                                                                                company

            Qingdao Household                   Mainland China/                     RMB67       100           —          100          —     Research and development         Limited liability
              Appliance Technology                Mainland China                                                                              of home appliances mold           company
              and Equipment                                                                                                                   and technological
              Research Institute                                                                                                              equipment

            Qingdao Haier Whole Set             Mainland China/                    RMB120     98.33           —        98.33          —     Research, development           Limited liability
              Home Appliance                      Mainland China                                                                              and sale of Health-related of    company
              Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               small home appliance



            Qingdao Haier Special               Mainland China/                    RMB166       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of         Limited liability
              Refrigerator Co., Ltd.              Mainland China                                                                              fluorine-free refrigerators       company

            Qingdao Haier Dishwasher            Mainland China/                    RMB180     99.59           —        99.59          —     Manufacture of dish washing      Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              machine and gas stove             company
                                                                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024                        171

                                                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                   Issued ordinary/
                                        Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
     Name                               registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                 ’M         2024                    2023
                                                                                      Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Special              Mainland China/                    RMB388     96.78           —        96.78          —     Research, manufacture          Limited liability
       Freezer Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                              and sales of freezer and        company
                                                                                                                                      other refrigeration products

     Dalian Haier Air-Conditioning      Mainland China/                    RMB110        90           —           90          —     Air conditioner processing and Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                                manufacturing                 company

     Dalian Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China/                    RMB110       100           —          100          —     Refrigerator processing and      Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                               manufacturing                    company

     Qingdao Haier Electronic           Mainland China/                     RMB60       100           —          100          —     Development, assembling          Limited liability
       Plastic Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                              and sales of plastics,            company
                                                                                                                                      electronics and product

     Wuhan Haier Freezer Co., Ltd.      Mainland China/                     RMB57     82.93         4.36       82.93        4.36    Research, manufacture          Limited liability
                                          Mainland China                                                                              and sales of freezer and        company
                                                                                                                                      other refrigeration products

     Qingdao Haidarui Procurement       Mainland China/                    RMB110        98            2          98           2    Development, purchase and        Limited liability
       Service Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                              sales of electrical               company
                                                                                                                                      products and components

     Qingdao Haier Intelligent Home     Mainland China/                    RMB357     91.46         1.01       91.46        1.01    Development and application of Limited liability
       Appliance Technology Co., Ltd.     Mainland China                                                                              household appliances,           company
                                                                                                                                      communication, network
                                                                                                                                      engineering technology

     Chongqing Haier Air-conditioning   Mainland China/                    RMB130     76.92        23.08       76.92       23.08    Manufacture and sales of air     Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                              conditioners                      company

     Qingdao Haier Precision Products   Mainland China/                     RMB10         —           70          —           70    Development and manufacture Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                              of precise plastic, metal    company
                                                                                                                                      plate, mould and electronic
                                                                                                                                      products for home
                                                                                                                                      appliances

     Qingdao Haier Air Conditioning     Mainland China/                     RMB20         —         100           —          100    Manufacture of home          Limited liability
       Equipment Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                              appliances and electronics    company

     Zhongshan Haier HV Equipment       Mainland China/                     RMB20         —         100           —          100    Sales of home appliances         Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                                                                company

     Qingdao Haier HV Equipment         Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    Manufacturing and                Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                              sales of air-conditioning         company
                                                                                                                                      equipment
172   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                            Issued ordinary/
                                                 Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
            Name                                 registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                          ’M         2024                    2023
                                                                                               Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


            Qingdao Haier Smart Dishwasher       Mainland China/                     RMB50         —         100           —          100    Manufacture, R&D and sales       Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                            Mainland China                                                                              of home appliances                company

            Dalian Free Trade Zone Haier Air-    Mainland China/                      RMB1         —         100           —          100    Domestic trade                   Limited liability
              conditioning Trading Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                                                                company

            Dalian Free Trade Zone Haier         Mainland China/                      RMB1         —         100           —          100    Domestic trade                   Limited liability
              Refrigerator Trading Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                                                                company

            Chongqing Haier Electronics Sales    Mainland China/                     RMB10        95            5          95           5    Sales of home appliances         Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                            Mainland China                                                                                                                company

            Chongqing Haier Refrigeration        Mainland China/                    RMB108     84.95        15.05       84.95       15.05    Processing and manufacturing Limited liability
              Appliance Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                               of refrigerator              company

            Hefei Haier Refrigerator Co., Ltd.   Mainland China/                     RMB49       100           —          100          —     Processing and manufacturing Limited liability
                                                   Mainland China                                                                               of refrigerator              company

            Qingdao Haier Intelligent Building   Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Air-conditioning engineer        Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.                 Mainland China                                                                                                                company

            Chongqing Lianmai Electric           Mainland China/                      RMB5         —           51          —           51    Sale of home appliances and      Limited liability
              Appliance Sale Co., Ltd              Mainland China                                                                               electronics                      company

            Qingdao Haier (Jiaozhou)             Mainland China/                    RMB119         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and sale of          Limited liability
              Air-conditioning Co., Ltd            Mainland China                                                                              air-conditioners                  company

            Qingdao Haier Component              Mainland China/                     RMB80         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and sale of plastic Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                            Mainland China                                                                              and precise sheet metal          company
                                                                                                                                               products

            Shenyang Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China/                    RMB100       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of         Limited liability
              Co., Ltd                             Mainland China                                                                              refrigerator                      company

            Foshan Haier Freezer Co., Ltd.       Mainland China/                    RMB100       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of         Limited liability
                                                   Mainland China                                                                              refrigerator                      company

            Zhengzhou Haier Air-conditioning     Mainland China/                    RMB100       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of         Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                            Mainland China                                                                              freezer                           company

            Qingdao Haidayuan Procurement        Mainland China/                     RMB20       100           —          100          —     Development, purchase and        Limited liability
              Service Co., Ltd                     Mainland China                                                                              sales of electrical product       company
                                                                                                                                               and components
                                                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024                        173

                                                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                    Issued ordinary/
                                         Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
     Name                                registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                  ’M         2024                    2023
                                                                                       Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Intelligent           Mainland China/                    RMB130       100           —          100          —     Development and research of Limited liability
       Technology Development              Mainland China                                                                              home appliances products     company
       Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Hairi High Technology       Mainland China/                      RMB7         —         100           —          100    Design, manufacture and          Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              sales of product model            company
                                                                                                                                       and mould

     Qingdao Hai Gao Design and          Mainland China/                      RMB1         —           75          —           75    Industrial design and            Limited liability
       Manufacture Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                               prototype production             company

     Shanghai Haier Medical              Mainland China/                     RMB38         —        66.87          —        66.87    Wholesale and retail of medical Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                              facility                         company

     Qingdao Haier Technology            Mainland China/                     RMB80       100           —          100          —     Development and sales of         Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              software and information          company
                                                                                                                                       product

     Qingdao Haier Technology            Mainland China/                    RMB410       100           —          100          —     Entrepreneurship investment      Limited liability
       Investment Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               and consulting                   company

     Qingdao Casarte Smart Living        Mainland China/                     RMB50         —         100           —          100    Development, production          Limited liability
       Appliances Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                              and sales of appliances           company

     Qingdao Haichuangyuan               Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    Sales of home appliances         Limited liability
       Appliances Sales Co., Ltd.          Mainland China                                                                               and digital products             company

     Haier Overseas Electric Appliance   Mainland China/                    RMB500       100           —          100          —     Sales of home appliances,        Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               international freight            company
                                                                                                                                        forwarding

     Haier Group (Dalina) Electrical     Mainland China/                      RMB5       100           —          100          —     Sales of home appliances,        Limited liability
       Appliances Industry Co., Ltd        Mainland China                                                                               international freight            company
                                                                                                                                        forwarding

     Qingdao Haier Central               Mainland China/                    RMB110         —         100           —          100    Production and sale of           Limited liability
       Air Conditioning Co., Ltd.          Mainland China                                                                               air conditioning and             company
                                                                                                                                        refrigeration equipment
174   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                           Issued ordinary/
                                                Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                     Type of
            Name                                registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities           legal status
                                                                                         ’M         2024                    2023
                                                                                              Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


            Chongqing Haier Home Appliance      Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Sale of household appliances   Limited liability
              Sale Hefei Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                                                              company

            Qingdao Weixi Smart Technology      Mainland China/                      RMB4         —           85          —           85    Intelligent sanitary ware      Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                                                              company

            Haier U+smart Intelligent           Mainland China/                    RMB143       100           —          100          —     Software development           Limited liability
              Technology (Beijing)                Mainland China                                                                                                              company
              Co., Ltd.

            Haier (Shanghai) Electronics        Mainland China/                     RMB13       100           —          100          —     Sale, research and             Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               development of home            company
                                                                                                                                               appliances

            Shanghai Haier Zhongzhi Fang        Mainland China/                      RMB2       100           —          100          —     Business management            Limited liability
              Chuang Ke Management                Mainland China                                                                              consulting chuangke             company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                       management

            Qingdao Haier Smart Kitchen         Mainland China/                    RMB180         —        85.82          —        85.82    Production and sales of        Limited liability
              Appliances Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               kitchen smart home             company
                                                                                                                                               appliances

            GE Appliance (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.   Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    Sale of home appliances        Limited liability
                                                  Mainland China                                                                                                              company

            Qingdao Haier Special               Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Production and sale of home    Limited liability
              Refrigerating Appliance             Mainland China                                                                               appliances                     company
              Co., Ltd.

            Shanghai Zhihan Technology          Mainland China/                     RMB27         —         100           —          100    Promotion of technological     Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               development                    company

            Laiyang Haier Smart Kitchen         Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Production and sale of home    Limited liability
               Appliance Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               appliances                     company

            Hefei Haier Air Conditioning        Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Production and sale of home    Limited liability
              Electronics Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                               appliances                     company

            Haier (Shanghai) Home Appliance     Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Research and development of Limited liability
              Research and Development            Mainland China                                                                              home appliances              company
              Center Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024                        175

                                                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                  Issued ordinary/
                                       Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
     Name                              registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                ’M         2024                    2023
                                                                                     Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Haier (Shenzhen) R&D Co., Ltd.    Mainland China/                     RMB15         —         100           —          100    Development, research and  Limited liability
                                         Mainland China                                                                              technical services of       company
                                                                                                                                     household and commercial
                                                                                                                                     electrical

     Guangzhou Haier Air Conditioner   Mainland China/                    RMB200         —         100           —          100    Manufacturing of refrigeration   Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                         Mainland China                                                                              and air conditioning              company
                                                                                                                                     equipment

     Qingdao Yunshang Yuyi IOT         Mainland China/                     RMB20         —           60          —           60    IoT technology research and      Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.              Mainland China                                                                               development                      company

     Qingdao Jija Cloud Intelligent    Mainland China/                      RMB1         —           80          —           80    R&D and sales of lighting        Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.              Mainland China                                                                              appliances                        company

     Qingdao Haimeihui Management      Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Leasing and business services Limited liability
       Consulting Co., Ltd.              Mainland China                                                                                                             company

     Wuxi Yunshang Internet of         Mainland China/                      RMB3         —         100           —          100    Internet of Things technology    Limited liability
       Clothing Technology Co., Ltd.     Mainland China                                                                                R&D                             company

     Qingdao Haidacheng Procurement    Mainland China/                    RMB100       100           —          100          —     Develop, purchase and sell       Limited liability
       Service Co., Ltd.                 Mainland China                                                                              electrical products and           company
                                                                                                                                     components

     Guangdong Haier Intelligent       Mainland China/                     RMB33         —        76.72          —        76.72    Scientific research and          Limited liability
       Technology Co. Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                               technical service sector         company

     Beijing Haixianghui Technology    Mainland China/                      RMB8         —         100           —          100    Scientific research and          Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                         Mainland China                                                                               technical service sector         company

     Haier Smart Home Experience       Mainland China/                    RMB100       100           —          100          —     Technology development of     Limited liability
       Cloud Ecological Technology       Mainland China                                                                               smart home products, whole    company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                      furniture customization

     Haier Smart Home (Qingdao)        Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Technical services,              Limited liability
       Network Co., Ltd.                 Mainland China                                                                               development, consulting,         company
                                                                                                                                      transfer, etc.
176   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                          Issued ordinary/
                                               Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                        Type of
            Name                               registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities              legal status
                                                                                        ’M         2024                    2023
                                                                                             Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


            Haier Smart Home (Qingdao)         Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Residential interior decoration, Limited liability
              Network Operation Co., Ltd         Mainland China                                                                              professional construction         company
                                                                                                                                             operation, special
                                                                                                                                             equipment installation,
                                                                                                                                             upgrading and repair, etc.

            Qingdao Internet of Wine           Mainland China/                     RMB70         —         100           —          100    Urban distribution and         Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd                Mainland China                                                                               transportation services,       company
                                                                                                                                              import and export of goods,
                                                                                                                                              technology import and
                                                                                                                                              export and food business,
                                                                                                                                              etc.

            Qingdao Linghai Air Conditioning   Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and production of Limited liability
              Equipment Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                              air conditioners and           company
                                                                                                                                             refrigeration equipment

            Qingdao Haixiangxue Human          Mainland China/                      RMB5       100           —          100          —     Professional intermediary         Limited liability
              Resources Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               activities                        company

            Jiangxi Haier Medical Technology   Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Wholesale and retail of medical Limited liability
               Co., Ltd.                         Mainland China                                                                              equipment                        company

            Qingdao Haizhi Shenlan             Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    Technology service                Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                               development                       company

            Qingdao Haishengze Technology      Mainland China/                      RMB1         —         100           —          100    Air conditioning equipment        Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                                technical services               company

            Qingdao Hailvyuan Recycling        Mainland China/                     RMB55         —         100           —          100    Electrical and electronic         Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                               products waste treatment          company

            Qingdao Haier HVAC Equipment       Mainland China/                    RMB400        75           25          75          25    Manufacture and sale of           Limited liability
              Co., Ltd                           Mainland China                                                                              air-conditioners                   company
                                                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024                         177

                                                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                    Issued ordinary/
                                         Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                        Type of
     Name                                registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities              legal status
                                                                                  ’M         2024                    2023
                                                                                       Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Home AI Industry      Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Integrated service of AI        Limited liability
       Innovation Center Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                                industry application system    company

     Zhejiang Weixi IoT Technology       Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    IoT application service           Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                                                                 company

     Qingdao Haier Quality Inspection    Mainland China/                      RMB1       100           —          100          —     Inspection and testing of         Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               household Appliances              company

     Qingdao Haiyongcheng                Mainland China/                      RMB1         —         100           —          100    Production certification service Limited liability
       Certification Service Co., Ltd.     Mainland China                                                                                                                company

     Qingdao Zhonghai Borui Testing      Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Home appliance testing and        Limited liability
       Technology Service Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                              technology consulting              company

     Qingdao Haier Special Plastic       Mainland China/                     RMB86         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and sale of           Limited liability
       Development Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                              refrigerator doors                 company

     Qingdao Haizhiling Air              Mainland China/                      RMB8         —         100           —          100    Software development and          Limited liability
       Conditioning Engineering            Mainland China                                                                               sale of daily necessities         company
       Co., Ltd.

     Haier Smart Home (Xiongan,          Mainland China/                     RMB50         —         100           —          100    Promotion of energy-saving        Limited liability
       Hebei) Technology Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                               technology                        company

     Qingdao Ruibo Ecological            Mainland China/                     RMB55     89.13           —        89.13          —     Environmental and AI              Limited liability
       Environmental Technology            Mainland China                                                                               technology consulting             company
       Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Sanyiniao Technology        Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Technology service and            Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               advertisement design              company

     Qingdao Jingzhi Recycle             Mainland China/                     RMB30         —         100           —          100    Operation of dangerous waste Limited liability
       Environmental Technology            Mainland China                                                                                                            company
       Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Yunshang Jieshen Yilian     Mainland China/                      RMB4         —           51          —           51    Professional cleaning and sale Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               of daily necessities           company

     Shanghai Yunshang Yuyi IoT          Mainland China/                      RMB3         —         100           —          100    Professional cleaning and sale Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               of daily necessities           company

     Shijiazhuang Yunshang Yilian        Mainland China/                      RMB1         —           51          —           51    Professional cleaning and sale Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               of daily necessities           company
178   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                              Issued ordinary/
                                                   Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                     Type of
            Name                                   registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities           legal status
                                                                                            ’M         2024                    2023
                                                                                                 Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


            Nanjing Yunshang Yilian                Mainland China/                      RMB5         —           80          —           80    Professional cleaning and      Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                               sale of daily necessities      company

            Shanxi Yunshang Yilian                 Mainland China/                      RMB2         —           51          —           51    Professional cleaning and      Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                               sale of daily necessities      company

            Tianjin Yunshang Yilian                Mainland China/                      RMB5         —           51          —           51    Professional cleaning and      Limited liability
               Technology Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                               sale of daily necessities      company

            Chengdu Yunshang Meier Yilian          Mainland China/                     RMB12         —           80          —           80    Professional cleaning and      Limited liability
              Technology Co., ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                               sale of daily necessities      company

            Qingdao Haixiangmian Technology        Mainland China/                     RMB30         —         100           —          100    Sale of food and daily         Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                              Mainland China                                                                               necessities                    company

            Qingdao Haier Kitchen IoT              Mainland China/                      RMB2         —         100           —          100    Technology service and sale    Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                               of daily necessities           company

            Tibet Haifeng Intelligent Innovation   Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Development of software and    Limited liability
               Technology Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                              medical equipment               company

            Qingdao Haixiangzhi Technology         Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Manufacture of home            Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                              Mainland China                                                                              appliances                      company

            Qingdao Haier Refrigeration            Mainland China/                    RMB300         —         100           —          100    Manufacture of home            Limited liability
              Appliances Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                              appliances                      company

            Chongqing Haier Wasting                Mainland China/                    RMB135         —         100           —          100    Manufacture of home            Limited liability
              Appliances Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                              appliances                      company

            Tongfang Energy Technology             Mainland China/                    RMB183         —        84.32          —        84.32    Technology development         Limited liability
              Development Co., Ltd                   Mainland China                                                                               service                        company

            Qingdao Haier Youyang                  Mainland China/                     RMB50         —           51          —           51    Technology development         Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd                    Mainland China                                                                               service                        company

            Qingdao Haier Yikang Technology        Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Technology development         Limited liability
              Co., Ltd                               Mainland China                                                                               service                        company
                                                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024                        179

                                                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                    Issued ordinary/
                                         Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
     Name                                registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                  ’M         2024                    2023
                                                                                       Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Smart Dishwasher      Mainland China/                     RMB50         —         100           —           —     Manufacture of home              Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              appliance

     Zhongshan Haier HV Equipment        Mainland China/                     RMB20         —         100           —           —     Sales of home appliance          Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China

     Qingdao Haier HV Equipment          Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —           —     Manufacturing and sales of air- Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                              conditioning equipment

     Jingzhou Haier Environment          Mainland China/                    RMB250         —         100           —           —     Renewable Energy Recycling       Limited liability
        Protection Material Technology     Mainland China
        Co., Ltd.

     Jingzhou Haizhi Cycle Technology    Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —           —     Renewable Energy Recycling       Limited liability
        Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China


     *         The English names of Mainland China companies referred to above in this note represent management’s best efforts in
               translating these names into English as no English name have been registered or available.


     **        The above table is a list of principal subsidiaries of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
               the Directors, result in excessive length.


     The Company and all its subsidiaries have adopted 31 December, as their financial year end.

2.1 APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS
     Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the
     current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
     issued by the IASB for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period
     beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to IFRS 16                                                       Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
     Amendments to IAS 1                                                         Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
     Amendments to IAS 1                                                         Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
     Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                                              Supplier Finance Arrangements

     The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no
     material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years
     and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.
180   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.1 APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
          STANDARDS (continued)
            New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
            The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards,
            that have been issued but are not yet effective:

            Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                       Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                    Financial Instruments3
            Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                       Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3
            Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                      Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                    its Associate or Joint Venture1
            Amendments to IFRS Accounting                         Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards
              Standards                                             — Volume 113
            Amendments to IAS 21                                  Lack of Exchangeability2
            IFRS 18                                               Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4
            IFRS 19                                               Subsidiaries without Public Accountability Disclosure4

            1
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
            2
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
            3
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
            4
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


            The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to IFRS
            Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the
            foreseeable future.

      2.2 BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS
            The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with
            International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and
            Interpretations (hereinafter collectively refer to as the “IFRS Accounting Standards”) issued by the
            International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”). For the purpose of preparation of the
            consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably
            expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial
            statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies
            Ordinance.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   181

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.2 BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS (continued)
   Merger accounting for business combination involving business under common
   control
   On 29 October 2024, Bingji (Shanghai) Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Bingji”), a subsidiary of
   Haier Group, entered into the voting rights entrustment agreement with Guanmei (Shanghai) Enterprise
   Management Co., Ltd. (“Guanmei”), an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to
   which Bingji shall irrevocably, exclusively and solely entrust to Guanmei the exercise of all voting rights
   in respect of all equity interests in Youjin (Shanghai) Corporate Management Co., Ltd. (“Youjin”) held
   by Bingji on or after the date of signing of that agreement, which representing 55% of the current total
   registered capital of Youjin. Bingji and Guanmei hold 55% and 45% of the equity interests in Youjin
   respectively. Upon the voting rights entrustment agreement effective on 20 December 2024, Guanmei
   is effectively control 100% of the voting rights of Youjin, and Goodaymart (Shanghai) Investment Co.,
   Ltd., Gooday Supply Chain Technologies Co., Ltd. and their controlled subsidiaries, which are both
   under the control of Youjin, become entities under the effective control of the Company. The voting
   rights entrustment does not involve a consideration payment arrangement, which is determined after
   arm’s length negotiations between the parties. Youjin is an investment holding company and its
   subsidiaries are principally engaged in the provision of logistics services.

   Since the Company and Youjin were ultimately controlled by Haier Group both before and after the
   completion of the voting rights entrustment agreement, the acquisition of the Youjin was accounted for
   using the principles of merger accounting.

   The consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
   statements of changes in equity and the consolidated statements of cash flows of the Group for the
   year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 include the results, changes in equity and cash flows of all
   companies then comprising the Group and Youjin, as if the corporate structure of the Group
   immediately after the completion of the voting rights entrustment agreement had been in existence
   throughout the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, or since their respective dates of acquisition,
   incorporation or registration, where this is a shorter period.

   The consolidated statement of financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2023 has been
   prepared to present the state of affairs of the Group and Youjin as if the corporate structure of the
   Group immediately after the completion of the voting rights entrustment agreement had been in
   existence and in accordance with the respective equity interests and/or the power to exercise control
   over the individual company attributable to the Company as at 31 December 2023. There are no
   significant adjustments made to the net assets and net profit or loss previously reported by the Group
   as a consequence on the merger accounting for business combination involving businesses under
   common control.
182   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
            Basis of consolidation
            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
            controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

            •      has power over the investee;

            •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

            •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
            there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

            When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the
            investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant
            activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in
            assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power,
            including:

            •      the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of
                   the other vote holders;

            •      potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

            •      rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

            •      any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the
                   current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made,
                   including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

            Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
            when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
            acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
            and other comprehensive income/consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the Group
            gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

            Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
            Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
            to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-
            controlling interests having a deficit balance.

            When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
            accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

            All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
            between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   183

                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Basis of consolidation (continued)
   Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
   which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
   assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

   Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
   Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
   subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
   components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
   relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and
   the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
   interests.

   Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
   value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of
   the Company.

   When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and
   non-controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is
   calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received
   and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including
   goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts
   previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as
   if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to
   profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs).
   The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is
   regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial
   Instruments or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a
   joint venture.

   Business combinations or asset acquisitions
   Optional concentration test
   The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis,
   that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a
   business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired
   is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets
   under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from
   the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is
   determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

   Asset acquisitions
   When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
   identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating
   the purchase price first to investment properties which are subsequently measured under fair value
   model and financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the
   purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their
   relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or
   bargain purchase gain.
184   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Business combinations
            A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive
            process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes
            are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an
            organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related
            processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are
            considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the
            ability to continue producing outputs.

            Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for
            using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at
            fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred
            by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
            interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are
            generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

            The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a
            liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for
            transactions and events within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent
            Assets or IFRIC-Int 21 Levies, in which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC-Int 21 instead of the
            Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent
            assets are not recognised.

            At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
            their fair value, except that:

            •      deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
                   are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
                   Benefits respectively;

            •      liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                   share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                   arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment at
                   the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

            •      assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5
                   Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with
                   that standard; and
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   185

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Business combinations (continued)
   •    lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
        (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
        for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
        underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same
        amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
        lease when compared with market terms.

   Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
   non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity
   interest in the acquiree over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
   assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets
   acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
   non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in
   the acquiree, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

   Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
   proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
   measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
   acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value.

   When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
   consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value
   and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair
   value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted
   retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information
   obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date)
   about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

   The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
   adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that
   is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement
   is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
   remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being
   recognised in profit or loss.

   When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
   acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains
   control), and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive
   income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that
   have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 would be
   accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the
   previously held equity interest.
186   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Business combinations (continued)
            If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in
            which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
            accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the
            measurement period (see above), and additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new
            information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known,
            would have affected the amounts recognised at that date.

            Merger accounting for business combination involving businesses under common
            control
            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
            businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined from the
            date when the combining businesses first came under the control of the controlling party.

            The net assets of the combining businesses are consolidated using the existing book values from the
            controlling party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or bargain purchase
            gain at the time of common control combination.

            Expenditure incurred in relation to a common control combination that is to be accounted for by using
            merger accounting is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

            The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income includes the results of
            each of the combining businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the
            combining businesses first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period.

            The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the businesses
            had been combined at the beginning of the previous reporting period or when they first came under
            common control, whichever is shorter.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   187

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Goodwill
   Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
   acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if
   any.

   For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
   units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
   combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
   management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

   A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
   tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
   impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or
   group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before
   the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
   impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other
   assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of
   cash-generating units).

   On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
   cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
   amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the
   cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of
   goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the
   cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of
   cash-generating units) retained.

   The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is
   described below.
188   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Investments in associates
            An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
            power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
            joint control over those policies.

            The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
            statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment, or a portion thereof,
            is classified as held for sale, in which case it is or the portion so classified is accounted for in
            accordance with IFRS 5. Any retained portion of an investment in an associate that has not been
            classified as held for sale continues to be accounted for using the equity method. The financial
            statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting
            policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Appropriate
            adjustments have been made to conform the associate’s accounting policies to those of the Group.
            Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated
            statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the
            profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the
            associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such
            changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of
            losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term
            interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group
            discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent
            that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
            associate.

            An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
            investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the
            cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
            liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the
            investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
            liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss
            in the period in which the investment is acquired.

            The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
            impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
            goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
            recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying
            amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms
            part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in
            accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
            increases.

            When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
            transactions with the associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the
            extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   189

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers
   The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
   the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

   A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
   distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

   Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
   towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
   met:

   •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
        performance as the Group performs;

   •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
        performs; or

   •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
        Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

   Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
   good or service.

   A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
   the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
   accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
   consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

   A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
   which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

   A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented
   on a net basis.

   Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)
   For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (please specify), the Group allocates
   the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis,
   except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.

   The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is
   determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised
   good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the
   Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to
   any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
   entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.
190   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
            performance obligation
            Output method
            The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output
            method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods
            or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised
            under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or
            services.

            As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds
            directly with the value of the Group’s performance completed to date, the Group recognises revenue in
            the amount to which the Group has the right to invoice.

            Input method
            The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input
            method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of the Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction
            of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance
            obligation, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.

            Variable consideration
            For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to
            which it will be entitled using (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, which better
            predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

            The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
            that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
            future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

            At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
            updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent
            faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
            circumstances during the reporting period.

            Notwithstanding the above criteria, the Group shall recognise revenue for a sales-based or
            usage-based royalty promised in exchange for a licence of intellectual property only when (or as) the
            later of the following events occurs:

            •      the subsequent sale or usage occurs; and

            •      the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based or usage-based royalty has
                   been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   191

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Refund liabilities
   The Group recognises a refund liability if the Group expects to refund some or all of the consideration
   received from customers.

   Sales with a right-of-return
   For a sale of products with a right of return/exchange for dissimilar products, the Group recognises all
   of the following:

   (a)   revenue for the transferred products in the amount of consideration to which the Group expects
         to be entitled (therefore, revenue would not be recognised for the products expected to be
         returned/exchanged);

   (b)   a refund liability/contract liability; and

   (c)   an asset (and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) for its right to recover products from
         customers and are presented as right to returned goods asset.

   Existence of significant financing component
   In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the
   effects of the time value of money if the timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly)
   provides the customer or the Group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or
   services to the customer. In those circumstances, the contract contains a significant financing
   component. A significant financing component may exist regardless of whether the promise of
   financing is explicitly stated in the contract or implied by the payment terms agreed to by the parties
   to the contract.

   For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is
   less than one year, the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for
   any significant financing component.

   Principal versus agent
   When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
   whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
   services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by
   the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).
192   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Principal versus agent (continued)
            The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
            transferred to a customer.

            The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified
            good or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or
            service provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the
            Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it
            expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by
            the other party.

            Sale of goods
            Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
            transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of goods.

            (i)    Rights of return
                   For contracts which provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified
                   period, the expected value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned
                   because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group will
                   be entitled. The requirements in IFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are
                   applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the
                   transaction price. For goods that are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, a refund
                   liability is recognised. A right-of-return asset (and the corresponding adjustment to cost of sales)
                   is also recognised for the right to recover products from a customer.

            (ii)   Sales rebates
                   Retrospective sales rebates may be provided to certain customers once the value of products
                   purchased during the period exceeds a threshold specified in the contract. Rebates are offset
                   against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable consideration for the
                   expected future rebates, the most likely amount method is used for contracts with a
                   single-threshold and the expected value method for contracts with more than one threshold. The
                   selected method that best predicts the amount of variable consideration is primarily driven by the
                   thresholds contained in the contract. The requirements on constraining estimates of variable
                   consideration are applied and a refund liability for the expected future rebates is recognised.

            Rendering of service
            (i) Construction income
                The Group provides construction and installation of commercial air-conditioner and smart home
                service, which are recognized in a certain period of time based on the progress towards
                complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. The progress towards complete satisfaction of
                a performance obligation is measured based on input method, based on the percentage of costs
                incurred to date compared to total estimated costs.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   193

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Rendering of service (continued)
   (ii) Provision of logistic services
        Revenue from the provision of logistic services is recognised over time, using an output method
        to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the service, because the customer
        simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.

   (iii)   Other services
           For other services, the Group generally satisfies a performance obligation and recognises revenue
           at a point in time once such services are completed.

   Leases
   The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16
   at inception of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of
   the contract are subsequently changed. As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are
   accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the
   consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.

   The Group as lessee
   Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
   For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
   components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the
   basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of
   the non-lease components, including contract for acquisition of ownership interests of a property which
   includes both leasehold land and non-lease building components, unless such allocation cannot be
   made reliably.

   The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease
   component, and instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components
   as a single lease component.

   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
   The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of land and buildings,
   machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures that have a lease term of 12 months
   or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
   recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases
   of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis
   over the lease term.
194   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as lessee (continued)
            Right-of-use assets
            The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

            •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

            •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

            •      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

            •      an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
                   assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
                   required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
                   inventories.

            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
            and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

            Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
            leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of
            the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter
            of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

            The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property or
            inventory as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position. Right-of-use
            assets that meet the definition of investment property are presented within “Investment properties”.

            Refundable rental deposits
            Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
            Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
            included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

            Lease liabilities
            At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the
            present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
            payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
            interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   195

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as lessee (continued)
   Lease liabilities (continued)
   The lease payments include:

   •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

   •    variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or
        rate as at the commencement date;

   •    amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

   •    the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option;
        and

   •    payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an
        option to terminate the lease.

   Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are initially measured using the
   market rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
   index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are
   recognised as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

   After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

   The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related
   right-of-use assets) whenever:

   •    the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
        option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
        payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

   •    the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/
        expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
        remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

   •    a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease
        (see below for the accounting policy for “lease modifications”).

   The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
   position.
196   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as lessee (continued)
            Lease modifications
            The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

            •      the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                   assets; and

            •      the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
                   for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                   circumstances of the particular contract.

            For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
            liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by
            discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
            modification.

            The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
            the relevant right-of-use asset.

            When the modified contract contains one or more additional lease components, the Group allocates
            the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
            stand-alone price of the lease component. The associated non-lease components are included in the
            respective lease components.

            The Group as a lessor
            Classification and measurement of leases
            Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the
            terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
            underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are
            classified as operating leases.

            Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date
            at amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the
            respective leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant
            periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

            Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
            term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease
            are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense
            on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value
            model. Variable lease payments for operating leases that depend on an index or a rate are included in
            the total lease payments using the index or rate as at the commencement date. Variable lease
            payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are excluded and are recognised as income when
            they are earned.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   197

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as a lessor (continued)
   Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
   When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue
   from Contracts with Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease
   components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative
   stand-alone selling prices.

   Refundable rental deposits
   Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
   Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from
   lessees.

   Foreign currencies
   In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
   than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges
   prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
   denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
   items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates
   prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a
   non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also
   recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in
   other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other
   comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
   currency are not retranslated.

   Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
   items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange
   differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is
   neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign
   operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to
   profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interests in associates.

   For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
   Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Renminbi) using
   exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are
   translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly
   during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange
   differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity
   under the heading of exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve (attributed to
   non-controlling interests as appropriate).
198   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Foreign currencies (continued)
            Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a
            foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate
            of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are
            recognised in other comprehensive income.

            Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
            which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use
            or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for
            their intended use or sale.

            Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
            sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general
            borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
            their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

            All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

            Government grants
            Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
            with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

            Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
            Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
            Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
            or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated
            statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over
            the useful lives of the related assets.

            Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
            already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
            related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such
            grants are presented under “other gains or losses”.

            The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant,
            measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on
            prevailing market interest rates.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   199

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Employee benefits
   Retirement benefit costs
   Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when
   employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

   Pension schemes
   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in the PRC are required to participate in a
   central pension scheme (the “PRC Pension Scheme”) operated by the local municipal government.
   These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the PRC
   Pension Scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in
   accordance with the rules of the PRC Pension Scheme. Under the PRC Pension Scheme, no forfeited
   contributions will be used by the Group to reduce its existing level of contributions during the years
   ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

   For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the
   projected unit credit method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual
   reporting period. In determining the present value of the Group’s defined benefit obligations and the
   related current service cost and, where applicable, past service cost, the Group attributes benefit to
   periods of service under the plan’s benefit formula. However, if an employee’s service in later years will
   lead to a materially higher level of benefit than earlier years, the Group attributes the benefit on a
   straight-line basis from:

   (a)   the date when service by the employee first leads to benefits under the plan (whether or not the
         benefits are conditional on further service) until

   (b)   the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits
         under the plan, other than from further salary increases.

   Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling
   (if applicable) and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the
   consolidated statement of financial position with a charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive
   income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised in other comprehensive income
   is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.

   Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and
   a gain or loss on settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service
   cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset
   using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial assumptions, reflecting the benefits
   offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment, curtailment or
   settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic
   benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan).
200   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Employee benefits (continued)
            Pension schemes (continued)
            Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net
            defined benefit liability or asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or
            asset before plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, the Group determines net interest for the
            remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement using the
            benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment, curtailment or
            settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking
            into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period resulting from
            contributions or benefit payments.

            Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

            •      service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on
                   curtailments and settlements);

            •      net interest expense or income; and

            •      remeasurement.

            The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
            represents the actual deficit or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from
            this calculation is limited to the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds
            from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

            Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of
            these contributions to the plan.

            When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third
            parties, the accounting depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

            •      If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a
                   deficit arising from losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the
                   remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability or asset.

            •      If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution
                   that is dependent on the number of years of service, the Group reduces service cost by
                   attributing the contributions to periods of service using the attribution method required by IAS
                   19.70 for the gross benefits (i.e. either using the plan’s contribution formula or on a straight-line
                   basis). For the amount of contribution that is independent of the number of years of service, the
                   Group reduces service cost in the period in which the related service is rendered/reduces service
                   cost by attributing contributions to the employees’ periods of service in accordance with IAS
                   19.70.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   201

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Employee benefits (continued)
   Termination benefits
   A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer
   withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

   Short-term and other long-term employee benefits
   Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to
   be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
   recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
   cost of an asset.

   A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
   and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

   Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present
   value of the estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services
   provided by employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the liabilities’ carrying amounts
   resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are recognised in profit or loss except to the
   extent that another IFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.

   Share-based payments
   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
   Shares/Share options granted to employees
   Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured
   at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

   The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking
   into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the
   vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a
   corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period,
   the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
   assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
   estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
   estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve. For shares/share
   options that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the shares/share options granted is
   expensed immediately to profit or loss.

   When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
   will be transferred to other reserve. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are
   still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
   reserve will be transferred to other reserve.

   When shares granted are vested, the amount will recognised in share-based payments reserve will be
   transferred to other reserve.
202   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Taxation
            Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

            The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss)
            before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that
            are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
            have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
            liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
            computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
            differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the
            extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
            differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
            difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
            liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time
            of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In
            addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
            recognition of goodwill.

            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
            subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
            difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
            Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments
            and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable
            profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
            reverse in the foreseeable future.

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
            reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
            allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
            period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that
            have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
            from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle
            the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   203

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Taxation (continued)
   For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
   right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
   deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

   For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
   applies IAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets separately. The Group
   recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable
   profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred
   tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
   tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
   taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

   Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
   recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
   deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
   Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax
   effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

   Property, plant and equipment
   Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
   goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than freehold lands and construction in
   progress as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement
   of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses, if any.

   Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses.

   Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
   cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the
   asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended
   by management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for
   qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Sale
   proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the
   location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
   management (such as samples produced when testing whether the asset is functioning properly), and
   the related costs of producing those items are recognised in the profit or loss. The cost of those items
   are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements of IAS 2. Depreciation of these
   assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their
   intended use.
204   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Property, plant and equipment (continued)
            When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold
            land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the
            building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the
            allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as
            “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position except for those that are
            classified and accounted for as investment properties under the fair value model. When the
            consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in
            the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

            Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than freehold land and properties
            under construction less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
            method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end
            of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective
            basis.

            The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

            Freehold land                                                                           Not depreciated
            Buildings                                                                                   2% to 10%
            Leasehold improvements                                                                     10% to 50%
            Machinery and equipment                                                                     5% to 50%
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                           5% to 33%
            Motor vehicles                                                                              9% to 35%

            An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
            benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
            disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference
            between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

            Investment properties
            Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

            Investment properties also include leased properties which are being recognised as right-of-use assets
            and subleased by the Group under operating leases.

            Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
            Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent
            accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognised so as to
            write off the cost of investment properties over their estimated useful lives and after taking into
            account of their estimated residual value, using the straight-line method.
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   205

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Intangible assets
   Intangible assets acquired separately
   Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
   accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses/revalued amounts, being their fair
   value at the date of the revaluation less subsequent accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
   impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a
   straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method
   are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
   accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired
   separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

   Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
   Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

   An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
   phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

   •    the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

   •    the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

   •    the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

   •    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

   •    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
        and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

   •    the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
        development.

   The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
   incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where
   no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in
   profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

   Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
   accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible
   assets that are acquired separately.
206   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Intangible assets (continued)
            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are
            initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

            Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
            lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
            the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a
            business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
            impairment losses.

            An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
            from use or disposal. Gain and loss arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the
            difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in
            profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

            The following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation as follows:

            Proprietary technology                                                                         10 years
            Patents and licences                                                                           40 years
            Trademarks                                                                                     Indefinite
            Customer relationships                                                                         20 years
            Software & Others                                                           not exceeding than 10 years

            Proprietary technology
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, proprietary
            technology with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
            straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 10 years.

            Patents and licences
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, purchase patents
            and licences with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
            straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 40 years.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   207

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Intangible assets (continued)
   Trademarks
   The trademark has different legal life at different jurisdiction, and can renewable at minimal cost. The
   directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademark continuously
   and has the ability to do so. Various studies including product life cycle studies, market, competitive
   and environmental trends, and brand extension opportunities have been performed by management of
   the Group, which supports that the trademark has no foreseeable limit to the period over which the
   trademarked products are expected to generate net cash flows for the Group.

   As a result, the trademark is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite
   useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The trademark will not
   be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for impairment
   annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

   Customer relationships
   Customer relationships acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the
   acquisition date. The customer relations have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less
   accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected
   life of the customer relationship of 20 years.

   Software and others
   Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, software and
   others are amortised on a straight-line basis over an estimate useful life of not exceeding than 10
   years. The useful of the software is estimated based on the expected usage of the software and its
   authorised periods for use.

   Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
   assets other than goodwill
   At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
   equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets with finite useful to determine whether there is any
   indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
   recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
   impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet
   available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is — indication that
   they may be impaired.

   The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets
   are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
   Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
208   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
            assets other than goodwill (continued)
            In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant
            cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or
            otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and
            consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the
            cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is
            compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating
            units.

            Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
            value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
            discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
            specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not
            been adjusted.

            If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
            carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
            recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on
            a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount
            of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion
            of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of
            the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated
            first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a
            pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating
            units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of
            disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss
            that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the
            unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or
            loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in which case
            the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease under that standard.

            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating
            unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable
            amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would
            have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating
            unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised
            immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another
            standard, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase under
            that standard.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   209

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Cash and cash equivalents
   Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

   (a)   cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are
         subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of
         cash; and

   (b)   cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months
         or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and
         which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the
         purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

   For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of
   cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts which are repayable
   on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management. Such overdrafts are presented
   as short-term borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position.

   Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party contractual restrictions are
   included as part of cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer meeting the
   definition of cash. Contractual restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in note 28.

   Inventories
   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined
   on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for
   inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
   necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and
   non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

   Provisions
   Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
   a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable
   estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

   The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
   present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
   surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
   present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
   time value of money is material).

   Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant contracts
   with customers for sales of goods are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the
   directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation.
210   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Contingent liabilities
            A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is
            not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
            obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

            Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is
            expected to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the
            consolidated financial statements.

            The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic
            benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will
            be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the
            consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the change in probability occurs,
            except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.

            Financial instruments
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
            contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
            recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
            sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation
            or convention in the market place.

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
            arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
            Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
            financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
            (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
            appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial
            assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
            financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
            effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
            (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
            transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
            financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
            recognition.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   211

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets
   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
   Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

   •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
         flows; and

   •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
         and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

   Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

   •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting
         contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; and

   •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
         and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

   All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a
   financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an
   equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading
   nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3
   Business Combinations applies.

   A financial asset is held for trading if:

   •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

   •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
         manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

   •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

   In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at
   the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an
   accounting mismatch.
212   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
            (i)  Amortised cost and interest income
                 Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                 subsequently at amortised cost and receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest
                 income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
                 financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For
                 financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
                 applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next
                 reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                 financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                 effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of
                 the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

            (ii)    Receivables classified as at FVTOCI
                    Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for receivables classified as at FVTOCI as a result
                    of interest income calculated using the effective interest method and foreign exchange gains and
                    losses are recognised in profit or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of these
                    receivables are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading
                    of FVTOCI reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding
                    adjustment to other comprehensive income without reducing the carrying amounts of these
                    receivables. When these receivables are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously
                    recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

            (iii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
                    Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains
                    and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and
                    accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
                    cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
                    investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

                    Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
                    Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a
                    recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “Other gains or
                    losses” line item in profit or loss.

            (iv)    Financial assets measured at FVTPL
                    Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
                    designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                    Financial assets measured at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                    period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
                    recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is
                    included in the “Other gains and losses” line item.
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   213

                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
   The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
   assets (including trade and bills receivables, deposits and other receivable and receivables at FVTOCI)
   and contract assets, which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is
   updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

   Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life
   of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime
   ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the
   reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted
   for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both
   the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

   The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets without significant
   financing component.

   For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has
   been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises
   lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant
   increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

   (i)   Significant increase in credit risk
         In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
         compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
         the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
         making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
         reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
         is available without undue cost or effort.

         In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
         has increased significantly:

         •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
              or internal credit rating;

         •    significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
              in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

         •    existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
              expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
              obligations;
214   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
            (i)  Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                   •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                          environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to
                          meet its debt obligations.

                   Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk
                   has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30
                   days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
                   otherwise.

                   Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not
                   increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low
                   credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it
                   has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
                   obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
                   longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its
                   contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk
                   when it has an internal or external credit rating of “investment grade” as per globally understood
                   definitions.

                   The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
                   been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the
                   criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes
                   past due.

            (ii)   Definition of default
                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                   information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                   unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in (full without taking into account any
                   collaterals held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
                   is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                   demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   215

                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
   (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
         A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
         the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
         asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

          (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

          (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

          (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                not otherwise consider;

          (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                reorganisation;

          (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties;
                or

          (f)   the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred
                credit losses.

   (iv)   Write-off policy
          The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
          is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when
          the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
          Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
          recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
          derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
216   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
            (v)  Measurement and recognition of ECL
                 The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                 magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                 probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
                 information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                 determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a
                 practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix taking into
                 consideration historical credit loss experience and forward looking information that is available
                 without undue cost or effort.

                   Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
                   in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                   discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                   Lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets are considered on a collective basis taking
                   into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                   macroeconomic information.

                   For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                   formulating the grouping:

                   •      Past-due status;

                   •      Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

                   •      External credit ratings where available.

                   The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group
                   continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                   Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
                   the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
                   amortised cost of the financial asset.

                   Except for receivables that are measured at FVTOCI, the Group recognises an impairment gain or
                   loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the
                   exception of trade receivables, contract assets and other receivables where the corresponding
                   adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account. For receivables that are measured at
                   FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
                   FVTOCI reserve without reducing the carrying amount of these receivables. Such amount
                   represents the changes in the FVTOCI reserve in relation to accumulated loss allowance.
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   217

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Derecognition of financial assets
   The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
   asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
   ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
   risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes
   its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the
   Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the
   Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
   proceeds received.

   On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
   carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
   loss.

   On derecognition of a receivables classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously
   accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.

   On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
   recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
   investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

   Financial liabilities and equity
   Classification as debt or equity
   Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
   the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
   instrument.

   Equity instruments
   An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
   deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
   proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

   Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
   No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
   Company’s own equity instruments.
218   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
            Financial liabilities
            All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
            or at FVTPL.

            Financial liabilities at FVTPL
            Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of
            an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is
            designated as at FVTPL.

            A financial liability is held for trading if:

            •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

            •      on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                   together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

            •      it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
                   effective hedging instrument.

            A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
            acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

            •      such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
                   that would otherwise arise; or

            •      the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which
                   is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the
                   Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
                   grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

            •      it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the
                   entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

            For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the
            financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other
            comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in
            other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. For
            financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, the changes in fair value of the embedded
            derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be presented in other comprehensive income.
            Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other
            comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred
            to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   219

                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
   Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
   Financial liabilities including borrowings, trade and bills payables, other payables and lease liabilities are
   subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

   The Group classifies financial liabilities that arise from a supplier finance arrangement within trade and
   bills payables in the consolidated statement of financial position if they have a similar nature and
   function to trade payables. This is the case if the supplier finance arrangement is part of the working
   capital used in the Group’s normal operating cycle, the level of security provided is similar to trade
   payables and the terms of the liabilities that are part of the supply chain finance arrangement are not
   substantially different from the terms of trade payables that are not part of the arrangement. Cash
   flows related to liabilities arising from supplier finance arrangements that are classified in trade and bills
   payables in the consolidated statement of financial position are included in operating activities in the
   consolidated statement of cash flows. Otherwise, the financial liabilities are classified in interest-bearing
   borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position and the related cash flows are included
   in financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

   Put option liabilities
   A put option liability is the obligation for the Group or Group’s subsidiaries to purchase certain
   subsidiaries equity instruments for cash or another financial asset gives rise to a financial liability
   carried at the present value of the redemption amount as at the end of the reporting period. The
   Group recognises the non-controlling interests that are granted put options, including the share of
   profits and losses, up to the end of the reporting period or the exercise date of the put options,
   whichever is earlier. Then, at the end of each reporting period, the Group de-recognises the
   noncontrolling interests and recognises the put option financial liability with the difference recognised in
   equity as if the non-controlling interests are acquired at the end of reporting period.

   Derecognition of financial liabilities
   The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
   discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
   liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

   Derivative financial instruments
   Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into
   and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting
   gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective as a
   hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the
   nature of the hedge relationship.

   A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of
   the instrument is more than 12 months and it is not due to be realised or settled within 12 months.
   Other derivatives are presented as current assets or current liabilities.
220   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Embedded derivatives
            Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9
            are not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as
            either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate.

            Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of
            IFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and
            characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not
            measured at FVTPL.

            Generally, multiple embedded derivatives in a single instrument that are separated from the host
            contracts are treated as a single compound embedded derivative unless those derivatives relate to
            different risk exposures and are readily separable and independent of each other.

            Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
            A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated
            statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right
            to set off the recognised amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset
            and settle the liability simultaneously.

            Hedge accounting
            The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

            At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the
            hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for
            undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing
            basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in
            fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

            For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly
            probable, the Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows
            (contractually or non-contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate
            benchmark reform.

            Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness
            For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective
            in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when
            the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:

            •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;

            •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
                   relationship; and
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   221

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Hedge accounting (continued)
   Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness (continued)
   •    the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
        hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
        entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

   If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge
   ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the
   Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets
   the qualifying criteria again.

   Cash flow hedges
   The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging
   instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive
   income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative
   change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the
   ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in the ‘other gains and
   losses’ line item.

   Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are
   reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line
   as the recognised hedged item. However, when the hedged forecast transaction results in the
   recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously
   recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are removed from equity and
   included in the initial measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. This
   transfer does not affect other comprehensive income. Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or
   all of the loss accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will not be recovered in the future, that
   amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

   Discontinuation of hedge accounting
   The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part
   thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances
   when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing hedge
   accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case
   hedge accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

   For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
   equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is ultimately
   recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or
   loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

   Dividends
   Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
   meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
222   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
            In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 2.3, the directors of
            the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
            underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be
            relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
            period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
            periods.

            The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
            uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material
            adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

            Estimated impairment of goodwill
            Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the
            cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is
            the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires
            the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit (or a
            group of cash-generating units) and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.
            Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances
            which results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss may arise. No
            impairment losses were recognised during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023. As at
            31 December 2024, the carrying amount of goodwill was approximately RMB27,384 million (2023:
            RMB24,483 million (restated)). Further details are given in note 17 to the consolidated financial
            statements.

            Provision of inventories
            Write-down of inventories to net realisable value is made based on the aging and estimated net
            realisable value of inventories. The assessment of the write-down amount involves management’s
            judgements and estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the
            original estimate, such differences will impact the carrying value of the inventories and the write-down
            charge/reversal in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December 2024,
            the net carrying amounts of inventories (after provision) were approximately RMB43,044 million (2023:
            RMB39,525 million (restated)).

            Product warranty provisions
            Product warranty provisions are made with reference to the retail volume and the expected unit cost
            for warranties. The assessment of the provision amount involves management’s judgements and
            estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimate,
            such differences will impact the carrying amount of the product warranty provisions and the provision
            amount charged/reversed in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December
            2024, the product warranty amounted to approximately RMB4,320 million (2023: RMB3,809 million).
            Further details are included in note 33 to consolidated financial statements.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   223

                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Information reported to the directors, being the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), for the
     purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods
     or services delivered or provided.

     For segment reporting, these individual operating segments have been aggregated into a single
     reportable segment. For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on
     their products and services.

     Specifically, the Group’s reportable segments under IFRS 8 are as follows:

     (a)   Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions
           •    manufacturing and selling refrigerators/freezers;

           •    manufacturing and selling kitchen appliances;

     (b)   Air Solutions
           •    manufacturing and selling air conditioner;

     (c)   Household Laundry Management Solutions
           •    manufacturing and selling washing machines and dryers;

     (d)   Household Water Solutions
           •    manufacturing and selling water heaters and water purifiers; and

     (e)   Other Business
           •    comprising distribution services, parts and components, small home appliances, logistics
                services and others.

     All assets are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate assets (mainly
     comprising goodwill, interests in associates and cash and cash equivalents); and

     All liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate liabilities (mainly
     comprising of interests-bearing borrowings, and deferred tax liabilities).

     Inter-segment sales represent the goods and services provided between segments. Segment result has
     been derived after elimination of inter-segment cost changed between segments.
224   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:

            For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                      Household Food Storage and                     Household
                                                          Cooking Solutions                             Laundry   Household
                                                      Refrigerators/      Kitchen                   Management        Water       Other
                                                           Freezers    Appliances   Air Solutions     Solutions    Solutions   Business    Total
                                                             RMB’M        RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M


               Segment revenue
               Segment revenue from external
                  customers                                  83,344        41,119         49,301         63,134       16,014     33,059   285,971
               Inter-segment revenue                            212            65            316            186          161     85,159    86,099


               Total                                         83,556        41,184         49,617         63,320       16,175    118,218   372,070


               Reconciliation:
               Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                 (86,099)


               Total                                                                                                                      285,971


               Segments results                               5,974         3,179          2,304          6,499        2,221       418     20,595
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                             7


                                                                                                                                           20,602
               Corporate and other unallocated
                  income and gains or losses                                                                                                3,509
               Corporate and other unallocated
                  expenses                                                                                                                   (489)
               Finance costs                                                                                                               (2,705)
               Share of profits and losses of
                  associates                                                                                                                1,816


               Profit before taxation                                                                                                      22,733
                                                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024     225

                                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023 (Restated)

                                             Household Food Storage and                      Household
                                                  Cooking Solutions                             Laundry       Household
                                             Refrigerators/       Kitchen                   Management            Water       Other
                                                  Freezers     Appliances   Air Solutions      Solutions       Solutions   Business       Total
                                                   RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M


      Segment revenue
      Segment revenue from external
         customers                                 81,731         41,594         45,810          61,312          15,170      28,581    274,198
      Inter-segment revenue                           179             60            294             180             166      81,689     82,568


      Total                                        81,910         41,654         46,104          61,492          15,336     110,270    356,766


      Reconciliation:
      Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                        (82,568)


      Total                                                                                                                            274,198


      Segments results                               5,152         2,958           1,904          5,649           1,838        345      17,846
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                                  80


                                                                                                                                        17,926
      Corporate and other unallocated
         income and gains or losses                                                                                                      3,226
      Corporate and other unallocated
         expenses                                                                                                                          (351)
      Finance costs                                                                                                                      (2,165)
      Share of profits and losses of
         associates                                                                                                                      1,575


      Profit before taxation                                                                                                            20,211
226   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            As at 31 December 2024

                                                    Household Food Storage and                     Household
                                                        Cooking Solutions                             Laundry   Household
                                                    Refrigerators/      Kitchen                   Management        Water       Other
                                                         Freezers    Appliances   Air Solutions     Solutions    Solutions   Business    Total
                                                           RMB’M        RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M


               Segment assets                              50,543        21,840         32,729         37,335       11,353     97,865   251,665
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of segment assets                                                                                            (96,864)
               Goodwill                                                                                                                  27,384
               Interests in associates                                                                                                   20,932
               Equity investments designated at
                  FVTOCI                                                                                                                  5,987
               Deferred tax assets                                                                                                        2,477
               Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                         1,236
               Financial assets measured at
                  amortised cost                                                                                                         17,630
               Derivative financial instruments                                                                                             143
               Pledged deposits                                                                                                             533
               Other deposits with limited use                                                                                               70
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 54,981
               Other receivables                                                                                                          3,940


               Total assets                                                                                                             290,114


               Segment liabilities                         71,520        14,943         29,805         27,393        4,228     78,917   226,806
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                       (96,725)
               Tax payable                                                                                                                2,650
               Other payable                                                                                                              3,303
               Derivative financial instruments                                                                                              71
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                               33,793
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                   1,542
               Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                285


               Total liabilities                                                                                                        171,725
                                                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024     227

                                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     As at 31 December 2023 (Restated)

                                           Household Food Storage and                      Household
                                                Cooking Solutions                             Laundry       Household
                                           Refrigerators/       Kitchen                   Management            Water       Other
                                                Freezers     Appliances   Air Solutions      Solutions       Solutions   Business       Total
                                                 RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M


      Segment assets                             47,692         21,251         23,814          31,675           7,189     78,983     210,604
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment assets                                                                                                   (75,050)
      Goodwill                                                                                                                         24,483
      Interests in associates                                                                                                          20,196
      Equity investments designated at
         FVTOCI                                                                                                                        6,404
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                              1,849
      Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                                 957
      Financial assets measured at
         amortised cost                                                                                                               10,998
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                    68
      Pledged deposits                                                                                                                   475
      Other deposits with limited use                                                                                                     98
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                       56,683
      Other receivables                                                                                                                3,303


      Total assets                                                                                                                   261,068


      Segment liabilities                        62,419         12,953         22,843          18,786           6,071     69,224     192,296
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                              (74,905)
      Tax payable                                                                                                                       1,586
      Other payable                                                                                                                     3,334
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                    169
      Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                                      29,416
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                          1,528
      Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                       114


      Total liabilities                                                                                                              153,538
228   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                        Household Food Storage and                             Household
                                                            Cooking Solutions                                     Laundry      Household
                                                        Refrigerators/       Kitchen                          Management           Water        Other
                                                             Freezers     Appliances        Air Solutions       Solutions       Solutions    Business      Total
                                                               RMB’M         RMB’M                RMB’M            RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M


               Other segment information:
               Product warranty provisions                       2,244           623                1,246            1,607           683           —       6,403
               Provision for obsolete and slow-
                  moving inventories, net                          257            78                  257              192           101           73        958
               Allowance for/(reversal of) expected
                  credit loss in respect of trade and
                  bills receivable, net                             43            33                   38               74             (4)        122        306
               Allowance for expected credit losses
                  in respect of prepayments, deposits
                  and other receivables and long term
                  prepayments, net                                 155                9                —                22            40           14        240
               Loss/(gain) on disposal/write off of
                  non-current assets, net                           15            13                   12                9             4           (3)        50
               Depreciation and amortisation                     2,093         1,440                  789            1,792           446        1,520      8,080


            For the year ended 31 December 2023 (Restated)

                                                         Household Food Storage and                             Household
                                                              Cooking Solutions                                    Laundry     Household
                                                         Refrigerators/       Kitchen                          Management          Water        Other
                                                              Freezers     Appliances        Air Solutions        Solutions     Solutions    Business       Total
                                                               RMB’M          RMB’M               RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M


               Other segment information:
               Product warranty provisions                       2,201           650                1,244            1,608           641           —       6,344
               Provision for obsolete and slow-
                  moving inventories, net                          300           262                   78              202            80          169      1,091
               Allowance for/(reversal of) expected
                  credit loss in respect of trade and
                  bills receivable, net                            111                (1)             114              122            30          (80)       296
               Allowance for/(reversal of) expected
                  credit losses in respect of
                  prepayments, deposits and other
                  receivables and long term
                  prepayments, net                                 155                4               (12)              (45)          53          135        290
               Loss/(gain) on disposal/write off of
                  non-current assets, net                           38            44                    (2)             35             1            (8)      108
               Depreciation and amortisation                     2,010         1,379                  692            1,576           322        1,663      7,642
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   229

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Geographical information
     (a)   Revenue from external customers


                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


            Mainland China                                                       142,157                137,786
            North America                                                         79,529                 79,751
            Europe                                                                32,089                 28,544
            South Asia                                                            11,525                  9,521
            Australia and New Zealand                                              6,642                  6,142
            Southeast Asia                                                         6,633                  5,780
            Japan                                                                  3,426                  3,662
            Middle East and Africa                                                 2,674                  1,935
            Other countries/regions                                                1,296                  1,077


                                                                                 285,971                274,198


           The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

           The revenue related to sales to overseas is subject to relevant tax at corresponding jurisdictions,
           if any.
230   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            Geographical information (continued)
            (b)    Non-current assets


                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                   RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


                      Mainland China                                                30,089            28,602
                      Other countries/regions                                       35,856            31,152


                                                                                    65,945            59,754
                      Interests in associates                                       20,932            20,196
                      Goodwill                                                      27,384            24,483
                      Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                        5,987             6,404
                      Financial assets measured at amortised cost                   15,699             9,468
                      Deferred tax assets                                            2,477             1,849


                                                                                   138,424           122,154


                   The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes
                   interests in associates, goodwill, equity investments designated at FVTOCI, financial assets
                   measured at amortised cost and deferred tax assets.

            Information about major customers
            No single customer of the Group contributed 10% or more to the total revenue of the Group during
            the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   231

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




5.   REVENUE AND OTHER GAINS, NET
     An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                  2024                   2023
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


      Sale of goods                                                             272,898                261,278
      Rendering of services                                                      13,073                 12,920


                                                                                285,971                274,198


                                                                                  2024                   2023
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


      Sale of goods
      — Point in time                                                           272,898                261,278
      Rendering of service
      — Point in time                                                                83                     64
      — Over time                                                                12,990                 12,856


                                                                                285,971                274,198


     All revenue contracts are for a period of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction
     price allocated to unsatisfied or partially satisfied contracts is not disclosed.

     Information about the Group’s performance obligations under IFRS 15 is summarised below:

     Sale of goods
     The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of goods and payment is generally due within 30
     to 90 days from delivery, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required.
     Some contracts provide customers with a right of return and volume rebates which give rise to variable
     consideration subject to constraint.
232   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      5.    REVENUE AND OTHER GAINS, NET (continued)
            Rendering of services
            The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at point in time as services are rendered or when
            the customer obtains control of the distinct services and payment is generally due within 30 to 90
            days from customers. Service contracts are for periods of one year or less, or are billed based on the
            time incurred. As permitted under practical expedient of IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to
            these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

            An analysis of other gains, net is as follows:

                                                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                                (Restated)


                  Treasury and investment income:
                  Interest income from
                     — Bank                                                                                  1,858                   1,514
                     — Wealth management products                                                               70                      50
                     — Other                                                                                    40                      39
                  Purchase payment discounts                                                                   123                     124
                  Dividend income from equity investment designated
                     at FVTOCI                                                                                   54                      59


                                                                                                             2,145                   1,786
                  Compensation received from suppliers                                                          44                      37
                  (Loss)/gain on disposal of
                    — Non-current assets, net                                                                  (50)                   (108)
                    — Financial assets/liabilities measured at FVTPL, net                                       (1)                      1
                    — Associates and subsidiaries                                                              (27)                     14
                  Government grants (Note (a))                                                               1,704                   1,716
                  Rental income from investment properties (Note (b))                                           10                       6
                  Net fair value gain on financial assets/liabilities measured
                    at FVTPL                                                                                     47                      17
                  Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                                             (120)                    133
                  Sundry income                                                                                 137                      89


                                                                                                             3,889                   3,691

            Notes:


            (a)       Various government grants have been received for investments in certain regions in Mainland China in which the Company’s
                      subsidiaries operate as well as for the Group’s technology advancements. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
                      contingencies relating to these grants.


            (b)       The rental income from investment properties less direct outgoings for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 amounted
                      to approximately RMB10 million and RMB6 million respectively.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   233

                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX
     Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


      Cost of inventories sold                                                   188,592                181,029
      Provision for product warranty                                               6,403                  6,344
      Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories, net
        (Note (a))                                                                   958                  1,091
      Cost of services                                                            12,175                 12,093


                                                                                 208,128                200,557


      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                5,091                   4,677
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets and investment properties                1,592                   1,680
      Amortisation of other intangible assets                                      1,319                   1,225
      Amortisation of other non-current assets                                        78                      60


                                                                                   8,080                   7,642


      Employee benefit expense: (including directors’, chief
        executive and supervisors’ remuneration — Note 8):
      Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind                          29,934                 29,561
      Pension scheme contributions                                                 2,049                  1,982
      Equity-settled share-based expense                                             374                    611


                                                                                  32,357                 32,154
234   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      6.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX (continued)
            Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                                              2024                    2023
                                                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                                 (Restated)


                  Impairment of trade and bills receivables, net (Note (b))                                      306                     296
                  Impairment of prepayments, deposits and other receivables
                    and long term prepayments, net (Note (b))                                                    240                     290
                  Impairment of property, plant and equipment, interest in
                    associates, other intangible assets and contract assets, net
                    (Note (b))                                                                                    45                          88


                                                                                                                 591                     674


                  Research and development costs                                                             10,740                  10,380
                  Auditors’ remuneration                                                                         13                      13
                  Expenses relating to short-term leases and low value leases                                   978                     999
                  Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of
                    lease liabilities                                                                             86                     177

            Notes:


            (a)       The net provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories for the year is included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated
                      statement of profit or loss.


            (b)       Included in “Administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


      7.    FINANCE COSTS
            An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                              2024                    2023
                                                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                                 (Restated)


                  Interest on borrowings                                                                       1,676                   1,469
                  Interest on lease liabilities                                                                  222                     168
                  Other finance costs                                                                            807                     528


                                                                                                               2,705                   2,165
                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024     235

                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION
     Directors’, chief executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the
     Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
     the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                 2024                    2023
                                                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000


       Fees                                                                                        2,040                  1,920


       Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                  2,169                   2,150
       Discretionary bonuses                                                                      4,404                   3,053
       Equity-settled share-based expense (Note)                                                 22,188                  16,268
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                 547                     533


                                                                                                 29,308                  22,004


                                                                                                 31,348                  23,924

     Note:


     During the year, certain directors were granted share award/options, in respect of their services to the Group under the share
     award/option of the Company. Details of the share award/option are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.
236   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (a)    Independent non-executive directors
                   The remuneration of independent non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December
                   2024 and 2023 is as follows:

                   2024


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                                         Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


                      CHIEN Da-chun                       340              —               —                —               —         340
                      WONG Hak Kun                        340              —               —                —               —         340
                      LI Shipeng                          340              —               —                —               —         340
                      WU Qi                               340              —               —                —               —         340


                                                        1,360              —               —                —               —       1,360


                   2023


                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                 and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                         Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                      CHIEN Da-chun                       320              —               —                —               —         320
                      WONG Hak Kun                        320              —               —                —               —         320
                      LI Shipeng                          320              —               —                —               —         320
                      WU Qi                               320              —               —                —               —         320


                                                        1,280              —               —                —               —       1,280
                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   237

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (b)   Executive directors and the chief executive
           The remuneration of executive directors and the chief executive during the years ended
           31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

           2024


                                                   Salaries,
                                                allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                               and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                        Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


            LI Huagang
               (chief executive)          —              900           2,546          11,465              153      15,064
            GONG Wei                      —              650           1,491           5,386              153       7,680


                                          —            1,550           4,037          16,851              306      22,744


           2023


                                                    Salaries,
                                                 allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                        Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


            LI Huagang
               (chief executive)          —              900           1,666            8,728             148      11,442
            GONG Wei                      —              650           1,300            4,643             148       6,741


                                          —            1,550           2,966          13,371              296      18,183
238   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (c)    Non-executive directors
                   The remuneration of non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December 2024 and
                   2023 are as follows:

                   2024


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                                         Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


                      SHAO Xinzhi                          —               —               —             3,740              —        3,740
                      YU Hon To, David                    340              —               —                —               —          340
                      Eva LI Kam Fun                      340              —               —                —               —          340


                                                          680              —               —             3,740              —        4,420


                   2023


                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                 and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                         Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                      SHAO Xinzhi                          —               —               —             1,447              —        1,447
                      YU Hon To, David                    320              —               —                —               —          320
                      Eva LI Kam Fun                      320              —               —                —               —          320


                                                          640              —               —             1,447              —        2,087
                                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   239

                                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (d)   Supervisors
           The remuneration of supervisors during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as
           follows:

           2024


                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                                 and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                                       Fees          in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                         Note       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


                  YU Miao                                    —             350             106              332             122        910
                  LIU Dalin                                  —              —               —             1,082              —       1,082
                  MA Yingjie              (i)                —             103             240              183              53        579
                  LIU Yongfei             (ii)               —             166              21               —               66        253


                                                             —             619             367            1,597             241      2,824


           2023


                                                                      Salaries,
                                                                   allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                  and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                        Fees           in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                         Note       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                  YU Miao                                    —             350              55              226             115        746
                  LIU Dalin                                  —              —               —               995              —         995
                  MA Yingjie              (i)                —             250              32              229             122        633


                                                             —             600              87            1,450             237      2,374


           Notes:


           (i)         MA Yingjie retired on 20 June 2024.

           (ii)        LIU Yongfei was appointed on 21 June 2024.


           There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to
           waive any remuneration during the year.
240   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      9.    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
            The five highest paid employees during the year included one director (2023: one director), details of
            whose remuneration are set out in Note 8 to consolidated financial statements. Details of the
            remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2023: four) highest paid non-director employee who
            are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


               Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                              28,071              4,451
               Discretionary bonuses                                                   1,591              5,057
               Equity-settled share-based expense                                     25,147             21,771
               Pension scheme contributions                                              600                568


                                                                                      55,409             31,847


            The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell
            within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                   Number of employees
                                                                                      2024             2023


               HK$8,000,001 to HK$8,500,000                                               —                  2
               HK$8,500,001 to HK$9,000,000                                               —                  1
               HK$9,500,001 to HK$10,000,000                                              —                  1
               HK$10,000,001 to HK$10,500,000                                              1                 —
               HK$14,000,001 to HK$14,500,000                                              1                 —
               HK$14,500,001 to HK$15,000,000                                              1                 —
               HK$20,500,001 to HK$21,000,000                                              1                 —


               Total                                                                       4                  4


            For share award/option were granted to these non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
            employees in respect of their services to the Group under the share award/option scheme of the
            Group. The fair values of share award/option, which have been recognised in the statement of profit or
            loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the
            consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 are included in the
            above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   241

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Current tax
      Charge for the year                                                       4,027                   3,690
    Deferred income tax (Note 35)                                                (870)                   (567)


    Total tax charge for the year                                               3,157                   3,123


   Under the Law of the Mainland China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
   Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the Mainland China subsidiaries is 25%. Certain subsidiaries
   of the Group in the Mainland of China were approved as High and New Technology Enterprise subject
   to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% during the years ended 31 December 2024 and
   2023.

   Overseas tax is calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation
   prevailing in the respective jurisdictions.

   A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the
   jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax
   expense at the effective tax rates is as follows:

                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Profit before tax                                                          22,733                 20,211


    Tax at the statutory tax rate                                                5,683                  5,053
    Lower tax rates enacted by local authorities                                (1,709)                (1,092)
    Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                     (274)                  (170)
    Tax effect of share of profits or losses to associates                        (421)                  (376)
    Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                              (106)                    (46)
    Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                          377                    307
    Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                             (35)                  (206)
    Other amounts                                                                 (358)                  (347)


    Total tax charge for the year                                               3,157                   3,123
242   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (continued)
            OECD Pillar Two model rules
            The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) published Pillar Two model
            rules in December 2021, with the effect that a jurisdiction may enact domestic tax laws (“Pillar Two
            legislation”) to implement the Pillar Two model rules on a globally agreed common approach. Pillar
            Two legislation applies to a member of a multinational group within the scope of the Pillar Two model
            rules, which the Group is reasonably expected to fall into. It imposes a top-up tax on profits arising in
            a jurisdiction whenever the effective tax rate determined by the Pillar Two model rules on a
            jurisdictional basis is below a minimum rate of 15%.

            The Group has reviewed its corporate structure in light of the introduction of Pillar Two model rules in
            various jurisdictions and engaged external tax specialists in assessing its tax exposure. As at
            31 December 2024, the Group mainly operates in the Mainland of China, in which exposures to Pillar
            Two income taxes might exist in the future although the legislation is not yet substantively enacted or
            enacted. Besides, certain subsidiaries of the Company are located in jurisdictions where Pillar Two
            legislation had been enacted or substantively enacted, but not yet in effect and certain subsidiaries of
            the Company are located in jurisdictions where Pillar Two legislation has become effective. Based on
            the assessment, the Group does not expect a material exposure to Pillar Two income taxes.

      11. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                                                         RMB’M                    RMB’M


                Proposed final dividend                                                                     8,997                   7,471


                Dividend paid during the year                                                               7,444                   5,254


                                                                                                            2024                     2023
                                                                                                            RMB                      RMB


                Dividend proposed per share*                                                                0.965                   0.804

            *      The amount represents RMB9.65 for every 10 shares in 2024 (2023: RMB8.04 for every 10 shares). With regards to the
                   payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023, as the total share capital of the Company changed before
                   the registration date on 19 July 2024 and the Company maintained the total distribution of RMB7,471 million (tax inclusive)
                   unchanged, the Company adjusted the distribution ratio per share from RMB8.04 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares to
                   RMB8.0131 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares accordingly.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   243

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
   to ordinary equity holders of the Company, excluding dividend payable to expected vested share
   award, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, excluding
   ordinary shares held for share award schemes.

   The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit attributable to ordinary
   equity holders of the Company. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the
   calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the period, as used in the basic earnings
   per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been
   issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary
   shares into ordinary shares.

   The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                 2024                  2023
                                                                               RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Earnings
    Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company               18,741                 16,597
    Less: Dividend payable to expected vested share award                          (70)                    —


    Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company
      used in calculating basic earnings per share                              18,671                 16,597


    Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company
      used in calculating diluted earnings per share                            18,741                 16,597
244   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
          HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                          2024                   2023


               Number of shares
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
                 of calculating basic earnings per share                                      9,223,578,468           9,272,589,918
               Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
                 Share award                                                                      63,134,874              62,441,014
                 Share options                                                                     6,702,593                      —


               Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
                the year used in the diluted earnings per share calculation                   9,293,415,935           9,335,030,932

            Note:


            The weighted average number of ordinary shares as above are adjusted by the number of shares that would have been issued
            assuming vesting of share award and exercise of share options. The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume
            the exercise of the Company’s options because the exercise price of those options was higher than the average market price for
            shares in 2023.


      13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (a)     During the year, in addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these consolidated financial
                    statements, the Group had the following material transactions with the Group’s related parties
                    (and their affiliates):

                                                                                                        2024                    2023
                          Relationship             Nature of transactions                             RMR’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                           (Restated)


                          Associates                Sale of goods and services                          2,581                   2,842
                                                    Purchase of goods and services                     18,879                  18,940
                                                    Interest income                                       874                     766
                                                    Interest expenses                                       2                      —
                                                    Service fee                                             8                      24


                          Haier Affiliates          Sale of goods and services                            998                   1,172
                           (Note (i))               Purchase of goods and services                     11,325                  12,239
                                                    Other service fee expenses                            105                      99


                    The above transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually
                    agreed by the parties involved.

                    Note:


                    (i)      Haier Affiliates include Haier Group’s subsidiaries.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   245

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (b)   Compensation of key management personnel (including the directors, chief executive and
         supervisors of the Company) of the Group.

                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


          Short term employee benefits                                          15,998                 15,295
          Post-employment benefits                                               1,316                  1,259
          Share-based payment                                                   48,235                 39,104


          Total compensation paid to key management personnel                   65,549                 55,658


         Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in Note 8 to
         consolidated financial statements.

         The number of non-director and non-chief executive key management personnel whose
         remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                        Number of key management
                                                                                personnel
                                                                              2024           2023


          Number of individuals within the band of
          HK$1,000,001— HK$1,500,000                                                  —                      1
          HK$1,500,001— HK$2,000,000                                                  1                      —
          HK$5,500,001— HK$6,000,000                                                  —                      1
          HK$6,000,001— HK$6,500,000                                                  1                      —
          HK$6,500,001— HK$7,000,000                                                  —                      2
          HK$7,500,001— HK$8,000,000                                                  2                      1
          HK$8,000,001— HK$8,500,000                                                  —                      3
          HK$8,500,001— HK$9,000,000                                                   2                     1
          HK$9,000,001— HK$9,500,000                                                   1                     —
          HK$9,500,001— HK$10,000,000                                                  1                     —
          HK$10,000,001— HK$10,500,000                                                 1                     —


          Total                                                                        9                      9


   (c)   For the transactions constituting connected transactions under Listing Rules, please refer to
         “Connected Transactions” under “Report of the Directors”.
246   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                   Furniture
                                                        Land and        Leasehold Machinery and      Motor      fixture and    Construction
                                                        buildings     improvement    equipment     vehicles      equipment      in progress      Total
                                                          RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M       RMB’M

               Cost:
               As at 1 January 2023 (restated)             17,954           1,408        30,894        211            3,446           4,817     58,730
               Additions                                      126             334         1,484            6            115           6,584      8,649
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                     —                —            26          —               —                33        59
               Disposal/write-off                            (115)             (13)        (902)        (22)           (173)              —     (1,225)
               Transfer from construction in progress       1,758               —         3,092          34             501          (5,385)         —
               Exchange realignment                            72                2          447           (4)            60              (73)      504


               As at 31 December 2023 and
                  1 January 2024 (restated)                19,795           1,731        35,041        225            3,949           5,976     66,717
               Additions                                      295             274         1,580         28              166           6,289       8,632
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                    595              28           391         15               44              74       1,147
               Disposal/write-off                             (75)             (6)         (921)       (24)            (228)             —      (1,254)
               Transfer from construction in progress       2,777              —          3,082         24              663          (6,546)          —
               Transfer from investment property               27              —             —          —                —               —            27
               Transfer to investment property                 —               —             —          —                —              (96)        (96)
               Exchange realignment                          (260)             (3)         (319)        (8)             (51)             10       (631)


               As at 31 December 2024                      23,154           2,024        38,854        260            4,543           5,707     74,542


               Accumulated depreciation and
                  impairment:
               As at 1 January 2023 (restated)              4,871             799        15,415        126            1,664               1     22,876
               Depreciation provided for the year             878             450         2,818          26             505              —       4,677
               Disposals/write-off                             (37)            (13)        (753)        (16)           (158)             —        (977)
               Impairment provided for the year                 —               —             3          —               —               22         25
               Exchange realignment                             42               1          139          —               63              —         245


               As at 31 December 2023 and
                  1 January 2024 (restated)                 5,754           1,237        17,622        136            2,074              23     26,846
               Depreciation provided for the year           1,020             389         3,126         27              529              —       5,091
               Disposals/write-off                            (18)             (6)         (731)       (18)            (177)             —       (950)
               Transfer from investment property                9              —             —          —                —               —            9
               Impairment provided for the year                —               —              6         —                —                4          10
               Exchange realignment                           (71)             (2)           27         (3)             (18)             —         (67)


               As at 31 December 2024                       6,694           1,618        20,050        142            2,408              27     30,939


               Carrying amounts
               As at 31 December 2024                      16,460             406        18,804        118            2,135           5,680     43,603


               As at 31 December 2023 (Restated)           14,041             494        17,419         89            1,875           5,953     39,871


            At 31 December 2024, the Group was still in the process of obtaining ownership certificates for certain
            land and buildings it owns, the net book value of which was RMB396 million (2023: RMB408 million).
            At the same date, certain of these land and buildings with net book value of RMB396 million (2023:
            RMB408 million) had been put into use as, in the opinion of the directors, the Group can legally
            occupy and operate these properties while the related ownership certificates are being processed.
                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   247

                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                   RMB’M


    Cost:
    As at 1 January 2023                                                                                123
    Exchange realignment                                                                                  1


    As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                           124
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets                                 175
    Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                                           (27)
    Exchange realignment                                                                                 —


    As at 31 December 2024                                                                              272


    Accumulated depreciation:
    As at 1 January 2023                                                                                 20
    Depreciation provided for the year                                                                    5


    As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                            25
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets                                   1
    Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                                            (9)
    Depreciation provided for the year                                                                    8
    Exchange realignment                                                                                  1


    As at 31 December 2024                                                                               26


    Carrying amounts
    As at 31 December 2024                                                                              246


    As at 31 December 2023                                                                               99


   The Group’s investment properties consist of three industrial properties in Mainland China as at
   31 December 2024 (2023: one commercial property in Hong Kong and three industrial properties in
   Mainland China).
248   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
            The fair value of the Group’s investment properties as at 31 December 2024 has been arrived at on
            the basis of a valuation carried out on the respective dates by Shanghai Orient Appraisal Co. Ltd.,
            independent qualified professional valuers not connected to the Group.

            The fair value of the industrial properties in Mainland China was determined based on the income
            approach, where the market rentals of all lettable units of the properties are assessed and discounted
            at the market yield expected by investors for this type of properties. The market rentals are assessed
            by reference to the rentals achieved in the lettable units of the properties as well as other lettings of
            similar properties in the neighbourhood. The discount rate is determined by reference to the yields
            derived from analysing the sales transactions of similar commercial properties in Mainland China and
            adjusted to take into account the market expectation form property investors to reflect factors specific
            to the Group’s investment properties. There has been no change from the valuation technique used in
            the prior year.

            Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at the
            end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                     2024                          2023
                                                                       Fair value at                  Fair value at
                                                              Carrying      Level 3         Carrying        Level 3
                                                               amount     hierarchy         amount        hierarchy
                                                               RMB’M        RMB’M            RMB’M          RMB’M


               Investment properties in Hong Kong                    —              —             17            18
               Investment properties outside Hong Kong             246            309             82           131


            The above investment properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per
            annum:

            Investment property                                                                           2% to 5%
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   249

                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




16. LEASES
   The Group as a lessee
   The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use rights, buildings, machinery and
   equipment, furniture, fixtures and equipment and motor vehicles used in its operations. Lump sum
   payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 50
   years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of
   buildings and plant generally have lease terms up to ten years, while machinery and equipment,
   furniture, fixtures and equipment and motor vehicles generally have shorter lease terms of one to five
   years. Exemption was applied for lease contracts of twelve months or less and/or are individually of
   low value.

   (a)   Right-of-use assets
         The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are
         as follows:


                                                                                              Furniture,
                                                                    Machinery                   fixtures
                                               Leasehold                  and         Motor          and
                                                    land Properties equipment       vehicles equipment       Total
                                                 RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M       RMB’M


          As at 1 January 2023 (restated)          2,797     4,046         18             88        299        7,248
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —          7         —              —          —             7
          Additions                                 566      1,278        283            115        524        2,766
          Disposal                                   —        (314)        —               (1)       —          (315)
          Depreciation provided for the year         (76)    (1,356)      (31)           (73)       (139)     (1,675)
          Exchange realignment                         9         13         (8)           10          17          41


          As at 31 December 2023 and
             1 January 2024 (restated)             3,296     3,674        262            139        701        8,072
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —        261        151             —          —           412
          Additions                                 176      2,262         16             94         99        2,647
          Disposal                                   —        (227)       (37)            (2)        (2)        (268)
          Transfer to investment property            (78)       —          —              —          —           (78)
          Depreciation provided for the year         (83)    (1,226)      (44)           (79)       (152)     (1,584)
          Exchange realignment                       (26)       (58)        4             (5)         11         (74)


          As at 31 December 2024                   3,285     4,686        352            147        657        9,127
250   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      16. LEASES (continued)
            The Group as a lessee (continued)
            (b)    Lease liabilities
                   The carrying amount of lease liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                     RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


                      Lease liabilities payable:
                      Within one year                                                  1,536             1,445
                      Within a period of more than one year
                        but not exceeding two years                                    1,186               991
                      Within a period more than two years but not exceeding
                        five years                                                     2,609             1,627
                      Within a period of more than five years                          1,812             1,155


                      Total minimum lease payment                                      7,143             5,218
                      Less: total future interest expenses                            (1,311)             (449)


                                                                                       5,832             4,769
                      Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown
                             under current liabilities                                (1,351)            (1,339)


                      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
                       under non-current liabilities                                   4,481             3,430


                   The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 0.01%
                   to 28.25% (2023: 0.01% to 13.64%).
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   251

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




16. LEASES (continued)
   The Group as a lessee (continued)
   (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Interest on lease liabilities                                            222                     168
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                             1,584                   1,675
          Expense relating to:
          Short-term leases                                                         937                    955
          Lease of low value assets                                                  41                     44
          Variable lease payments not included in
             the measurement of lease liabilities                                    86                    177


          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                              2,870                   3,019


   (d)   The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in Note 39(c) to consolidated financial statements.
252   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      16. LEASES (continued)
            The Group as a lessor
            The Group leases its investment properties (Note 15) consisting one industrial property in Dalian, the
            Mainland China and two industrial properties in Zhengzhou, the Mainland China under operating lease
            arrangements as at 31 December 2024 (2023: two industrial properties in Dalian, the Mainland China
            and one industrial property in Zhengzhou, the Mainland China and one industrial property in Hong
            Kong). Rental income recognised by the Group was approximately RMB10 million (2023: RMB6 million)
            for the year ended 31 December 2024, details of which are included in Note 5 to consolidated
            financial statements.

            At the end of the reporting period, the undiscounted lease payments receivables by the Group in
            future periods under non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M


               Within one year                                                            12                 5
               In the second year                                                         11                 3
               In the third year                                                          10                 —
               In the fourth year                                                         10                 —
               In the fifth year                                                          10                 —
               After five years                                                          132                 —


                                                                                         185                  8


      17. GOODWILL
                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                      (Restated)


               Cost:
               At 1 January                                                           24,702             24,056
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                             2,808                173
               Exchange realignment                                                       93                473


                                                                                      27,603             24,702
               Less: Impairment loss                                                    (219)              (219)


               Net carrying amount                                                    27,384             24,483
                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   253

                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024




17. GOODWILL (continued)
   IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIVES

   For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives shave been
   allocated to following individual cash-generating units:

   •      GE Appliances;

   •      Haier New Zealand Investment Holding Company Limited (“HNZ”); and

   •      Haier Europe Appliance Solutions S.P.A (“Candy”); and

   •      CCR

   The carrying amounts of goodwill and trademarks (net of accumulated impairment losses) allocated to
   these cash-generating units are as follows:

                                                       Goodwill                             Trademarks
                                                      2024                2023               2024          2023
                                                    RMB’M              RMB’M               RMB’M        RMB’M
                                                                     (Restated)                       (Restated)


       GE Appliances (Note)                          21,361             21,047                 683                  673
       HNZ (Note)                                       443                487                 518                  558
       Candy (Note)                                   1,946              2,043               1,395                1,457
       CCR (Note)                                     2,142                 —                   68                   —
       Other                                          1,492                 906                 73                   33


       Net carrying amount                           27,384             24,483               2,737                2,721

   Note: The recoverable amounts of GE Appliances, HNZ, Candy and CCR have been determined by using cash flow projections
         based on financial budgets approved by senior management.


   The trademark held represented the exclusive right to use of registered trademarks. GE Appliances
   operates under several key trademarks, including General Electric series (all product lines), Monogram
   (refrigerator and cooking), and Hotpoint (laundry and cooking). HNZ operates under several key
   brands, including Fisher & Paykel and DCS. Candy operates under several key trademarks, including
   Candy (mainly oriented to the low-to-mid-end kitchen and bathroom appliances) and Hoover (mainly
   oriented to the mid-to-high-end kitchen and bathroom appliances and the floor care appliances). CCR
   operates under several key trademarks, including Profroid and Green&Cool and Celsior.

   In addition to goodwill and trademarks above, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and
   right-of-use assets (including allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the
   related goodwill and trademark are also included in the respective cash-generating unit for the purpose
   of impairment assessment.
254   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      17. GOODWILL (continued)
            Assumptions were used in the value-in-use or fair value less cost of disposal calculation of the above
            cash-generating units as at 31 December 2024 and 2023. The following describes each key
            assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing
            of goodwill and trademarks. The annual growth rates of each CGUs are based on the relevant industry
            growth forecasts and do not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. Other
            key assumptions for the value-in-use calculations relate to the estimation of cash flows which include
            budgeted sales and gross margin; such estimation is based on the unit’s past performance and
            management’s expectations for the market development.

            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of GE Appliances are as follows:


                                                       Pre-tax                               Recoverable     Headroom
                                                      discount       Annual       Terminal        amount         amount
                                                          rate   growth rate   growth rate    (in million)   (in million)


               As at 31 December 2024                  12.63%         2.58%            2%     RMB55,351      RMB19,825


               As at 31 December 2023                  12.79%         2.33%            2%     RMB46,746      RMB11,693


            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of HNZ are as follows:


                                                       Pre-tax                               Recoverable     Headroom
                                                      discount       Annual       Terminal        amount         amount
                                                          rate   growth rate   growth rate    (in million)   (in million)


               As at 31 December 2024                   14.9%         3.99%            2%      RMB2,724        RMB352


               As at 31 December 2023                     15%         4.24%            2%      RMB2,933         RMB421


            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of Candy are as follows:


                                                       Pre-tax                               Recoverable     Headroom
                                                      discount       Annual       Terminal        amount         amount
                                                          rate   growth rate   growth rate    (in million)   (in million)


               As at 31 December 2024                  11.81%         8.64%          1.5%     RMB11,262      RMB3,221


               As at 31 December 2023                  10.64%         5.32%            1%     RMB11,172       RMB2,693
                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   255

                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




17. GOODWILL (continued)
   Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of CCR are as follows:


                                       Pre-tax                                Recoverable         Headroom
                                      discount       Annual       Terminal         amount             amount
                                          rate   growth rate   growth rate     (in million)       (in million)


     As at 31 December 2024            10.31%          9.39%          1.8%       RMB5,208           RMB316


   Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to similar
   industries and geographical locations.

   Annual growth rate — The basis used to determine the annual growth rate is the average growth rate
   achieved in the years immediately before the budget year, increased for expected market
   development.

   Terminal growth rate — The constant rate that the Company is expected to grow indefinitely.

   During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the impairment assessment is based on a
   valuation by an independent professional valuer.

   The recoverable amount is significantly above the carrying amount of GE Appliance and HNZ.
   Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not
   result in impairment.

   The recoverable amount of Candy exceeds its carrying amount by RMB3,221 million. If the pre-tax
   discount rate was changed to 15.25% or the budgeted sales covering 5-year period were reduced by
   1.63%, while other parameters remain constant, the recoverable amount of Candy would equal its
   carrying amount.

   The recoverable amount of CCR exceeds its carrying amount by RMB316 million. If the pre-tax
   discount rate was changed to 10.66% or the budgeted sales covering 5-year period were reduced by
   0.25%, while other parameters remain constant, the recoverable amount of CCR would equal its
   carrying amount.
256   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                      Proprietary    Patents and                       Customer      Software and
                                                      technology        licences     Trademarks     relationships          others          Total
                                                          RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2023 (restated)                868          3,629          2,621               21            2,064            9,203
               Additions                                      127               3            —                —               858              988
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                     —               —             —                —               113              113
               Disposals                                       —              (28)           —                —                (63)             (91)
               Amortisation provided for the year            (197)          (157)             (5)              (8)           (858)          (1,225)
               Impairment loss                                 —              (66)           —                —                 —               (66)
               Exchange realignment                            15            194            105                 1              (78)            237


               As at 31 December 2023 and
                  1 January 2024 (restated)                   813          3,575          2,721               14            2,036            9,159
               Additions                                      129             22             —                —             1,074            1,225
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                     —              —             119            1,518              257            1,894
               Disposals                                       —              —              —                —               (12)             (12)
               Amortisation provided for the year            (202)          (185)            (7)             (24)            (901)          (1,319)
               Exchange realignment                           (51)           186            (96)             (57)            (180)            (198)


               As at 31 December 2024                        689           3,598          2,737            1,451            2,274          10,749


            There was no impairment loss recognised for trademarks with indefinite useful lives during the years
            ended 31 December 2024 and 2023. Details are set out in Note 17 to consolidated financial
            statements.

            The Group’s other intangible assets amounting to RMB97 million (31 December 2023: RMB55
            (restated)) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank loans.

      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
            Details of interests in associates of the Group is as follow:

                                                                                                              2024                         2023
                                                                                                            RMB’M                       RMB’M
                                                                                                                                      (Restated)


               Cost of investments in associates                                                             14,054                      14,504
               Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
                 income, net of dividends received                                                             6,979                      5,803
               Impairments loss                                                                                 (101)                      (111)


                                                                                                             20,932                      20,196
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   257

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
   Particulars of the material associates of the Group are as follows:

                      Place of             Paid-up
                      incorporation/     capital or   Percentage of equity
                      registration of   registered       attributable to                           Type of legal
    Name              business              capital      the Company          Principal activity   activity
                                               ’000       2024         2023


    Haier Group       Mainland China/    RMB7,000      42.00%       42.00%    Financing            Limited liability
     Finance Co., Ltd  Mainland China                                                                company


   The following table illustrates summarised financial position of Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd
   information as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 and summarised financial performance information for
   the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and
   reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements.

   Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Haier Finance”)

                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                  RMB’M                    RMB’M


    Current assets                                                                 55,207                   58,472
    Non-Current assets                                                             20,913                   17,216
    Current liabilities                                                           (55,910)                 (56,268)
    Non-current liabilities                                                          (639)                    (583)


    Net assets                                                                     19,571                   18,837


    Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                           42.00%                   42.00%


    The Group’s share of net assets of Haier Finance                                8,220                    7,912


    Revenue                                                                         1,983                    1,699
    Profit for the year                                                             1,294                    1,418
    Other comprehensive loss                                                           —                        (23)
    Total comprehensive income for the year                                         1,294                    1,395


    Reconciliation of carrying amount of Haier Finance:
    Share of net assets as at 1 January                                             7,912                    7,561
    Dividends received                                                               (235)                    (235)
    Share of results of Haier Finance                                                 543                      586


    Carrying amount as at 31 December                                               8,220                    7,912
258   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
            The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not
            individually material:

                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                        RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                         (Restated)


               Share of results of the associates for the year                            1,266                 965
               Share of the associates’ other comprehensive loss                            (43)               (100)
               Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income                        1,223                 865


                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                        RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                         (Restated)


               Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
                 in the associates                                                       12,813              12,395


      20. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FVTOCI
                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


               Listed equity investments, at fair value:
               — Qingdao East Soft Communication Technology Co., Ltd                         15                  12
               — Other                                                                       11                   8

               Unlisted equity investments, at fair value:
               — SINOPEC Fuel Oil Sales Corporation Limited                               1,674               1,986
               — Haier COSMO IOT Ecosystem Technology Co., Ltd.
                    (“COSMO”)                                                             2,786               2,817
               — Other                                                                    1,501               1,581


                                                                                          5,987               6,404


            The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVTOCI as the Group considers these
            investments to be strategic in nature. Details of valuation techniques used to estimate the fair values of
            the above equity investments are set out in Note 42 to consolidated financial statements.

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group received dividends in the amount of
            approximately RMB54 million (2023: RMB59 million) from the above investments.
                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   259

                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




21. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FVTPL
                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                           RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                               (Restated)


    Current
    Wealth management products                                                  746                    491
    Investment funds                                                            295                    223
    Investment in other equity instruments                                      195                    243


                                                                             1,236                     957


   As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, included in the Group’s wealth management products were
   products with floating returns which were measured at FVTPL.

22. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                           RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                               (Restated)


    Current
    Wealth management products                                                    —                  1,530
    Time deposits                                                            1,931                      —


                                                                             1,931                   1,530


    Non-current
    Time deposits                                                           15,475                   9,118
    Long-term receivables                                                      224                     350


                                                                            15,699                   9,468


    Total                                                                   17,630                 10,998


   As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, included in the Group’s wealth management products and time
   deposits were products with fixed returns which were stated at amortised cost. All wealth
   management products are principal protected. The time deposits with carrying amounts of RMB13,846
   million (2023: RMB7,464 million) are placed with Haier Finance as at 31 December 2024. Certain time
   deposits are unsecured, interest on 2.6%–3.4% per annum (2023: 3.4% per annum) and recoverable
   more than one year. The expected credit losses for the financial assets measured at amortised cost
   are immaterial to the Group.
260   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      23. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                            2024       2023
                                                                          RMB’M       RMB’M


               Derivatives that are designated and effective as hedging
                 instruments carried at fair value:

               Current assets
               Foreign currency forward contracts                            139           68
               Cross currency interest rate swap contracts                     4           —

                                                                             143           68


               Current liabilities
               Foreign currency forward contracts                             71          167
               Forward commodity contract                                     —             2

                                                                              71          169

      24. INVENTORIES
                                                                            2024         2023
                                                                          RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                                    (Restated)


               Raw material                                                6,691        5,665
               Work in progress                                              222           48
               Finished goods                                             36,131       33,812

                                                                          43,044       39,525

      25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                            2024         2023
                                                                          RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                                    (Restated)


               Trade receivables                                          27,528       24,152
               Less: Allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”)         (1,055)       (1,469)

               Trade receivables, net                                     26,473       22,683

               Bills receivables                                          12,120        8,795
               Less: Allowance for ECL                                        (1)           (5)

               Bills receivables, net                                     12,119        8,790

               Total                                                      38,592       31,473
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   261

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
   The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where
   payment in advance is normally required. The credit period generally ranges from 30 to 90 days. Each
   customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding
   receivables to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In
   view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of
   diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any
   collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-
   interest bearing.

   Category of bills receivables

                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


    Bank acceptance bills                                                       10,321                   8,614
    Commercial acceptance bills                                                  1,799                     181
    Less: Allowance for ECL                                                         (1)                      (5)


    Total                                                                       12,119                   8,790


   All bills receivables by the Group are with a maturity period of less than one year.

   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables (net of ECL) as at the end of the reporting period, based
   on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


    1 to 3 months                                                               24,078                 20,178
    3 months to 1 year                                                           1,635                  1,912
    1 to 2 years                                                                   559                    415
    2 to 3 years                                                                   120                    122
    Over 3 years                                                                    81                     56


                                                                                26,473                 22,683
262   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
            The movements in the ECL allowance of trade and bills receivables are as follows:

                                                                                          2024                      2023
                                                                                        RMB’M                    RMB’M
                                                                                                               (Restated)


               As at 1 January                                                             1,474                   1,284
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                    —                         4
               Impairment losses, net (Note 6)                                               306                     296
               Amount written off as uncollectible                                          (714)                   (103)
               Exchange realignment                                                          (10)                      (7)


               As at 31 December                                                           1,056                   1,474


            As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a
            provision matrix to measure ECL. The ECL rates are based on days past due for groupings of various
            customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type). The calculation reflects the
            probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information
            that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future
            economic conditions.

            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using
            a provision matrix:

            As at 31 December 2024


                                                      Less than      1 to      2 to      Over   Individual
                                                         1 year   2 years   3 years   3 years assessment             Total


               Average loss rate                         1.48%    15.31%    33.70%    62.15%        98.16%          3.83%
               Gross carrying amount (RMB’M)             26,099       653       181       214           381         27,528
               Expected credit loss (RMB’M)                 387       100        61       133           374          1,055


            As at 31 December 2023 (Restated)


                                                      Less than      1 to      2 to      Over     Individual
                                                         1 year   2 years   3 years   3 years   assessment            Total


               Average loss rate                         1.38%    14.32%    38.38%    69.06%        99.66%          6.08%
               Gross carrying amount (RMB’M)             22,397       482       198       181           894         24,152
               Expected credit loss (RMB’M)                 308        69        76       125           891          1,469
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   263

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
   Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates approximately
   RMB324 million (2023: RMB588 million (restated)) and amounts due from associates approximately
   RMB555 million (2023: RMB1,276 million (restated)) as at 31 December 2024. All of these amounts are
   repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the Group. Further details
   of the sales to these related parties are set out in Note 13 to consolidated financial statements.

   As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bills receivables of approximately RMB5,068 million (2023:
   RMB4,357 million) were pledged to secure the Group’s bills payable. The Groups’ bills receivables of
   approximately RMB47 million (2023: RMB157 million (restated)) and trade receivables of approximately
   RMBNil million (2023: RMB1 million) were pledged to secured of the Group’s loan.

26. RECEIVABLES AT FVTOCI
                                                                                  2024                   2023
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


    Bills receivables at FVTOCI                                                      183                    159
    Trade receivables at FVTOCI                                                      177                     41


    Total                                                                            360                    200


   As part of the Group’s cash flow management, the Group factors certain trade receivables to financial
   institutions before the receivables are due for payment. The factored trade receivables are
   derecognised on the basis that the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards to the
   relevant counterparties. Such trade receivables that are held for the collection of contractual cash flows
   and sale of financial assets, have been classified as trade receivables at FVTOCI.

   Certain bills which were held by the Group for the practice of discounting/endorsing to financial
   institutions/suppliers before the bills due for payment were classified as “bills receivables at FVTOCI”.
   At 31 December 2024 and 2023, all bills are bank acceptance bills and with a maturity period of less
   than one year.
264   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      27. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                          2024                    2023
                                                                                                        RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                             (Restated)


               Current
               Interest receivables                                                                          772                    748
               Taxes recoverable                                                                           3,606                  2,611
               Prepayments                                                                                 2,392                  1,402
               Deposits                                                                                      111                     85
               Other receivables                                                                           2,704                  2,560
               Miscellaneous receivables                                                                     566                    671


                                                                                                         10,151                   8,077
               Less: Allowance for ECL                                                                     (339)                   (433)


                                                                                                           9,812                  7,644
               Non-current
               Long-term prepayments                                                                       1,381                  1,747


                                                                                                         11,193                   9,391

            Notes:


            Included in the Group’s prepayments, deposits and other receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates of approximately
            RMB446 million (2023: RMB64 million (restated)) and amounts due from associates of approximately RMB1,721 million (2023:
            RMB716 million (restated)) as at 31 December 2024. All of these amounts are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on demand.


            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables mainly represent prepayments and the deposits with suppliers and other parties.


            Included in the Group’s long-term prepayments are advances made to Haier Affiliates relating to the Group’s property, plant and
            equipment with an aggregate amount of approximately RMB13 million (2023: RMB9 million) as at 31 December 2024. The amounts
            are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on demand.
                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   265

                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




27. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
   The movements in the ECL of prepayments, deposits and other receivables are as follows:

                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                                            RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                (Restated)


    As at 1 January                                                              433                    445
    Impairment losses, net (Note 6)                                              240                    290
    Amount written off as uncollectible                                         (334)                  (303)
    Exchange realignment                                                          —                       1


    As at 31 December                                                            339                    433


28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                                            RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                (Restated)


    Cash and bank balances                                                   34,695                 32,849
    Time deposits                                                            20,889                 24,407


                                                                             55,584                 57,256
    Less: Cash and bank balances and time deposits pledged for:
          Bills payables (Note 29)                                              (484)                  (434)
          Bank guarantees                                                        (49)                    (41)


    Pledged deposits                                                            (533)                  (475)
    Other deposit with limited use                                               (70)                    (98)


    Cash and cash equivalents                                                54,981                 56,683
266   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
            (continued)
            As at 31 December 2024, the cash and bank balances and time deposits of the Group, denominated
            in RMB, amounted to approximately RMB34,209 million (2023: RMB40,856 million (restated)). The RMB
            is not freely convertible into other currencies; however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange
            Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
            Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to
            conduct foreign exchange business.

            Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits are
            made for within three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn
            interest at the deposit rates of the respective periods. The bank balances and pledged deposits are
            deposited with creditworthy banks or financial institutions with no recent history of default.

            Bank balances carry interest at market rates which range from 0.10% to 3.50% per annum (2023:
            0.30% to 3.50% per annum) for the year ended 31 December 2024. The pledged deposits carry an
            interest rate which ranges from 0.2% to 2.05% per annum (2023: 0.39% to 3.4% per annum) for the
            year ended 31 December 2024. The pledged bank deposits will be released upon the settlement of
            relevant bills payables.

            Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged to banks to secure banking facilities granted to the
            Group. Deposits amounting to approximately RMB484 million (2023: RMB434 million (restated)) have
            been pledged to secure bills payables as at 31 December 2024 and classified as current assets.

            Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are deposits of approximately RMB20,565 million
            (2023: RMB26,279 million (restated)) placed with Haier Finance as at 31 December 2024 which is an
            associate of the Group and is a financial institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The
            interest rate on these deposits ranges from 0.00012% to 4.10% per annum (2023: 0.00012% to
            5.32% per annum) for the year ended 31 December 2024. Further details of the interest income
            attributable to the deposits placed with Haier Finance are set out in Note 13 to consolidated financial
            statements.

      29. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


               Trade payables                                                          54,588             49,918
               Bills payables                                                          21,149             22,261


                                                                                       75,737             72,179
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   267

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




29. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES (continued)
   An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
   invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


     Within 1 year                                                                74,848                 71,516
     1 to 2 years                                                                    520                    304
     2 to 3 years                                                                    135                    166
     Over 3 years                                                                    234                    193


                                                                                  75,737                 72,179


   (a)   The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on credit terms
         ranging from 30 to 270 days.

   (b)   Included in the Group’s trade and bills payables are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of approximately
         RMB1,149 million (2023: RMB1,486 million (restated)) and amounts due to associates of
         approximately RMB1,202 million (2023: RMB1,457 million) as at 31 December 2024. Further
         details of the purchases from these related parties are set out in Note 13 to consolidated
         financial statements.

   (c)   As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bills payable are secured by the pledge of the Group’s
         bank deposits amounting to approximately RMB484 million (2023: RMB434 million (restated))
         (Note 28) and the Group’s bills receivables amounting to approximately RMB5,068 million (2023:
         RMB4,357 million). As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bills payables are guaranteed by Haier
         Group, amounting to approximately RMB2,182 million (2023: RMB2,639 million).
268   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      29. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES (continued)
            (d)    The financial liabilities that are part of the Group’s supplier finance arrangements included in trade
                   payables and interest-bearing borrowings, which is disclosed in Note 32 to consolidated financial
                   statements, are normally settled from 30-day to 270-day terms, respectively.

                   The Group has established supplier finance arrangements that are offered to some of the
                   Group’s key suppliers. Participation in the arrangements is at the suppliers’ own discretion.
                   Suppliers that participate in the supplier finance arrangements will receive early payments or
                   payments at the original due dates on invoices sent to the Group from the Group’s external
                   finance provider. If suppliers choose to receive early payments, they pay a fee to the finance
                   provider. In order for the finance provider to pay the invoices, the goods must have been
                   received or supplied and the invoices must have been approved by the Group. Payments to
                   suppliers ahead of or at the invoice due date are processed by the finance provider and, in all
                   cases, the Group settles the original invoice by paying the finance provider in line with the
                   original invoice maturity date or at a later date as agreed with the finance provider. Payment
                   terms with suppliers have not been renegotiated in conjunction with the arrangements. The
                   Group provides no security to the finance provider.

                   All financial liabilities that are part of the supplier finance arrangements are included in trade and
                   bills payables and interest-bearing borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position
                   and within trade payables and the current portion of unsecured bank loans.


                                                                                                                2024
                                                                                                              RMB’M


                      Carrying amount of financial liabilities that are part of the supplier finance
                        arrangements included in:

                      Trade and bills payables                                                                   8,503
                      Of which suppliers have received payments                                                  4,675


                      Carrying amount of financial liabilities that are part of the supplier finance
                        arrangements included in:

                      Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                   98
                      Of which suppliers have received payments                                                     98


                   For financial liabilities that are part of the supplier finance arrangements included in trade and
                   bills payables, there were no significant non-cash changes in the carrying amounts of these
                   financial liabilities. For financial liabilities that are part of the supplier finance arrangements
                   included in interest-bearing borrowings, the related non-cash transaction is disclosed in Note
                   39(a) to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   269

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




30. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


    Other payables and accruals                                                   21,065                 18,239
    Payables for employee benefits                                                 5,041                  5,152
    Other tax payables                                                             1,265                  1,356
    Put option liabilities                                                         2,024                  1,977
    Refund liabilities:
       Volume rebate                                                               1,960                   1,683
       Sales return                                                                  578                     639
    Deferred income (Note 34)                                                        151                     115
    Interest payable                                                                 140                      93


                                                                                  32,224                 29,254


                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


    Current                                                                       32,224                 27,277
    Non-current                                                                       —                   1,977


                                                                                  32,224                 29,254


   Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

   Included in the Group’s other payables and accruals are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of
   approximately RMB275 million (2023: RMB370 million (restated)), amounts due to associates of
   approximately RMB3 million (2023: RMB45 million) as at 31 December 2024. All of these amounts are
   unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

   Included in other payables and accruals, put option liabilities arose from the put options granted to a
   non-controlling interest (“NCI”) shareholders of the Group’s subsidiary, to sell their respective interests
   in Gooday Supply Chain Technologies Co., Ltd. to the Group at price to be determined based on
   initial investment cost plus 5% accrued interest up to the date of the purchase. The carrying amount
   was approximately RMB2,024 million (2023: RMB1,977 million (restated)).
270   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      31. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES
            (a)    Contract assets

                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                       RMB’M              RMB’M


                      Retention for rendering service                                    1,079                328
                      Less: Allowance for expected credit loss                             (91)                (67)


                                                                                           988                261


                   The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and
                   not billed because the rights are conditioned on the Group’s future performance. The contract
                   assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

                   The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to realise them
                   in its normal operating cycle.

            (b)    Contract liabilities
                   The Group’s sale of products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other
                   value-added customer services contracts include payment schedules which require stage
                   payments over the services period once certain specified milestones are reached. The Group
                   requires certain customers to provide upfront deposits range from 10% to 20% of total contract
                   sum as part of its credit risk management policies.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   271

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




31. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES (continued)
   (b)   Contract liabilities (continued)
         The Group’s contract liabilities are analysed as follows:

                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Sale of goods                                                         10,737                   7,724
          Rendering of services                                                    115                     125


          As at 31 December                                                     10,852                   7,849


         Contract liabilities mainly include short-term advances received from customers for sales of
         products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other value-added customer
         services.

                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Contract liabilities
          As at 1 January                                                         7,849                  9,470
          Less: Revenue recognised during the year                               (6,649)                (8,831)
          Consideration received from customers over the
            amounts of revenue recognised                                        9,652                   7,210


          As at 31 December                                                     10,852                   7,849
272   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      32. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
            The analysis of the carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                     RMB’M           RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


               Current
               Bank loans — unsecured                                                 23,599          10,679
               Bank loans — secured                                                      528             320


                                                                                      24,127          10,999


               Non-current
               Bank loans — unsecured                                                  9,557          18,402
               Bank loans — secured                                                      109              15


                                                                                       9,666          18,417


                                                                                      33,793          29,416


               Unsecured                                                              33,156          29,081
               Secured                                                                   637             335


                                                                                      33,793          29,416


               Analysed into:
               Loans repayable:
                 Within one year or on demand                                         24,127          10,999
                 In the second year                                                    2,274          13,443
                 In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                6,832           4,876
                 Over five years                                                         560              98


                                                                                      33,793          29,416


               Effective interest rate
                 Current
                    Bank loans — unsecured                                  0.75% to 13.0%      0.7% to 9.2%
                    Bank loans — secured                                      1.1% to 7.6%      1.7% to 4.7%
                 Non-current
                    Bank loans — unsecured                                    1.3% to 5.4%      1.2% to 7.0%
                    Bank loans — secured                                      1.6% to 5.1%      4.3% to 4.6%
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   273

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




32. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (continued)
   As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings were denominated in the
   following currencies:

                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


         USD                                                                      13,864                 11,618
         EUR                                                                       5,292                  7,292
         RMB                                                                       9,527                  5,690
         Other currencies                                                          5,110                  4,816


                                                                                  33,793                 29,416


   Included in the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings are borrowings of approximately RMB196 million
   (2023: Nil) from Haier Finance, which is an associate of the Group and is a financial institution
   approved by the People’s Bank of China. The interest rate on these loans ranges from 4.4% to 4.9%
   per annum (2023: Nil) for the year ended 31 December 2024. Further details of the interest expense to
   these related parties are set out in Note 13 to consolidated financial statement.

   The Group’s loans are guaranteed by:

   (i)      Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, to the extent of approximately RMB320
            million as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMBNil million); and

   The Group’s loans are secured by:

   (i)      the pledge of the Group’s trade and bills receivables with carrying amount of approximately RMB47
            million as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB158 million (restated)); and

   (ii)     the pledge of the Group’s other intangible assets with carrying amount of approximately RMB93
            million as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB55 million (restated)).
274   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      33. PROVISIONS
                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


               Product warranties                                                        4,320              3,809
               Legal claim                                                                 224                242
               Others                                                                      552                416


                                                                                         5,096              4,467
               Portion classified as current liabilities                                (2,710)            (2,532)


               Non-current portion                                                       2,386              1,935


            The movements in product warranties are as follows:

                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


               As at 1 January                                                           3,809              3,502
               Additional provision (Note 6)                                             6,403              6,344
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                 202                 71
               Amounts utilised during the year                                         (6,053)            (6,135)
               Exchange realignment                                                        (41)                27


               As at 31 December                                                         4,320              3,809


            The Group provides installation services and warranties of three to eight years to its customers for
            refrigerators, freezers, kitchen conditioners, air-appliances, laundry appliances, water appliances and
            smart home business overseas under which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The amount of
            the provision for the warranties is estimated based on retail volume and past experience of the level of
            installation services rendered, repairs and returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an ongoing
            basis and revised where appropriate.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   275

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




34. DEFERRED INCOME
   The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    As at 1 January                                                             1,237                   1,146
    Compensation received during the year                                         153                     233
    Credit to profit or loss                                                     (158)                   (142)


    As at 31 December                                                           1,232                   1,237
    Less: Current portion included in other payables
            and accruals (Note 30)                                                (151)                  (115)


    Non-current portion                                                         1,081                   1,122


   Government grants mainly include subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group which
   operates in the Mainland China in accordance with the subsidy policies of local government authorities.
   Subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group is recognised in the consolidated statement of
   profit or loss and other comprehensive income when received and no specific conditions are required.
276   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      35. DEFERRED TAX
            The movements in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities during the years ended 31 December
            2024 and 2023 are as follows:

            Deferred tax assets

                                                                                Lease                                 Research and
                                                       Provision for    liabilities and   Unrealised                  development
                                                        impairment           payables        profits    Tax losses           costs   Others     Total
                                                            RMB’M             RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2023 (restated)                  498              2,538          849           219              615     380      5,099
               Deferred tax (charged)/credited to
                  the statement of profit or loss
                  during the year, net                           (11)              179          (141)           9              542      41       619
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                         1                 1            —             —               —       —           2
               Exchange realignment                               (5)               18            —             4               14      (98)      (67)


               As at 31 December 2023 and
                  1 January 2024 (restated)                     483              2,736          708           232            1,171     323      5,653
               Deferred tax credited to the
                  statement of profit or loss during
                  the year, net                                  89                118          164            20              344      56       791
               Deferred tax charged to the
                  statement of other
                  comprehensive income during
                  the year                                        —                 —             —             —               —       (16)      (16)
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                       72                187            —             —               —      290       549
               Exchange realignment                              (42)              (25)          15             (4)              9      (32)      (79)


               As at 31 December 2024                           602              3,016          887           248            1,524     621      6,898
                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024        277

                                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024




35. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
   Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                         Remeasurement
                                                                          of fair value of
                                                         Right of use      the remaining     Change in fair
                                                               assets,      equity on the    value of other
                                       Withholding   depreciation and     date of loss of equity instrument
                                             taxes       amortisation              control       investment             Others          Total
                                           RMB’M               RMB’M               RMB’M             RMB’M              RMB’M          RMB’M


    As at 1 January 2023 (restated)            94               4,024                374               293                 401           5,186
    Deferred tax charged/(credited)
       to the statement of profit or
       loss during the year, net                —                 109                 —                  —                 (57)            52
    Deferred tax charged to the
       statement of other
       comprehensive income
       during the year                          —                   —                 —                 13                  65             78
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —                   9                 —                 —                   —               9
    Exchange realignment                        —                  18                 —                 —                  (11)             7


    As at 31 December 2023 and
       1 January 2024 (restated)               94               4,160                374               306                 398           5,332
    Deferred tax charged/(credited)
       to the statement of profit or
       loss during the year, net                —                  27                 —                  —                (106)            (79)
    Deferred tax charged to the
       statement of other
       comprehensive income
       during the year                          —                   —                 —                  (5)               (54)           (59)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —                 671                 —                  —                 116            787
    Exchange realignment                        —                 (35)                —                   1                 16            (18)


    As at 31 December 2024                     94               4,823                374               302                 370           5,963


   For presentation purpose, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the
   consolidated statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balance of
   the Group for financial reporting purpose:

                                                                                                           2024                        2023
                                                                                                         RMB’M                      RMB’M
                                                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                                                          2,477                  1,849
    Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                                                         (1,542)                (1,528)


    Net deferred tax assets                                                                                     935                     321
278   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      36. SHARE CAPITAL
            The movements of the Company’s issued share capital during the years ended 31 December 2024
            and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                    number of                 Share
                                                              H Shares      D Shares       A Shares    shares                capital
                                                                    ’M            ’M             ’M        ’M                RMB’M


                  As at 1 January 2023                             2,867           271           6,309           9,447          9,447
                  Share repurchased and cancelled
                    (Note a)                                          (9)            —               —               (9)             (9)


                  As at 31 December 2023 and
                    1 January 2024                                 2,858           271           6,309           9,438          9,438
                  Share repurchased and cancelled
                    (Note b)                                          (1)            —               —              (1)             (1)
                  Treasury shares cancelled (Note c)                  —              —              (54)           (54)            (54)


                  As at 31 December 2024                           2,857           271           6,255           9,383          9,383

            Notes:


            (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company repurchased a total of 8,483,600 H shares at a consideration of
                     approximately HKD199 million which were subsequently cancelled.


            (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased a total of 1,150,000 H shares at a consideration of
                     approximately HKD27 million which were subsequently cancelled.

            (c)      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company cancelled a total of 54,051,559 treasury shares in A Shares, the
                     Company recognised a decrease of RMB54 million in share capital, RMB1,495 million in treasury shares and RMB1,441
                     million in reserves.

            (d)      All shares issued are at par value of RMB1.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   279

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS
   The Company adopted the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025), the H
   Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025) and the H Share Restricted Share
   Unit Scheme (RSU) at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2021.

   It is expected that relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside within Mainland China will mainly
   be covered by the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, while relevant employees of the Group
   ordinarily reside outside Mainland China will mainly be covered by the RSU Scheme.

   The A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme are designed to provide incentive to middle and
   senior management and core employees with the Company’s two to three-year profit target, and
   business unit and individual performance target as the main appraisal benchmarks. There is no
   consideration to be paid by the participants for the shares awarded under the A Share and H Share
   ESOPs and RSU Scheme, which aligns with the purpose of the share aware scheme to attract and
   retain the services of directors and employees.

   The ESOP for each year shall be independent of each other, but the total number of shares held by
   each established and existing ESOP (including A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP) shall not exceed
   10% of the total share capital of the Company, and the total number of shares corresponding to a
   single employee’s share in the existing ESOPs shall not exceed 1% of the total amount of the
   Company’s share capital.

   (a)   A and H Share ESOP
         A Share ESOP
         Particulars and movements of A Share ESOP during the year ended 31 December 2024 and
         2023 were as follows:


                                                         2024                             2023
                                               Weighted                         Weighted
                                                 average                          average
                                              grant date     Number of         grant date      Number of
                                               fair value     awarded           fair value      awarded
                                               per share        shares          per share         shares
                                                    RMB                              RMB


          At 1 January                               23.6     45,649,609              23.5       44,637,782
          Grant during the year                      27.5     31,266,608              24.5       25,117,000
          Vested during the year                     23.4    (19,122,687)             23.9      (14,854,383)
          Cancelled during the year                  22.6     (9,337,505)             24.9        (9,250,790)


          Outstanding as at
           31 December                               26.4    48,456,025               23.6       45,649,609
280   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a)    A and H Share ESOP (continued)
                   A Share ESOP (continued)
                   During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company granted A Share ESOP on 12 July
                   2024 (2023: 28 July 2023) with an estimated fair value of RMB860 million (2023: RMB614
                   million).

                   The fair value of the A Share ESOP was calculated based on the market closing price of the
                   Company’s shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have
                   been taken into account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.

                   H Share ESOP
                   Particulars and movements of H Share ESOP during the year ended 31 December 2024 and
                   2023 were as follows:


                                                                 2024                         2023
                                                       Weighted                     Weighted
                                                         average                      average
                                                      grant date     Number of     grant date      Number of
                                                       fair value     awarded       fair value      awarded
                                                       per share        shares      per share         shares
                                                            RMB                          RMB


                      At 1 January                          21.5     5,248,484          20.7      5,117,851
                      Grant during the year                 23.8     3,035,400          22.7      3,230,400
                      Vested during the year                21.0    (2,091,280)         20.8     (1,469,399)
                      Cancelled during the year             19.7      (817,197)         21.6     (1,630,368)


                      Outstanding as at
                       31 December                          23.3     5,375,407          21.5      5,248,484
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   281

                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (a)   A and H Share ESOP (continued)
         H Share ESOP (continued)
         During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company granted H Share ESOP on 26 July
         2024 (2023: 28 July 2023) with an estimated fair value of RMB72 million (2023: RMB73 million).

         The Group recognised a total expense of RMB674 million (2023: RMB407 million) for the year
         ended 31 December 2024 in relation to A and H Share ESOP granted by the Company. During
         the year ended 31 December 2024, participants failed to meet the performance target or
         forfeited of share award granted prior to completion of vesting period of certain of its
         outstanding A and H ESOP, the impact of the revision for RMB228 million is adjusted in profit or
         loss.

         The fair value of the H Share ESOP was calculated based on the market closing price of the
         Company’s shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have
         been taken into account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.

   (b)   H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme
         Particulars and movements of H Share RSU during the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023
         were as follows:


                                                        2024                              2023
                                              Weighted                          Weighted
                                                average                           average
                                             grant date     Number of          grant date      Number of
                                              fair value     awarded            fair value      awarded
                                              per share        shares           per share         shares
                                                   RMB                               RMB


          At 1 January                              21.7     14,085,549               22.0        8,765,875
          Grant during the year                     25.4      4,689,425               21.4        6,158,959
          Vested during the year                    21.6     (2,277,933)              22.0         (536,428)
          Cancelled during the year                 21.6       (951,230)              21.6           (23,427)
          Lapsed during the year                    22.1     (1,911,860)              22.5         (279,430)


          Outstanding as at
           31 December                              23.0     13,633,951               21.7       14,085,549
282   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (b)    H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (continued)
                   During the year ended 31 December 2024, H Share RSU were granted on 24 June 2024 and 22
                   November 2024. The estimated fair values of the H Share RSU granted on those dates are
                   RMB109 million and RMB11 million respectively.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2023, H Share RSU were granted on 23 June 2023 and
                   1 November 2023. The estimated fair values of the H Share RSU granted on those dates are
                   RMB131 million and RMB1 million respectively.

                   The Group recognised a total expense of RMB22 million (2023: RMB43 million) for the year
                   ended 31 December 2024 in relation to H Share RSU granted by the Company. During the year
                   ended 31 December 2024, participants failed to meet the performance target or forfeited of
                   share award granted prior to completion of vesting period of certain of its outstanding H Share
                   RSU, the impact of the revision for RMB38 million is adjusted in profit or loss.

                   The fair value of the H Share RSU was calculated based on the market closing price of the
                   Company’s shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have
                   been taken into account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.

            (c)    A-Share Option Scheme
                   The total number shares of the Company to be granted under the A Share Option Incentive
                   schemes within the validity period to any participants will not exceed 1% of the total number of
                   shares of the Company. The total underlying shares of the Company involved under fully effective
                   share option incentive schemes shall not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the
                   Company.

                   2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
                   The Company adopted a 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2022 A Share Option
                   Incentive Scheme”) at the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2022.

                   The share options granted in 2022 will be valid for a maximum period of 60 months
                   commencing from the grant date to the date of full exercise or cancellation of all share options
                   granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant date of share
                   options granted under the 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, and subject to the
                   satisfaction of the exercise conditions, the participants may exercise the options in four yearly
                   phases of 25% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share options is from the
                   date of grant until the respective vesting dates.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   283

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (c)   A-Share Option Scheme (continued)
         2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (continued)
         Particulars and movements of share options during the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023
         were as follows:


                                                         2024                               2023
                                                Weighted                          Weighted
                                                 average                           average
                                                 exercise                          exercise
                                                    price    Number of                 price     Number of
                                                per share      options            per share        options
                                                     RMB                              RMB


          At 1 January                                24.3    106,048,020               24.4      155,282,110
          Cancelled during the year                   24.3    (33,435,928)              24.6       (45,132,648)
          Lapsed during the year                      24.5     (5,740,236)              24.6         (4,101,442)


          Outstanding as at
           31 December                                24.3     66,871,856               24.3      106,048,020


         The weighted average remaining contract life for outstanding share options was 2 years in 2024
         (2023: 2.6 years).

         The Group recognises the fair value of share options as an expense in the income statement
         over the vesting period, or as an asset, if the cost qualifies for recognition as an asset. The fair
         value of the share options is measured at the date of grant. The Group recognised a total
         expense of RMB195 million (2023: RMB161 million) for the year ended 31 December 2024 in
         relation to share options granted by the Company. During the year ended 31 December 2024,
         participants failed to meet the performance target or forfeited of share options granted prior to
         completion of vesting period of certain of its outstanding option, the impact of the revision for
         RMB251 million is adjusted in profit or loss.
284   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      38. RESERVES
            Reserves
            The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the years ended 31 December
            2024 and 2023 are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of the consolidated
            financial statements.

            (i)     According to the relevant rules and regulations in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”),
                    subsidiaries of the Company established in the PRC are required to transfer 10% of their net
                    profit, as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and regulations, to the
                    reserve fund until the balance of the reserve reaches 50% of their respective registered capital.
                    The transfer to this reserve must be made before distribution of dividends to owners of these
                    subsidiaries. Reserve fund can be used to set off previous years’ losses, if any, and may be
                    converted into capital in proportion to existing equity owners’ equity percentage, provided that
                    the balance after such issuance is not less than 25% of their registered capital.

            (ii)    Exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve comprises all foreign exchange
                    differences arising from the translation of the financial statement of operations.

            (iii)   The cash flow hedge reserve represent the cumulative amount of gains and losses on hedging
                    instruments deemed effective in cash flow hedges. The cumulative deferred gain or loss on the
                    hedging instrument is recognised in profit or loss only when the hedged transaction impacts the
                    profit or loss, or is included directly in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged
                    non-financial items (basis adjustment).

            (iv)    Fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investments
                    designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) under IFRS 9 that are
                    held at the end of the reporting period.

            (v)     Treasury shares reserve comprises the value of those ordinary shares repurchased and cancelled.
                    At 31 December 2024, the Company had outstanding treasury shares of 149,470,502 (31
                    December 2023: 205,596,375) shares.
                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   285

                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024




39. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (a)   Major non-cash transactions
         (i)       During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use
                   assets of approximately RMB2,746 million (2023: RMB2,371 million) and lease liabilities of
                   approximately RMB2,631 million (2023: RMB1,806 million), in respect of lease arrangements
                   for land and building, machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures and
                   equipment.

         (ii)      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group reclassified trade payables of
                   approximately RMB148 million (2023: RMB196 million (restated)) to interest-bearing
                   borrowings in respect of the supplier finance arrangements.

   (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                Other payables
                                                                and accruals in
                                                                     relation to
                                                                      financing     Interest bearing
                                                                       activities        borrowings     Lease liabilities
                                                                         RMB’M               RMB’M              RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2023 (restated)                               146              26,518               4,432
               Changes from financing cash flows                          (7,267)              2,088              (1,729)
               Foreign exchange movement                                      38                 682                  34
               New leases                                                     —                   —                2,200
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                    —                   18                   7
               Liabilities under supplier finance arrangement
                  transferred from trade and bills payables                   —                 196                   —
               Early termination                                              —                  —                  (343)
               Interest payable                                            1,997                 —                   168
               Others changes                                                 —                  (86)                 —
               Dividends payable to shareholders                           5,254                  —                   —
               Dividends payable to non-controlling interests                 25                  —                   —


               As at 31 December 2023 and
                  1 January 2024 (restated)                                  193              29,416               4,769
               Changes from financing cash flows                          (9,981)              4,078              (1,691)
               Foreign exchange movement                                       5                 228                 (43)
               New leases                                                     —                   —                2,471
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                    —                   —                  393
               Liabilities under supplier finance arrangement
                  transferred from trade and bills payables                   —                 148                   —
               Early termination                                              —                  —                  (289)
               Interest payable                                            2,483                 —                   222
               Others changes                                                 —                  (77)                 —
               Dividends payable to shareholders                           7,444                  —                   —
               Dividends payable to non-controlling interests                108                  —                   —


               As at 31 December 2024                                        252              33,793               5,832
286   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      40. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
            concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
            balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the interest-bearing borrowings
            and lease liabilities disclosed in Notes 32 and 16(b) respectively, net assets of the Group, comprising
            issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

            The Group has established supplier finance arrangements to manage its working capital, details of
            which are included in Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

            The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                            RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                             (Restated)


                  Debt (i)                                                                   39,625             34,185
                  Equity (ii)                                                               118,389            107,530


                  Net debt to equity ratio                                                   33.5%               31.8%


            (i)       Debt is defined as long and short-term interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities as detailed
                      in Notes 32 and 16(b).

            (ii)      Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   287

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments are as follows:

   Financial assets
   31 December 2024

                                                                                       Financial
                                                                                          assets
                                       Financial     Financial        Derivative    measured at
                                       Assets at     assets at    designated as       amortised
                                          FVTPL       FVTOCI            hedges              cost           Total
                                         RMB’M         RMB’M            RMB’M            RMB’M            RMB’M

    Equity investments designated
       at FVTOCI                              —         5,987                 —               —             5,987
    Trade and bills receivables               —            —                  —           38,592           38,592
    Receivables at FVTOCI                     —           360                 —               —               360
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables          —             —                 —            3,814            3,814
    Financial assets measured at
       FVTPL                               1,236            —                 —               —             1,236
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                         —             —                —            17,630           17,630
    Derivative financial instruments          —             —               143               —               143
    Pledged deposits                          —             —                —               533              533
    Other deposits with limited use           —             —                —                70               70
    Cash and cash equivalents                 —             —                —            54,981           54,981

                                           1,236        6,347               143          115,620          123,346


   31 December 2023 (Restated)

                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                          assets
                                        Financial     Financial        Derivative    measured at
                                          Assets      assets at    designated as       amortised
                                       at FVTPL        FVTOCI            hedges             cost             Total
                                         RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M

    Equity investments designated
       at FVTOCI                              —         6,404                 —               —             6,404
    Trade and bills receivables               —            —                  —           31,473           31,473
    Receivables at FVTOCI                     —           200                 —               —               200
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables          —             —                 —            3,631            3,631
    Financial assets measured at
       FVTPL                                957             —                 —               —               957
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                         —             —                —            10,998           10,998
    Derivative financial instruments          —             —                68               —                68
    Pledged deposits                          —             —                —               475              475
    Other deposits with limited use           —             —                —                98               98
    Cash and cash equivalents                 —             —                —            56,683           56,683

                                            957         6,604                68          103,358          110,987
288   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
            Financial liabilities
            31 December 2024


                                                                                     Financial
                                                                                     liabilities
                                                                    Derivative    measured at
                                                                   designated       amortised
                                                                   as hedges               cost      Total
                                                                      RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                                     —            75,737      75,737
               Financial liabilities included other payables and
                  accruals                                                  —            28,270      28,270
               Derivative financial instruments                             71               —           71
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                  —            33,793      33,793
               Other non-current liabilities                                —               285         285
               Lease liabilities                                            —             5,832       5,832


                                                                            71         143,917      143,988


            31 December 2023 (Restated)


                                                                                      Financial
                                                                                      liabilities
                                                                     Derivative    measured at
                                                                    designated       amortised
                                                                    as hedges              cost       Total
                                                                       RMB’M            RMB’M       RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                                     —            72,179      72,179
               Financial liabilities included other payables and
                  accruals                                                  —            25,461      25,461
               Derivative financial instruments                            169               —          169
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                  —            29,416      29,416
               Other non-current liabilities                                —               114         114
               Lease liabilities                                            —             4,769       4,769


                                                                           169         131,939      132,108
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   289

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




42. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
   The Group’s management is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
   measurement of financial instruments. As at each reporting date, management analyses the
   movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the
   valuation. The valuation process and results are discussed with the those charged with governance
   twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

   The management estimates that the amount of financial instruments carried at amortised cost
   approximates its fair value.

   The management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits,
   other deposits with limited use, certain other financial assets measured at amortised cost, trade and
   bills receivables, other receivables, trade and bills payables and other payables approximate to their
   carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

   The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
   could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or
   liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

   The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at FVTOCI have been estimated using a
   market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by observable market
   prices or rates. The valuation requires management to determine comparable public companies (peers)
   based on industry and place of business, and to calculate an appropriate price multiple, such as price
   to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, and EV/Sales multiple for each comparable company identified. The
   multiple is calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings
   measure. The trading multiple is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size
   differences between the comparable companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances.
   The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity
   investments to measure the fair value. Management believes that the estimated fair values resulting
   from the valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position,
   and the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are
   reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period. The fair
   values of the remaining unlisted equity investments designated at FVTOCI are determined with
   reference to their respective latest available transaction prices.

   The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent equity investments designated at FVTOCI
   and wealth management products included in financial assets measured at FVTPL issued by banks in
   Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a
   discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar
   terms and risks.

   The fair value of Receivable at FVTOCI have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash
   flow using rate currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
   maturities.
290   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      42. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            The fair values of interest-bearing borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future
            cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
            maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing borrowings was assessed to be
            insignificant. The carrying amount of the financial instrument reasonably approximate to fair value.

            Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs (level 3 inputs of fair value measurement) to the
            valuation of financial instruments together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December
            2024 and 2023.

            The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
            instruments:

            Assets measured at fair value
            31 December 2024


                                                           Level 1         Level 2        Level 3          Total
                                                           RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M


               Equity investments designated
                 at FVTOCI                                      26              —            5,961          5,987
               Receivables at FVTOCI                            —              360              —             360
               Financial assets measured at FVTPL              382             746             108          1,236
               Derivative financial instruments                 —              143              —             143


                                                               408           1,249           6,069          7,726


            31 December 2023 (Restated)


                                                           Level 1         Level 2         Level 3           Total
                                                           RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M


               Equity investments designated
                 at FVTOCI                                      20              —            6,384          6,404
               Receivables at FVTOCI                            —              200              —             200
               Financial assets measured at FVTPL              370             491              96            957
               Derivative financial instruments                 —               68              —              68


                                                               390             759           6,480          7,629
                                                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024                          291

                                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024




42. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   Liabilities measured at fair value
   31 December 2024


                                                                             Level 1                    Level 2                 Level 3                       Total
                                                                             RMB’M                      RMB’M                   RMB’M                        RMB’M


    Derivative financial instruments                                                  —                       71                           —                           71


   31 December 2023


                                                                              Level 1                   Level 2                  Level 3                        Total
                                                                              RMB’M                     RMB’M                    RMB’M                        RMB’M


    Derivative financial instruments                                                  —                    169                             —                        169


                                                                                                          Significant
                            Fair value as   Fair value as   Fair value   Valuation                        unobservable
   Financial assets         at 31/12/2024   at 31/12/2023   hierarchy    technique    Range               input(s)         Sensitivity of fair value


   Equity Investment        RMB1,674        RMB1,986        Level 3      Market       2024: 43.59–44.47   Average P/E      1% increase (decrease) in average P/E multiple of
     designated at FVTOCI     million         million                      approach   2023: 37.38–38.14     multiple of      the comparable companies would result in
     — SINOPEC Fuel Oil                                                                                     peers            increase (decrease) in fair value by
     Sales Corporation                                                                                                       2024: RMB16.8 million (RMB16.8 million)
     Limited                                                                                                                 2023: RMB19.9 million (RMB19.9 million)

                                                                                      2024: 25%–27%       Discount for     1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability
                                                                                      2023: 25%–27%          lack of         would result in decrease (increase) in fair value
                                                                                                             marketability   by 2024: RMB22.5 million (RMB22.5 million)
                                                                                                                             2023: RMB26.9 million (RMB26.9 million)

   Equity Investment       RMB2,786         RMB2,817        Level 3      Market       2024: 3.51–3.59     EV/Sales         1% increase (decrease) in EV/Sales multiple of the
     designated at FVTOCI — million           million                      approach   2023: 2.93–2.99       of multiple      comparable companies would result in increase
     COSMO                                                                                                  peers            (decrease) in fair value by
                                                                                                                             2024: RMB22.1 million (RMB22.1 million)
                                                                                                                             2023: RMB21.3 million (RMB21.3 million)

                                                                                      2024: 32%–34%       Discount for     1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability
                                                                                      2023: 27%–29%          lack of         would result in decrease (increase) in fair value
                                                                                                             marketability   by 2024: RMB32.9 million (RMB32.9 million)
                                                                                                                             2023: RMB29.4 million (RMB29.4 million)
292   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      42. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
                                                                                Fair value as at
              Financial assets/                          Fair value as at       31/12/2023                   Value
              Financial liabilities                      31/12/2024             (restated)                   hierarchy     Valuation technique


              Receivables at FVTOCI                      Assets —               Assets — RMB200 million      Level 2       Discounted cash flow
                                                           RMB360 million

              Financial assets measured at FVTPL         Assets —               Assets — RMB491 million      Level 2       Discounted cash flow
                 — Wealth management products              RMB746 million

              Derivative financial Instruments           Assets —               Assets — RMB68 million       Level 2       Discounted cash flow
                 — Foreign currency forward                RMB139 million
                 contracts
                                                         Liabilities —          Liabilities —
                                                            RMB71 million          RMB167 million

              Derivative financial Instruments — Cross   Assets —               N/A                          Level 2       Discounted cash flow
                 currency interest rate swap               RMB4 million
                 contracts

              Derivative financial Instruments           N/A                    Liabilities — RMB2 million   Level 2       Discounted cash flow
                 — Forwards commodity contract




            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                  Equity
                                                                            investments              Financial             Derivative
                                                                             designated              assets at               financial
                                                                                FVTOCI                  FVTPL            instruments               Total
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M                   RMB’M              RMB’M


               At 1 January 2023                                                      4,808                    109                   (17)          4,900
               Total gains or losses:
               — in profit or loss                                                       —                      (12)                   —              (12)
               — in other comprehensive income                                          547                      —                     —             547
               Transfers into level 3 (Note)                                          1,028                      —                     —           1,028
               Additions                                                                  24                     —                     —               24
               Disposal                                                                  (23)                     (1)                 17                (7)


               At 31 December 2023 and
                 1 January 2024                                                       6,384                      96                    —           6,480
               Total gains or losses:
               — in profit or loss                                                       —                       13                    —              13
               — in other comprehensive income                                         (294)                     —                     —            (294)
               Additions                                                                 11                      —                     —              11
               Disposal                                                                (140)                      (1)                  —            (141)


               At 31 December 2024                                                    5,961                    108                     —           6,069
                                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024     293

                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




42. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   Note: During the year ended 31 December 2023, COSMO is classified as equity investment designated at FVTOCI and is measured
         at fair value at each reporting date. The fair value of the investment as at 31 December 2023 was measured using a
         valuation technique with significant unobservable inputs and hence was classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.


   Except for equity investment designated at FVTOCI as described above, there were no transfers
   between Level 1 and 2 during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade and bills receivables and
   trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.

   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and
   liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and
   they are summarised below.

   Foreign currency risk
   The Group has transactional currency exposures. These exposures mainly arise from sales or
   purchases and borrowings by the Group’s other than the units’ functional currencies.

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary
   liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                Monetary Assets                    Monetary Liabilities
                                                                31 Dec     31 Dec                   31 Dec      31 Dec
                                                                  2024       2023                     2024          2023
                                                                RMB’M      RMB’M                   RMB’M        RMB’M


     USD                                                          26,422           20,156            29,756            26,168
     Japanese yen                                                    394              472               301               486
     HKD                                                             500              321             2,343             2,356
     EUR                                                           6,088            5,152            11,307            12,312
     Other                                                         8,261            7,251             7,231             6,885


   The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
   possible change in USD and EUR exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s
   post-tax profit (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities). There is no
   significant impact on other components of the Group’s equity.
294   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Foreign currency risk (continued)

                                                                       2024                            2023
                                                             Increase/      Increase/         Increase/      Increase/
                                                          (decrease) in (decrease) in     (decrease) in (decrease) in
                                                             exchange profit before          exchange     profit before
                                                                 rates            tax             rates             tax
                                                                     %        RMB’M                  %          RMB’M


               If RMB strengthens against USD                         5            159               5             286
               If RMB weakens against USD                            (5)          (159)             (5)           (286)
               If RMB strengthens against the EUR                     5            249               5             341
               If RMB weakens against the EUR                        (5)          (249)             (5)           (341)


            Credit risk
            The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and bills receivables,
            receivables at FVTOCI, other deposits with limited use, and financial assets included in deposits and
            other receivables and other financial assets represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in
            relation to financial assets. Substantially all of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and pledged
            deposits are held in major financial institutions, which management believes are of high credit quality
            and all classified as low credit risk from the management’s assessment as at 31 December 2024 and
            2023, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without
            undue cost or effort. The Group has policies to control the size of the deposits to be placed with
            various reputable financial institutions according to their market reputation, operating scale and
            financial background with a view to limiting the amount of credit exposure to any single financial
            institution.

            The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and Haier Affiliates. It is the
            Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification
            procedures. In addition, trade receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s
            exposure to bad debts is not significant. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/
            counterparty. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer
            bases of the Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors.

            The credit risk of the Group’s trade and bills receivables arises from default of the counterparty, with a
            maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts and the Group applies the simplified approach in
            calculating ECLs of its trade and bills receivables.

            For bills receivables and receivables at FVTOCI, the Group considers the credit risk is limited because
            counterparties are with good credit standing and are highly likely to be paid, and the ECL are
            considered as insignificant.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   295

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
   Credit risk (continued)
   For deposits and other receivables, the ECL are estimated by applying a general approach with
   reference to the historical loss record of the Group and is adjusted to reflect the current conditions
   and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. The average loss rate applied as at the
   31 December 2024 was 3.34% (2023: 5.36% (restated)). The credit quality of the financial assets
   included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables is considered to be normal because they are
   not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase
   in credit risk.

   Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade and bills
   receivables disclosed in Note 25 to consolidated financial statements.

   Interest rate risk
   The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to time deposit, pledged bank deposits,
   fixed-rate bank borrowings and lease liabilities. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate
   risk in relation to variable-rate bank borrowings. The Group cash flow interest rate risk is mainly
   concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances and borrowings. The Group aims at
   keeping borrowings at variable rates. The Group manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the
   potential impact arising from any interest rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The
   management will review the proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are
   within reasonable range.

   Sensitivity analysis
   The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the
   end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at
   the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. The management assessed that if
   the interest rate increases/decreases by 1% (2023: 1%) (reasonably possible change), then the post-
   tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 would decrease/increase by RMB253 million (2023:
   RMB218 million (restated)). Bank balances are excluded from sensitivity analysis as the management
   considers that the exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising from bank balances is insignificant.

   The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period
   are as follows:


                                                        2024     % of total            2023        % of total
                                                      RMB’M          loans          RMB’M               loans
                                                                                  (Restated)       (Restated)

    Variable rate borrowings                           30,976          92%            26,765              91%
    Fixed rate borrowings                               2,817           8%             2,651               9%

                                                       33,793         100%            29,416            100%
296   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Liquidity risk
            In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
            equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
            effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank
            borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

            The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2024, the
            Group has available unutilised overdraft and short-term bank loan facilities of RMB141,505 million
            (2023: RMB105,079 million) in total. Details of which are set out in Note 32. Due to the Group’s
            supplier finance arrangements, the relevant trade payables are due to a single counterparty rather than
            individual suppliers. This results in the Group being required to settle a significant amount with a single
            counterparty, rather than less significant amounts with a number of suppliers. However, the Group’s
            payment terms for trade payables covered by the arrangements are either identical to the payment
            terms for other trade payables. Management does not consider the supplier finance arrangements to
            result in excessive concentrations of liquidity risk given the payment terms are not significantly
            extended.

            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and
            derivative instruments. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
            financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Specifically,
            bank loans with a repayment on demand clause are included in the earliest time band regardless of the
            probability of the banks choosing to exercise their rights. The maturity dates for other non-derivative
            financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

            31 December 2024


                                                      On demand                             Total
                                                        or within           Over    undiscounted            Carrying
                                                        one year        one year      cash flows             amount
                                                          RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M              RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                    75,737               —            75,737           75,737
               Other payables and accruals                 28,270               —            28,270           28,270
               Interest-bearing borrowings                 24,961          10,279            35,240           33,793
               Derivative financial instruments                71              —                 71               71
               Other non-current liabilities                   —              285               285              285
               Lease liabilities                            1,536           5,607             7,143            5,832


                                                          130,575          16,171          146,746           143,988
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   297

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
   Liquidity risk (continued)
   31 December 2023 (Restated)


                                           On demand                                Total
                                             or within             Over     undiscounted              Carrying
                                             one year          one year       cash flows              amount
                                               RMB’M            RMB’M             RMB’M                RMB’M


    Trade and bills payables                    72,179                —             72,179              72,179
    Other payables and accruals                 23,484            2,109             25,593              25,461
    Interest-bearing borrowings                 12,172           19,262             31,434              29,416
    Derivative financial instruments               169               —                 169                 169
    Other non-current liabilities                   —               114                114                 114
    Lease liabilities                            1,445            3,773              5,218               4,769


                                               109,449           25,258           134,707             132,108


   Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety
   At 31 December 2024, the Group endorsed certain bills receivables accepted by banks in Mainland
   China (the “Derecognised Bills”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables due to
   such suppliers with a carrying amount in aggregate of RMB243 million (2023: RMB232 million). The
   Derecognised Bills had a maturity of within one year at the end of the reporting period. In accordance
   with the applicable laws in the PRC, the holders of the Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse
   against the Group if the PRC banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”). In the opinion of the
   directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the Derecognised
   Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Bills and the
   associated trade payables. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in
   the Derecognised Bills and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is
   equal to their carrying amounts.

   As at 31 December 2024, the Group transferred accounts receivable of RMB6,095 million (2023:
   RMB6,412 million) to obtain funds related to non-recourse factoring or asset securitization. The Group
   determines that it has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of such accounts
   receivable, and therefore derecognises such accounts receivable.
298   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
            The Group sponsors a funded defined benefit plan for qualifying employees of its subsidiaries in the
            United States and Europe. The defined benefit plan is administered by a separate fund that is legally
            separated from the entity. The board of the pension fund is composed of an equal number of
            representatives from both employers and (former) employees. The board of the pension fund is
            required by law and by its articles of association to act in the interest of the fund and of all relevant
            stakeholders in the scheme, i.e. active employees, inactive employees, retirees, employers. The board
            of the pension fund is responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets of the fund.

            The defined benefit plan requires contributions from employees. Contributions are in the following two
            forms; one is based on the number of years of service and the other one is based on a fixed
            percentage of salary of the employees. Employees can also make discretionary contributions to the
            plan.

            The plans expose the Group to actuarial risks such as investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk
            and salary risk.

            Investment risk              The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a
                                         discount rate determined by reference to high quality corporate bond yields; if
                                         the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit.
                                         Currently the plan has a relatively balanced investment in equity securities,
                                         debt instruments and real estates. Due to the long-term nature of the plan
                                         liabilities, the board of the pension fund considers it appropriate that a
                                         reasonable portion of the plan assets should be invested in equity securities
                                         and in real estate to leverage the return generated by the fund.

            Interest rate risk           A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however,
                                         this will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the plan’s debt
                                         investments.

            Longevity risk               The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference
                                         to the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants both during and after
                                         their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants
                                         will increase the plan’s liability.

            Salary risk                  The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference
                                         to the future salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of
                                         the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   299

                                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
                                                                2024                                            2023
                                                                 Non-                                            Non-
                                               Current         current          Total           Current        current        Total
                                               RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M


     Defined pension benefit
       (Note (a))                                     37          1,766           1,803              33             364          397
     Termination benefits                             —             542             542              —              575          575
     Provision for work-related
       injury compensation                             —             154             154              —             146          146
     Other                                             —             100             100              —              —            —


     Total                                            37          2,562           2,599              33            1,085       1,118

   Note:


   (a)     Defined pension benefit


           The Group’s major defined benefit plans are in United States and Europe. The plans are either contributory final salary
           pension plans or contributory career average pay plans or non-contributory guaranteed return defined contribution plans.


           Summary of the net liabilities of the defined pension obligations are as follows:


                                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                                       RMB’M                  RMB’M


             Haier U.S. Appliances Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan                                     138                   166
             CCR pension plans                                                                            1,373                    —


             Total net liabilities of the defined pension obligations in United States
               and Europe                                                                                 1,511                   166
             Others                                                                                         292                   231


                                                                                                          1,803                   397


           The summary net liabilities of the defined pension obligations at United States and Europe are as follows:


                                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                                       RMB’M                  RMB’M


             Presents value of defined benefit obligation                                                 1,562                   166
             Fair value of plan assets                                                                      (51)                   —


                                                                                                          1,511                   166
300   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            The major amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the movements
            in the net defined pension benefit over the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

            (1)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post-retirement plan

                                                                                            2024       2023


                      Discount rates                                                       5.51%      5.19%


                   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended
                   31 December 2024 and 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                            2024      2023
                                                                                          RMB’M      RMB’M


                      As at 1 January                                                        166        195
                      Interest cost                                                            7           9
                      Actuarial gain                                                         (18)        (22)
                      Exchange realignment                                                     2           3
                      Benefits paid                                                          (19)        (19)


                      As at 31 December                                                      138        166


                   The net liability of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                            2024      2023
                                                                                          RMB’M      RMB’M


                      As at 1 January                                                        166        195
                      Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit
                        or loss                                                                7           9
                      Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other
                        comprehensive income                                                 (18)        (22)
                      Other reconciling items                                                (17)        (16)


                      As at 31 December                                                      138        166
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   301

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (1)   Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan (continued)
         The most recent actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligation were
         carried out at 31 December 2024 by Jason Wilhite, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an
         Enrolled Actuary, Justin Dietz, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and a Member of the
         American Academy of Actuaries and John D. Morrison, Jr., a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries
         and an Enrolled Actuary, of Willis Towers Watson. The present value of the defined benefit
         obligation, and the related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using the
         Projected Unit Credit Cost Method.

         Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
         rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
         of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
         assumptions constant.

         •    If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
              5.1% or increase by 5.8% (2023: decrease by 5.3% or increase by 6%).

         Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
         obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting
         period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability
         recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.
302   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (2)    CCR pension plans

                                                                                                      2024


                      Discount rates                                                                 3.30%


                   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended
                   31 December 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                                      2024
                                                                                                    RMB’M


                      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                     1,438
                      Current service cost                                                                2
                      Interest cost                                                                      12
                      Actuarial gains                                                                    44
                      Benefits paid                                                                     (10)
                      Exchange realignment                                                              (62)


                      As at 31 December                                                               1,424


                   Movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the year ended 31 December 2024 were
                   as follows:

                                                                                                      2024
                                                                                                    RMB’M


                      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                        53
                      Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest income
                        and interest expense)                                                            (1)
                      Contributions from the employer                                                     1
                      Exchange realignment                                                               (2)


                      As at 31 December                                                                  51
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   303

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (2)   CCR pension plans (continued)
         The net liability of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                                         RMB’M


             Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                    1,385
             Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit or loss                                   14
             Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other comprehensive
               income                                                                                          44
             Other reconciling items                                                                          (70)


             As at 31 December                                                                              1,373


         The most recent actuarial valuations of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit
         obligation were carried out at 31 December 2024 by Tobias Tausch. The present value of the
         defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past service cost, were
         measured using projected unit credit cost method.

         Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
         rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
         of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
         assumptions constant.

         •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                14.7% or increase by 15.6%.

         Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
         obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting
         period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability
         recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.
304   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      45. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
            (1)    CCR
                   On 1 October 2024, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in CCR at a consideration of
                   USD679 million, subject to adjustments pursuant to the agreement, from Carrier Global
                   Corporation through its wholly owned subsidiary, Haier Europe Appliances Holding B.V. CCR is
                   principally engaged in providing end-to-end commercial refrigeration solutions and its main
                   products include refrigeration cabinets and mechanical systems used in food retail sector (such
                   as supermarkets), and CO2 refrigeration mechanical system and associated services used in cold
                   storage facilities. Through the acquisition, the Group will extend its application scenarios from
                   household refrigeration to food retail refrigeration and cold storage. The acquisition has been
                   accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

                   Consideration transferred


                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                          RMB’M


                      Cash                                                                                  4,517


                   Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately RMB82 million have been excluded from the
                   consideration transferred and have been recognised as an expense, within the administrative
                   expenses line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                   income.
                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   305

                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024




45. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
   (1)   CCR (continued)
         Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition


                                                                                                 RMB’M


          Property, plant and equipment                                                               850
          Right-of-use assets                                                                         412
          Other intangible assets                                                                   1,636
          Deferred tax assets                                                                         428
          Other non-current assets                                                                     30
          Inventories                                                                                 682
          Trade and bills receivables                                                               1,611
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   888
          Contract assets                                                                             944
          Trade and bills payables                                                                 (1,758)
          Other payables and accruals                                                              (1,830)
          Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                  (7)
          Lease liabilities                                                                          (318)
          Tax payables                                                                                (97)
          Deferred tax liabilities                                                                   (571)
          Other non-current liabilities                                                              (201)


                                                                                                    2,699
306   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      45. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
            (1)    CCR (continued)
                   Goodwill arising on acquisition:


                                                                                                          RMB’M


                      Consideration transferred                                                             4,517
                      Plus: Fair value of previously held interest in associate                               395
                      Less: Total identifiable net assets acquired                                         (2,699)


                      Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                       2,213


                   Goodwill arose on the acquisition of CCR because the acquisition included the assembled
                   workforce of CCR and the potential future benefit arising from the synergy effect and the
                   establishment of the commercial refrigeration platform. These benefits are not recognised
                   separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
                   intangible assets.

                   None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                   Net cash outflow on acquisition of CCR


                                                                                                          RMB’M


                      Consideration paid in cash                                                            4,517
                      Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                       (888)


                                                                                                            3,629


                   The acquired businesses contributed an aggregated total revenue of RMB2,061 million and
                   aggregated net loss of RMB107 million to the Group for the period from the acquisition date to
                   31 December 2024.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   307

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




45. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
   (2)   Commercial refrigeration business in India (“CCR India”)
         On 1 October 2024, in addition to acquisition of CCR, the Group acquired CCR India from India
         Carrier Airconditioning & Refrigeration Limited at cash consideration.

         The aggregated cash considerations were Indian Rupee (“INR”) 2,758 million (equivalent to
         RMB231 million) and the aggregated fair value of the net assets acquired were RMB21 million at
         the acquisition date, resulting an aggregated increase in goodwill of RMB210 million. The
         goodwill will not be deductible for tax purposes.

         The acquired businesses contributed an aggregated total revenue of RMB52 million and
         aggregated net profit of RMB3 million to the Group for the period from the acquisition date to 31
         December 2024.

         The aggregated net cash outflow from these acquisitions was RMB231 million.

   (3)   Kwikot
         On 2 December 2024, the Group acquired 100% equity interest of Kwikot at cash consideration.
         The Group actually obtained the control right of the Kwikot.

         The aggregated adjusted cash considerations were ZAR 1,850 million (equivalent to RMB736
         million) and the aggregated fair value of the net assets acquired were RMB351 million at the
         acquisition date, resulting an aggregated increase in goodwill of RMB385 million. The goodwill is
         attributable to the market prospect arising from expansion into new market sector. It will not be
         deductible for tax purposes.

         The acquired businesses contributed an aggregated total revenue of RMB49 million and
         aggregated net profit of RMB4 million to the Group for the period from the acquisition date to 31
         December 2024.

         The aggregated net cash outflow from these acquisitions was RMB667 million.

46. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.
308   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      47. COMMITMENTS
            The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                   RMB’M            RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


               Contracted, but not provided for:
               Property, plant and equipment                                         5,916            3,927


      48. PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS
            Pledge of assets
            The Group’s interest-bearing borrowings and bills payables had been secured by the pledge of the
            Group’s assets and the carrying amounts of the respective assets are as follows:

                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                   RMB’M            RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


               Trade and bills receivables                                           5,115            4,515
               Pledged bank deposits                                                   533              475
               Other intangible assets                                                  97               55
                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   309

                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




49. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the year ended are
   as follows:

                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Property, plant and equipment                                                132                    155
    Right-of-use assets                                                            2                      2
    Other intangible assets                                                       34                     39
    Interests in associates                                                    3,178                  3,012
    Investments in subsidiaries                                               59,016                 52,817
    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                    1,603                  1,619
    Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                7,244                  2,884
    Long-term prepayment                                                          —                       3
    Other non-current assets                                                   1,740                  1,503


    Total non-current assets                                                  72,949                 62,034


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Inventories                                                                    9                      5
    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                6,944                  6,800
    Amounts due from subsidiaries                                             30,462                 18,479
    Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                1,276                  1,530
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                  8,721                  7,580


    Total current assets                                                      47,412                 34,394


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Other payables and accruals                                                  327                    270
    Amounts due to subsidiaries                                               64,242                 45,908
    Contract liabilities                                                          —                      23
    Interest-bearing borrowings                                                3,499                    137


    Total current liabilities                                                 68,068                 46,338


    NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                  (20,656)               (11,944)


    TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                     52,293                 50,090
310   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      49. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
                                                                                                                       2024                     2023
                                                                                                                     RMB’M                     RMB’M


               NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                            3,292                     3,780
               Deferred income                                                                                           14                        12
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                 394                       420


               Total non-current liabilities                                                                          3,700                     4,212


               Net assets                                                                                            48,593                    45,878


               EQUITY
               Share capital (Note 36)                                                                                9,383                     9,438
               Reserves (Note)                                                                                       39,210                    36,440


               Total equity                                                                                          48,593                    45,878

            Note: A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                                           Other
                                                                                     Capital                       comprehensive   Treasury
                                                                  Contributed    redemption    Reserve   Retained        income      shares         Total
                                                                      surplus        reserve     funds     profits       reserve    reserve       reserve
                                                                      RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M         RMB’M


                      As at 1 January 2023                             26,159          1,141     3,409      5,329           602      (2,308)       34,332
                      Transfer to reserve funds                            —              —        828       (828)           —           —              —
                      Total comprehensive income for the year              —              —         —       8,281            29          —           8,310
                      Purchase of treasury shares                          —              —         —          —             —       (1,050)        (1,050)
                      Cancellation of treasury shares                    (173)            —         —          —             —          182              9
                      Dividend payable                                     —              —         —      (5,298)           —           —          (5,298)
                      Other changes                                       137             —         —          —             —           —             137


                      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024        26,123          1,141     4,237      7,484           631      (3,176)       36,440
                      Transfer to reserve funds                            —              —        454       (454)           —           —             —
                      Total comprehensive income for the year              —              —         —      10,171           (12)         —         10,159
                      Cancellation of treasury shares                  (1,973)            —         —          —             —        1,709          (264)
                      Dividend payable                                     —              —         —      (7,514)           —           —         (7,514)
                      Other changes                                       389             —         —          —             —           —            389


                      As at 31 December 2024                           24,539          1,141     4,691      9,687           619      (1,467)       39,210



                   The Company’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the fair value of the shares of the
                   subsidiaries acquired, over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024   311

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




50. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
   Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.

51. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   According to the resolution of the 13th meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Directors of the
   Company held on 27 March 2025, the profit for the year is proposed to be distributed on the basis of
   the total number of shares on the record date after deducting the repurchased shares from the
   repurchased account. The Company declared cash dividend of RMB9.65 (including taxes) for every 10
   shares to all shareholders.

   The Company has no other significant event after the reporting period that needs to be disclosed.
312   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2024



      FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group is set out
      below.

                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                        2024           2023       2022       2021              2020
                                                      RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                  (Restated) (Restated) (Restated)        (Restated)

        RESULTS

        REVENUE                                        285,971      274,198      243,550      227,081       209,701
        Cost of sales                                 (208,128)    (200,557)    (168,960)    (157,528)     (148,867)

        Gross profit                                    77,843       73,641       74,590       69,553        60,834
        Other gains or losses                            3,889         3,691       2,913        2,059          3,994
        Selling and distribution expenses              (33,586)     (32,727)     (38,601)     (36,584)      (33,641)
        Administrative expenses                        (24,524)     (23,804)     (21,696)     (20,265)      (17,924)
        Finance costs                                   (2,705)       (2,165)       (997)        (714)        (1,321)
        Share of profits and losses of
          associates                                     1,816        1,575        1,582        1,888         1,620

        PROFIT BEFORE TAX                              22,733       20,211       17,791       15,937         13,562
        Income tax expenses                            (3,157)       (3,123)      (3,058)      (2,705)        (2,233)

        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                            19,576       17,088       14,733       13,232         11,329

        Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                          18,741       16,597       14,712       13,079          8,883
        Non-controlling interests                         835          491           21          153          2,446

                                                       19,576       17,088       14,733       13,232         11,329


                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                        2024           2023         2022       2021            2020
                                                      RMB’M         RMB’M        RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M
                                                                  (Restated)   (Restated) (Restated)      (Restated)

        ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-
         CONTROLLING INTERESTS

        TOTAL ASSETS                                   290,114      261,068      236,018      217,741       203,498
        TOTAL LIABILITIES                             (171,725)    (153,538)    (141,268)    (136,466)     (135,365)
        NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                       (7,023)       (6,264)      (1,291)      (1,290)       (1,295)

                                                      111,366      101,266       93,459       79,985         66,838
                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             海爾智家股份有限公司
                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

                                                                                             A Shares Stock Code: 600690 D Shares Stock Code: 690D H Shares Stock Code: 6690




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT

                                                                                             2024




                                                                Annual Report 2024

This annual report is printed on environmental friendly paper
