                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             海爾智家股份有限公司
                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

                                                                                             A Shares Stock Code: 600690 D Shares Stock Code: 690D H Shares Stock Code: 6690




                                                                                                                                                                                         2025

                                                                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT




This annual report is printed on environmental friendly paper
                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   1




CONTENTS
  2   Corporate Profile

  3   Corporate Information

  5   Letter to Shareholders

 15   Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

 26   Business Review

 67   Financial Review

 82   Corporate Governance Report

113   Report of the Directors

157   Independent Auditors’ Report
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
163   Other Comprehensive Income

165   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

167   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

169   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

172   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

316   Five-Year Financial Summary
2   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025



    CORPORATE PROFILE



    Haier Smart Home is the world’s largest home appliance company and a global leader in smart
    home solutions. Its portfolio spans refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, kitchen
    appliances and water heaters, complemented by HVAC, smart building and water solutions, all
    integrated through its smart home platform.

    Operating localised R&D, manufacturing and commercial capabilities in more than 30 countries, the
    Company’s portfolio of brands — Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher & Paykel
    and AQUA — serves consumers across the full price spectrum in over 160 countries and regions.
    This ‘global enablement, local execution’ model underpins the Company’s competitive position in
    every market it serves.

    The Company is committed to evolving from a global appliance leader into a user-centric,
    platform-based smart home ecosystem company, with premium positioning, global reach, digital
    capabilities and AI-driven product innovation as its core strategic pillars.

    According to the data from Euromonitor, we ranked first in the major home appliance industry in
    the world in terms of retail volume of major home appliances for 17 consecutive years. Our Haier
    brand refrigeration appliances and laundry appliances also ranked first among major home
    appliance brands in the world in terms of retail volume for 18 and 17 consecutive years
    respectively.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   3

                                      CORPORATE INFORMATION




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      PRINCIPAL BOARD COMMITTEES
Executive Directors                                     Audit Committee
Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   Mr. WONG Hak Kun (Committee Chairman)
Mr. Kevin Nolan (appointed on 28 May 2025)              Mr. YU Hon To, David
                                                        Mr. WU Qi
Non-executive Directors                                 Mr. LI Shaohua (appointed on 28 May 2025)
                                                        Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)
Mr. GONG Wei (Vice Chairman)
                                                        Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (retired on 28 May 2025)
Mr. YU Hon To, David
                                                        Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (retired on 28 May 2025)
Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
Mr. LI Shaohua (appointed on 28 May 2025)
                                                        Remuneration and Assessment Committee
Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)
 (retired on 28 May 2025)                               Mr. WU Qi (Committee Chairman)
Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (retired on 28 May 2025)              (appointed on 28 May 2025)
                                                        Mr. LI Shipeng
Independent Non-executive Directors                     Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)
                                                        Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (retired on 28 May 2025)
Mr. WONG Hak Kun
                                                        Mr. LI Huagang (retired on 28 May 2025)
Mr. LI Shipeng
Mr. WU Qi
                                                        Nomination Committee
Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)
                                                        Mr. LI Shipeng (Committee Chairman)
Employee Representative Director                        Mr. WU Qi
                                                        Mr. WONG Hak Kun (appointed on 28 May 2025)
Ms. SUN Danfeng (appointed on 28 May 2025)
                                                        Ms. SUN Danfeng (appointed on 28 May 2025)
BOARD SECRETARY                                         Mr. LI Huagang (retired on 28 May 2025)

Ms. LIU Xiaomei
4   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

    Corporate Information




    Strategy Committee                                     REGISTERED OFFICE AND
    Mr. LI Huagang (Committee Chairman)                    HEADQUARTERS
    Mr. Kevin Nolan (appointed on 28 May 2025)             Haier Industrial Park
    Mr. GONG Wei                                           Laoshan District, Qingdao
    Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (appointed on 28 May 2025)           Shandong Province, the PRC
    Mr. LI Shipeng
    Mr. WU Qi                                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)                HONG KONG
                                                           Unit 1908, 19/F Harbour Centre
    Environmental, Social and Governance
                                                           25 Harbour Road, Wanchai
    Committee
                                                           Hong Kong
    Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (Committee Chairman)
    Mr. GONG Wei                                           TELEPHONE NUMBER
    Mr. LI Shaohua (appointed on 28 May 2025)
                                                           +86 (532) 8893 1670
    Mr. WU Qi (appointed on 28 May 2025)
                                                           +852 2169 0000
    Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (retired on 28 May 2025)

                                                           FAX NUMBER
    COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                           +86 (532) 8893 1689
    Mr. NG Chi Yin
                                                           +852 2169 0880

    LEGAL ADVISORS
                                                           H-SHARE REGISTRAR
    As to PRC Law
                                                           Tricor Investor Services Limited
    Zhong Lun Law Firm                                     17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                           16 Harcourt Road
    As to Hong Kong Law                                    Hong Kong
    Clifford Chance
                                                           STOCK CODE
    PRINCIPAL BANKER                                       The Shanghai Stock Exchange : 600690
    China Construction Bank Corporation                    The Frankfurt Stock Exchange : 690D
                                                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited : 6690
    AUDITORS
                                                           WEBSITE
    Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP
    HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited                        http://smart-home.haier.com


    FINANCIAL CALENDAR
    Six-month interim period end         :   30 June
    Financial year end                   :   31 December
                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   5

                                 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS



LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
                                Consumer First. Embracing Change.
                                  Forging a Sustainable Future.
                                     — Letter to Shareholders

Dear Shareholders,

As I reflect on 2025, it stands out as one of the most challenging business environments in our
company’s history — and one in which Haier Smart Home proved its resilience. Shifting trade
policies and rising protectionism disrupted supply chains and made overseas markets harder to navigate,
while regional conflicts added further uncertainty. On the demand side, high interest rates and cost
pressures weighed on U.S. consumption, European recovery remained sluggish, and in China, a soft
property market and fading appliance subsidies put downward pressure on demand and pricing.
6   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

    Letter to Shareholders




    We delivered solid results with meaningful progress in 2025, driven by the contributions of 130,000
    employees across our global operations. In North America, a challenging trade environment pressured
    operating performance. Across our other markets, however, we gained share, strengthened our competitive
    position — even after absorbing significant disruption costs.

    Record Revenue and Earnings in 2025
    In 2025, Haier Smart Home’s global revenue surpassed RMB300 billion for the first time, reaching
    RMB302.33 billion, an increase of 5.71% year-on-year. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent
    company reached RMB19.55 billion, up 4.39% year-on-year.

    Net cash generated from operating activities in 2025 amounted to RMB26.00 billion, equivalent to 1.33 times
    net profit.

    In China, our leadership in core categories held firm: we held offline market shares of 47.7% (GfK) in
    refrigerators, 47.4% (GfK) in washing machines, and 32.5% in water heaters. Air conditioning performed
    strongly, with online market share rising 0.6 percentage points and offline share rising 1.8 percentage
    points, and domestic revenue growing at a double-digit rate.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   7

                                                                                     Letter to Shareholders




We continued to transform our distribution and supply chain model — connecting dealers directly to retail
outlets, delivering service directly to consumers, and rolling out a centralized distribution model that now
accounts for 57% of total shipments. These initiatives shortened the path from factory to consumer, with
domestic inventory turnover improving year-on-year.

Turning to our international business — which I see as the long-term growth engine of this company — our
goal is to bring Haier into every home, everywhere. We invest in global platforms for R&D and market
operations to strengthen local competitiveness and deliver exceptional products and reliable service at every
touchpoint.

In the United States, we maintained the #1 industry position for the fourth consecutive year. Against a
declining market, our premium brand delivered 7% revenue growth. The Air & Water Solutions sector
delivered double-digit revenue growth, emerging as a meaningful contributor.

In Europe, we streamlined regional management layers to bring headquarters and local teams into direct
alignment, operating side by side with shared objectives and enabling faster market response. In 2025, white
goods revenue grew at a double-digit rate, average selling prices improved by more than 10%, and
profitability rose substantially.
8   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

    Letter to Shareholders




    In South Asia, unfavorable weather conditions held back air conditioning demand. Nonetheless, we grew
    revenue by 15% — among the fastest-growing brands in the market — by strengthening our brand
    presence, introducing premium products such as large-drum washing machines, and accelerating
    penetration into chain retail channels. In Pakistan, revenue grew over 30%, with our market share in
    refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners exceeding 40%.

    In Southeast Asia, we launched bestselling products from our China portfolio — including the L+ washing
    machine, the Mailang refrigerator, and the AI Voice air conditioner — and expanded our retail footprint
    through integrated online-offline channels. We achieved the #1 white goods sales position across key
    markets such as Vietnam and Thailand.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   9

                                                                                     Letter to Shareholders




We enter new categories and markets through disciplined acquisitions — but closing a deal is only the
beginning. Our cross-border M&A experience and global operating platform enable acquired businesses to
ramp quickly. Carrier Commercial Refrigeration (CCR), in its first full operating year, had to transition off
shared services (TSA), build standalone capabilities, and overhaul operations simultaneously. Through our
RenDanHeYi approach, CCR achieved double-digit revenue growth, with 16% growth in Asia-Pacific, well
ahead of the industry. Kwikot, our South African water heater business, also completed its first full year,
delivering 10% profit growth versus pre-acquisition levels and a pre-tax margin of 12%, while expanding into
solar water heaters, water purifiers, and air conditioners. These results reinforce my conviction that
disciplined M&A will remain a key lever for growth.
10   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Letter to Shareholders




     Co-Creating with Consumers, Redefining Value
     Looking ahead, the global trade landscape has fundamentally changed. Evolving trade policies are making it
     harder to optimize supply chains for efficiency, and geopolitical uncertainty is prompting companies to
     prioritize supply chain resilience. These dynamics will weigh on returns on capital and drive consolidation,
     ultimately leading to a new market balance. I believe we are still in the middle-to-late stages of that
     adjustment. The number of global appliance players is shrinking, with some retreating to their home markets.
     At the same time, the industry is being reshaped by new technologies, and consumers favor innovation and
     technology-driven products. Over the long term, Haier Smart Home’s global product innovation and
     operating platform provides durable competitive advantage, helping us earn the trust of more consumers
     worldwide.

     The value our platform creates ultimately comes from one source: the consumer. We must turn them into
     co-creators, so that hit products that deliver exceptional value become the rule rather than the exception —
     earning lasting consumer preference — the best antidote to price wars and commoditization. Put simply:
     move up the value chain by exceeding consumer expectations, and build hit products while driving efficiency
     at every step.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   11

                                                                                    Letter to Shareholders




A case in point is our Leader brand’s Effortless Wash three-drum washing machine, which became an
industry standout in 2025. As the world’s first three-drum washer, it sold over 10,000 units within 48
minutes of launch and surpassed RMB100 million in retail sales within 16 hours, going on to sell over
300,000 units for the full year — the #1 single model in the industry. Within six months, it expanded from a
single SKU into a full product family spanning a full range of laundry care needs. Behind this success was
deep consumer participation: from design and structure to features — even the “Effortless Wash” name itself
came from consumers. They were not observers but co-creators, and after launch, they became our most
effective advocates.

Our Mailang refrigerator series followed the same playbook. As a warm-toned refrigerator, cumulative sales
exceeded one million units, with the model holding the #1 position in the RMB8,000-and-above premium
segment. The color palette, product name, and features were all shaped through co-creation with
consumers. When consumers said they wanted a refrigerator that “just feels right,” we responded with warm
tones. When they wanted a more inviting atmosphere for the beverage zone, we developed an illuminated
shelf, with three ambient modes — Stage, Surprise, and Twilight.

In 2026, we will build a scalable, repeatable system for developing hit products — one that works across
product lines and markets. It all starts with one thing: staying focused on what matters most —
understanding what consumers need, developing products with single-minded focus, and refining every
detail. In resource allocation, we concentrate our efforts on the highest-impact opportunities and remain
disciplined about what we choose not to do. Organizationally, every function will align around a shared
objective: from consumer insight to product definition, from R&D breakthroughs to market launch, every step
serves one goal: the next hit product. Through a sustained cadence of hit products, we aim to shape how
consumers perceive our brand.
12   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Letter to Shareholders




     Reshaping Our Organization, Embracing the AI Opportunity
     Despite the headwinds, Haier’s years of proven global operating experience and our shared
     platforms in R&D, supply chain, logistics, and service give me confidence that we can capture
     substantial growth ahead. I see three clear drivers: steady, high-quality growth in smart home
     appliances; rapid expansion and margin improvement in HVAC; and AI-driven opportunities to
     deepen consumer engagement and transform how we organize and operate.

     Smart Home Appliances: Room to Grow Globally. Our smart home appliance business spans
     refrigerators, washing machines, kitchen appliances, and other white goods. Globally, we hold strong
     positions in the Americas, Australasia, and Europe, but our international market share still has room to grow
     compared with China, and profitability varies significantly across regions. The 2025 restructuring of our
     European operations has already delivered a significant improvement in operating efficiency. Australasia also
     presents substantial margin expansion potential. In South Asia, market conditions are exceptionally favorable:
     India has the potential to become our third-largest market after China and the U.S. Southeast Asia carries
     strong momentum. Product offerings there historically lagged our China portfolio by several generations, but
     the success of our Effortless three-drum washer shows that products from our China-led global R&D
     platform resonate strongly in emerging markets. Turning to the U.S., as supply chain adjustments progress,
     we expect the operating environment to improve gradually.

     HVAC: From One-Quarter Toward One-Half of Company Revenue. In 2025, we consolidated our
     residential air conditioning, smart building, and water solutions businesses into a unified HVAC division. This
     was a strategic integration, not a simple reorganization. Externally, customers now deal with a single team
     and can access comprehensive solutions spanning air and water management for the entire home, rather
     than standalone products — deepening customer relationships and increasing revenue per customer.
     Internally, R&D, supply chain, and channel resources now serve unified objectives, and the overlapping
     investments that naturally arose from three separate businesses are being steadily consolidated.

     Our HVAC business currently accounts for roughly one-quarter of Company revenue, a share we expect to
     grow to one-third or even close to half over time. This is a global opportunity: we see significant growth
     potential in Europe, South and Southeast Asia, and the Americas. In commercial applications, integrated
     cooling and heating solutions enable us to deliver greater value per customer. We will invest significantly in
     channels, technology, and the capabilities to deliver integrated solutions.

     Artificial Intelligence: From Tools to Proactive Helpers. Haier Smart Home is committed to being an
     early mover in applied AI — not just to improve processes, but to rethink how our organization works from
     the ground up. On the consumer-facing side, traditional smart home connectivity models may be disrupted
     as AI-powered intelligent agents, combined with Haier’s vast installed consumer base, create the potential
     for AI to serve as a home assistant. Imagine appliances that are no longer passive instruments but proactive
     partners — anticipating needs and creating an entirely new consumer experience.

     In March 2025, we launched the Casarte Connoisseur suite featuring our proprietary “AI Vision” technology,
     spanning range hoods, ovens, refrigerators, and washing machines. The AI Vision is a multimodal cooking
     agent we developed in-house: it recognizes ingredients, maps the oven’s interior, and plans the optimal
     cooking curve — effectively turning the oven into a culinary expert that can observe, think, and master
     precision cooking. I look forward to more AI-powered hardware innovations that elevate the smart home
     experience.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   13

                                                                                     Letter to Shareholders




Over the past year, AI has also made our internal operations more efficient. Our R&D team built a
digital engineering platform powered by AI — effectively giving every engineer a 24/7 specialist. For our
1.5HP wall-mounted air conditioner development, the testing and adjustment cycle was cut from 15 days to
7 days — a 54% improvement. Looking ahead, AI agent support can transform large organizations into lean,
mission-driven teams — improving not only efficiency but also decision quality across customer service,
marketing, and field operations.

Building for the Long Term
Sustainable growth requires more than strong financial results — it requires earning the trust of our
communities, our planet, and our people. Haier has been named to Fortune’s World’s Most Admired
Companies list for seven consecutive years — the only company in the home appliance sector from the
Eurasia region to receive this recognition. Our MSCI ESG rating has been maintained at AA for two years
running, the highest among domestic peers.

Carbon Neutrality and Green Supply Chain. In 2025, we formally established a Climate Change
Committee chaired by the Company’s most senior leadership and published the Haier Smart Home Carbon
Neutrality White Paper , detailing our roadmap to carbon neutrality, including key initiatives and technology
pathways. Haier Smart Home has committed to achieving operational carbon neutrality no later than 2050.
Emission reduction targets for two subsidiaries — Qingdao Haier Special Freezer Co., Ltd. and Candy SpA
— have been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We have built an industry-leading
“6-Green” supply chain framework, embedding sustainability across the full product lifecycle — from design
and procurement through manufacturing, logistics, recycling, and service. This framework is helping reduce
product carbon footprints and drive green transformation across our supply chain.

Where People Build, Grow, and Lead. In 2025, Haier Smart Home was named a Forbes Global Best
Employer for the ninth year running. In the U.S., GE Appliances earned its fourth consecutive Best Place to
Work recognition. In Europe, we received the UK Best Employer award for the third year in a row.

Our RenDanHeYi management philosophy exists for one purpose: to activate people. First, we activate the
entrepreneurial spirit in our people — giving every young professional the courage to take on ambitious
projects and every innovator a stage to test bold ideas. Second, we challenge our managers to reinvent
themselves — because yesterday’s experience can become today’s burden, and past success can become
tomorrow’s trap. Only by starting from zero can we keep pace with change. Third, we push decision-making
authority to the front lines — across every market and every function — because the people closest to the
consumer know best what consumers need.
14   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Letter to Shareholders




     Shareholder Returns: Growing Together, Sharing Value
     Alongside new highs in revenue and earnings in 2025, we continued to increase returns to shareholders. We
     raised the cash dividend payout ratio to 55%, an increase of 7 percentage points over 2024. Every increase
     in our payout reflects the value we place on long-term shareholder trust.

     Looking ahead, we are committed to creating sustainable long-term value for shareholders. We have
     announced a three-year shareholder return plan for 2026–2028: a cash dividend payout ratio of no less than
     58% for 2026, and no less than 60% for 2027 and 2028. This plan reflects our confidence in the road
     ahead and our deep respect for the commitment our shareholders have made.

     I want to thank our 130,000 colleagues for what they achieved this year. And to every shareholder: thank
     you for your trust and your partnership. Though more than four decades have passed since Haier was
     founded in 1984, the entrepreneurial drive that defined our earliest days is very much alive. From our roots
     in Qingdao, together, we will keep building — taking Haier further into every corner of the world.

     Challenges lie ahead, but our conviction has never been stronger.

     Sincerely,
     Li Huagang
     Chairman of the Board of Directors

     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.

     Forward-Looking Statements

     This letter contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Company’s current expectations and
     assumptions regarding future events, including statements about anticipated revenue growth, margin
     expansion, market share trends, dividend payout ratios, strategic initiatives, and the expected impact of
     tariffs and supply chain developments. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could
     cause actual results to differ materially, including changes in global economic conditions, trade policies,
     foreign exchange rates, competitive dynamics, regulatory developments, and consumer demand. The
     Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new
     information, future events, or otherwise. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
     statements.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   15

                         DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
                                SENIOR MANAGEMENT


The directors, supervisors and senior management of the Group during the year, and the directors as at the
reporting date are as follows:

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. LI Huagang (“Mr. LI”), aged 56, has been an Executive Director of the Company since June 2019 and
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since April 2019. He has been appointed as the Chairman of the
Board since 28 June 2022. Mr. Li graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in
Wuhan, the PRC in July 1991 with a Bachelor’s degree of Economics, and from China Europe International
Business School in Shanghai, the PRC in January 2014 with a degree of Executive Master of Business
Administration (EMBA).

Mr. LI joined Haier in 1991 and served as the sales head of the Marketing and Promotion Division of Haier
(海 爾 商 流 本 部 銷 售 事 業 部 長) and the general manager of China operations of the Company. From August
2017 to March 2019, he served as the chief executive officer of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd.
(hereinafter referred to as “Haier Electronics”, a listed company of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”), stock code: 1169 which was privatized and delisted on 23
December 2020). Since March 2019, he has been appointed as an executive director of Haier Electronics.
Mr. LI has extensive experience in the fields of corporate management, marketing, brand operation, and
global business operation. Mr. LI currently serves as a director of various subsidiaries of the Group.

Mr. LI vigorously promoted the change of the Company’s marketing channels and Casarte’s high-end brand
strategy, which led to the increase in revenue of Haier Smart Home’s online and offline business; Mr. LI also
actively led and implemented Haier Smart Home’s digital transformation strategy, promoting the Company’s
cost optimization and operational efficiency improvement. In order to meet users’ needs for a better life
upgrade from home appliances to smart home solutions, Mr. LI led and released the San Yi Niao scenario
branding strategy to strengthen the construction of the Company’s IoT scenario and enhance the
Company’s smart home scenario solution capability. In terms of global business operations, Mr. LI is actively
involved in the management and operation of the Company’s overseas business, with significant operational
results.

Mr. LI has been honored with the 2018 Outstanding Contribution Award for the Forty Years of China’s
Household Appliance Industry Development (2018年中國家用電器行業發展四十年傑出貢獻獎), and the 2019
China Top Ten Brand Person of the Year (2019中 國 十 大 品 牌 年 度 人 物), the 2021 Taishan Industry Leading
Talent (2021年 度 泰 山 產 業 領 軍 人 才), and the 2023 Shandong Provincial Model Worker (2023年 山 東 省 勞 動
模 範) and was named in Forbes’ “2024 China’s Best CEOs” list.

Mr. Kevin Nolan (“Mr. Nolan”), aged 60, graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in
Mechanical Engineering from the University of Connecticut in 1989, where he was also a member of the
Honors Scholar Program. He currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Appliances, a
Haier company. He has been an Executive Director of the Company since 28 May 2025.

After Mr. Nolan joined GE, he held multiple engineering and manufacturing roles across GE ED&C. He later
advanced through leadership positions within GE’s appliance, lighting, and industrial divisions. From 2001 to
2006, he led sourcing and new product introduction efforts, launching over 150 products annually while
establishing global sourcing capabilities, notably in China, to enhance profitability and drive operational
efficiency. He was instrumental in developing new NPI processes and building a quality-focused culture
across GE Consumer and Industrial Products.
16   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     As Vice President of Technology from 2006 to 2016, Mr. Nolan led GE Appliances’ global engineering
     organization, guiding the business through a billion-dollar transformation of its U.S. manufacturing and
     product leadership. He founded FirstBuild, a groundbreaking open innovation platform, and drove the
     internal capability shift from outsourced to in-house manufacturing. Following Haier’s acquisition of GE
     Appliances in 2016 and since becoming CEO of GE Appliances in 2017, Mr. Nolan has restructured the
     business to emphasize customer value and employee empowerment, introducing a microenterprise model to
     encourage entrepreneurship while leveraging scale. Under his leadership, the company doubled in size within
     five years, becoming the fastest-growing and largest appliance company in the U.S. He has championed a
     culture of innovation, diversity, and inclusion, entering new markets and reinvigorating GE Appliances as a
     nimble, consumer-driven organization.

     Mr. Nolan has received numerous honors throughout his career, including the 2014 GE Chairman’s Award,
     six consecutive Haier CEO Special Awards (2018–2023), and the 2019 Business First Most Admired CEO.
     He is a Six Sigma Master Black Belt and a founding member of the Lean Institute for Product and Process
     Development. In recognition of his leadership, innovation, and commitment to public education, Mr. Nolan
     was awarded an honorary Doctor of Science degree from the University of Louisville in 2022.

     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. GONG Wei (“Mr. GONG”), aged 51, currently serves as the Company’s Director (was appointed as an
     Executive Director of the Company since 28 June 2022, and has been redesignated as Non-executive
     Director of the Company since 28 May 2025), vice chairman and vice president. He is also the CFO of Haier
     Group Corporation. Mr. GONG obtained a degree of Executive Master of Business Administration from the
     University of International Business and Economics in 2011. He is a member of CIMA Chartered
     Management Accountant and an ICPA Certified Public Accountant. Mr. GONG was the finance manager of
     the Company, the senior finance manager and senior financial analyst of Haier Group, the chief financial
     officer of Haier Washing Machine Division, the chief financial officer of Haier Air Conditioning Division, the
     chief financial officer of Haier White Goods, and the chief financial officer of the Company and has extensive
     experience in financial management. Mr. GONG has been awarded the titles of Qingdao Young Job Expert,
     Qingdao Top Talent, Shandong Outstanding Accountant, and National Outstanding Accountant. He was
     selected as one of the Top Ten CFOs of the Year by New Finance Magazine, China International Finance
     Leader of the Year, and other awards.

     Mr. YU Hon To, David (“Mr. YU”), aged 78, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the
     Company since 5 March 2021. Mr. YU holds a Bachelor of Social Science degree from The Chinese
     University of Hong Kong. Mr. YU is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales
     and an Associate Member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is a chartered
     accountant with over 40 years’ experience in the fields of auditing, corporate finance (including advisory on
     IPO, mergers & acquisitions and financial restructuring), financial investigation and corporate governance. Mr.
     YU was formerly a partner of a renowned international accountants firm in Hong Kong with extensive
     experience in the corporate finance advisory assignments in Greater China for Hong Kong corporations,
     private equity groups and multinationals.

     Mr. YU is currently an independent non-executive director of several other companies listed on the Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange, namely One Media Group Limited (stock code: 426), Playmates Toys Limited (stock
     code: 869), China Resources Gas Group Limited (stock code: 1193), Keck Seng Investments (Hong Kong)
     Limited (stock code: 184) and MS Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1451).
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   17

                                                       Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (“Mr. CHIEN”), aged 72, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
Company since June 2019. He has been redesignated as Non-executive Director of the Company since 28
May 2025. Mr. CHIEN was formerly the ASEAN executive president of International Business Machines
Corporation (“IBM”), and the chairman and chief executive officer of IBM Greater China. Mr. CHIEN
graduated from the Department of Mathematics at Tamkang University in Taiwan. He has studied in the
Advanced Management Program of Harvard University’s Graduate School of Business and IBM’s Global
Executive Program. He was a director of ENN Group and is currently a professor of management practice
and academic director of the EE Center at the School of Business of Renmin University of China.

Mr. LI Shaohua (“Mr. LI”), aged 62, has been appointed as Non-executive Director of the Company since
28 May 2025. Mr. LI graduated from Ohio State University and Georgia State University in the United States
and obtained a MA and a MBA degree, respectively. He holds various international professional certifications
such as CPA (Certified Public Accountant), CIA (Certified Internal Auditor), CISA (Certified Information
Systems Auditor), CRMA (Certification in Risk Management Assurance) and CRISC (Certified in Risk and
Information Systems Control). Mr. LI has over 30 years of working experience in internal and external
auditing, risk management, compliance governance, financial and operational management. He has worked
for Deloitte (one of the Big Four accounting firms), and held important positions in various institutions,
including AKZO Nobel (a Fortune Global 500 company), and Trina Solar (a listed company). Moreover, he
has served as a director and vice president of internal audit and internal control of Haier Electronics Group
Co., Ltd. and is currently the general manager of Haier Group’s Audit and Risk Control Committee, Chief
Audit and Risk Control Officer, and the chairman of the Haier Group’s ESG execution committee.

Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (“Ms. SHAO”), aged 55, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company
and Vice Chairman of the Board since 28 June 2022, and has retired as director since 28 May 2025. Ms.
SHAO graduated from the University of International Business and Economics with a degree of Executive
Master of Business Administration. She is currently the vice president and chief financial officer of Haier
Group. Ms. SHAO adheres to the goal of innovation and value-enhancement, empowering the high-quality
development of the industry, and comprehensively builds the group’s financial ecosystem through financial
strategy formulation, financial system construction and operation, asset management, capital operation and
other financial full value chain management. In 2000, Ms. SHAO served as the chief accountant of Haier Air
Conditioning Division and the general manager of the strategy center of Haier Group’s financial management
department. In 2007, Ms. SHAO established the first financial sharing center in the home appliance industry,
pioneering the “cloud + end” financial management innovation model with Chinese characteristics to provide
enterprises with comprehensive financial best solutions, becoming one of the industry benchmarks and
winning the first prize of the National Enterprise Management Modernization Innovation Achievement. In
2019, Ms. SHAO was appointed as the vice president of Haier Group and the operator of the Big Sharing
Empowerment Platform. In 2020, Ms. SHAO was appointed as vice president and chief financial officer of
Haier Group. Ms. SHAO has been honored as “National Advanced Accounting Worker (全 國 先 進 會 計 工 作
者)”, “Qingdao Top Talent (青 島 市 拔 尖 人 才)”, “ACCA Outstanding Achievement Award (ACCA卓 越 成 就 獎)”
and “IMA Outstanding Contribution Leader in Management Accounting (IMA管理會計卓越貢獻領袖)” over the
years.
18   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (also commonly known as “Mrs. Eva CHENG LI Kam Fun”) (“Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun”),
     aged 73, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company since 5 March 2021, and has
     retired as director since 28 May 2025. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun graduated from the University of Hong Kong
     with Bachelor of Arts (Hons) and Master of Business Administration degrees. She was conferred with the
     degree of Doctor of Business Administration, honoris causa, from the Hong Kong Metropolitan University in
     2014.

     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun also served as an independent non-executive director of Haier Electronics, a subsidiary
     of the Company, since 2013 and till its privatization on December 2020. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun had a
     distinguished career that spanned 34 years with Amway Corporation. When she retired in 2011, she held the
     concurrent positions of Executive Vice President of Amway Corporation and Executive Chairman of Amway
     China Co. Ltd. responsible for Amway Greater China & Southeast Asia Region. Thereafter, she also had
     been the president of Our Hong Kong Foundation from 2015 to 2022.

     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun had also been an independent non-executive director of Nestle S.A., a publicly listed
     company on the SIX Swiss Exchange from 2012 to 2023, an independent non-executive director of Amcor
     Limited (a company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange) from 2014 to 2019, and an independent
     non-executive director of Trinity Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange) (Stock Code: 891) from 2011 to 2020.

     Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun’s leadership was well recognised in the business community. She was twice named the
     “World’s 100 Most Powerful Women” by Forbes Magazine in 2008 and 2009. CNBC awarded Ms. Eva LI
     Kam Fun with the “China Talent Management Award” in its 2007 China Business Leaders Awards.

     In the areas of public and social service, Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun is currently a member of Electoral Affairs
     Commission of Hong Kong SAR, a member of Chief Executive’s Policy Unit Expert Group (Social
     Development) of Hong Kong SAR, honorary president, honorary representative and consultant of the All-
     China Women’s Federation, permanent honorary director of The Chinese General Chamber of Commerce,
     court member of the Hong Kong Metropolitan University, and a member of the Xiqu Centre advisory panel of
     West Kowloon Cultural District Authority.
                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   19

                                                           Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. WONG Hak Kun (“Mr. WONG”), aged 69, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
Company since June 2020. He currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Yue Yuen
Industrial Holdings (Limited) (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00551))
since June 2018, an independent non-executive director of Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited (a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00255)) since June 2018, an independent
non-executive director of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange (stock code: 02238) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601238)) since May
2020, and an independent non-executive director of Hangzhou SF Intra-City Industrial Co., Ltd (a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock code: 9699)) since December 2021. During the past three
years, he was also an independent non-executive director of Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company
Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01743)). Mr. WONG has over 36
years of experience in auditing, assurance and management. Mr. WONG worked in Deloitte China from July
1980 to May 2017, during which he was a partner since 1992. Mr. WONG also served as a member of
Deloitte China’s Governance Board from June 2000 to May 2008. Prior to his retirement from Deloitte China
in May 2017, he was Deloitte China’s National Managing Partner of Audit & Assurance.

Mr. WONG received a Bachelor’s degree of social science from the University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong
in November 1980. He is an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA)
since December 1983, an associate of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) since
September 1983, an associate of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in United
Kingdom since April 1984, and an associate of the Chartered Institute Management Accountants (CIMA)
since June 1990.

Mr. LI Shipeng (“Mr. LI”), aged 59, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since
5 March 2021. Mr. LI holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree from University of Science and Technology of
China, and a PhD degree from Lehigh University, USA. Mr. LI has extensive experience in areas such as
Internet of Things technology, and artificial intelligence. Mr. LI is currently a chair scientist at the International
Digital Economy Academy and an executive director of the Low Altitude Economic Branch. He is also the
Director of the Applied Intelligence of Suzhou Industrial Technology Research Institute. Prior to that, he
served as the Chief Researcher and Deputy Dean of Microsoft Research Asia, Chief Technology Officer of
Cogobuy Group, Vice President of iFlytek Group, and the Executive President of Shenzhen Institute of
Artificial Intelligence and Robotics.

Mr. LI is a member of the International Eurasian Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the International
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE fellow). He was listed as one of the world’s top 1,000
computer scientists by Guide2Research and ranked top 20 in Mainland China in 2020. Mr. LI is a renowned
expert in areas such as internet, computer vision, cloud computing, Internet of Things and artificial
intelligence.
20   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. WU Qi (“Mr. WU Qi”), aged 58, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since
     25 June 2021. Mr. WU Qi graduated from Zhejiang University with a Bachelor’s degree majoring in national
     economic management in 1990, thereafter he graduated from Renmin University of China with an on-the-job
     Master’s degree majoring in Money and Banking in 1995 and China Europe International Business School
     with an EMBA in 2002, respectively. He has 25 years of work and management experience in world-class
     management and consulting companies. He served as the vice president (Global) and vice chairman (Greater
     China) of Accenture, and the chairman of Shun Zhe Technology Development Co., Ltd. He was a member
     and the president (Greater China) of Roland Berger’s Global Management Committee, a member of Roland
     Berger’s Global Supervisory Board. He was a senior consultant for Foxconn’s D sub-business group
     strategy and intelligent manufacturing and a consultant of XNode, a famous accelerator for startups, and
     non-executive director of Grinm Advanced Materials Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
     Exchange, stock code: 600206.SH) (resigned in April 2018). He was awarded 2015 Outstanding Talent in
     Jing’an District, Shanghai. Mr. WU Qi’s past experience in consulting industry involves transportation/
     logistics, high-tech manufacturing, tourism, finance, consumer goods, real estate, government departments
     and other industries. His has extensive experience in fields such as development strategy, organizational
     change, sales and brand strategy, corporate innovation, digital transformation and intelligent manufacturing,
     post-merger integration, regional industrial and economic development and upgrading. He is a well-known
     expert in Industry 4.0, transportation and regional planning and development in the PRC. He served as a
     consultant for Hangzhou Bay Development Planning, a member of the Intelligent Manufacturing Expert
     Committee of the Shenzhen Municipal Government, deputy head of the 13th Five-Year Planning Expert
     Committee of Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, vice chairman of China Cold Chain Alliance and other social
     positions.

     Mr. WANG Hua (“Mr. WANG”), aged 48, has been appointed as Independent Non-executive Director of the
     Company since 28 May 2025. Mr. WANG received a Bachelor’s degree in automation from Shanghai
     University of Electric Power, Shanghai, China in July 1999 and a Master’s degree in business administration
     from Stanford University, California, the United States in June 2006. Mr. WANG is the co-founder of
     Sinovation Ventures, an established technology investment company in China, and currently serves as the
     co-CEO and Managing Partner of the investment department of Sinovation Ventures. Mr. WANG has
     extensive experience in capital investment and information technology industry, mainly focusing on AI and
     cutting-edge technologies and expanding to the upstream and downstream industrial chains. He led
     investments in technology projects such as 4Paradigm, AInnovation, WeRide, Horizon Robotics, Zhihu,
     Waterdrop Inc, Momenta, Luchen, and Silicon Mobility. From September 2006 to October 2009, Mr. WANG
     worked at Google China’s Business Development Headquarters, where he built Google China’s premium ad
     network. He was also responsible for managing investments during his three years at Google China. Prior to
     joining Google China, he founded Shanghai Yinda Technology Group Co., Ltd., a company that provides
     technology solutions to telecommunications operators and equipment providers. In addition, Mr. WANG has
     been appointed as a non-executive director of AInnovation Technology Group Co., Ltd. since 6 February
     2018. He has been appointed as an independent non-executive director of Maoyan Entertainment since 22
     August 2018.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   21

                                                       Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




EMPLOYEE REPRESENTATIVE DIRECTOR
Ms. SUN Danfeng (“Ms. SUN”), aged 47, has been appointed as director since 28 May 2025. Ms. SUN is
currently the general manager of digital transformation of the Company. Ms. SUN graduated from China
Agricultural University in 1998 with a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and joined Haier in August of the
same year. Ms. SUN graduated from Renmin University of China in 2015 and obtained an Executive Master
of Business Administration (EMBA) degree. Ms. SUN has been working in the home appliance industry for
many years, specialising in the building and operation of user digitisation, employee digitisation and
customer digitisation systems. She has served as strategic director of the business flow promotion division,
general manager of the mega business exchange platform, and general manager of digital marketing for the
China platform. She has extensive experience in digital system research, system construction, digital
transformation, technology management and decision-making consulting. During her tenure, she has made
remarkable achievements in big data analysis, transformation of scientific and technological achievements,
and digital transformation and upgrading of industries. She has won the 2021 ICT industry Mulan Award,
and the title of Shandong Province Big Data Industry Leader in 2022. She is a management expert of
scientific and technological expert pool in Shandong Province.

SUPERVISORS
Mr. LIU Dalin (“Mr. LIU”), aged 45, has been the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company
since 25 June 2021. He graduated from the School of Mechanical Engineering of Jinan University and holds
master’s degree in business administration from Renmin University of China. He is a senior engineer. Since
August 2005, he served as a designer of water heater department at Haier Group, an assistant R&D
engineer, a R&D engineer and a R&D manager of the electric heating department of Haier Group
successively, among other things. From July 2020 to March 2021, he served as the president of the Board
of Supervisors of Gooday Supply Chain Technologies Co., Ltd., among other things. Mr. LIU retired as a
Supervisor of the Company on 28 May 2025.

Mr. YU Miao (“Mr. YU”), aged 42, has been an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since
January 2019. He joined our Company in April 2012 and has since then served as the legal manager of our
Company, mainly in charge of management of legal affairs.

Mr. YU obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Law from Jinan University in Jinan, the PRC in July 2005, and a
Master’s degree of Law in economics law from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in Dalian, the
PRC in December 2008. Mr. YU passed the PRC bar exam and obtained the PRC lawyer qualification (non-
practising) certificate in February 2008. Mr. YU retired as a Supervisor of the Company on 28 May 2025.

Mr. LIU Yongfe (“Mr. LIU”), aged 39, has been a Supervisor of the Company since 20 June 2024. Mr. LIU
graduated from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics with a Master’s degree in Management in
2011. Mr. LIU joined the Company in July 2011 and has held positions mainly in strategic management. He
has successively served as strategy consultant, strategy planning specialist and strategy planning manager of
the Company, responsible for market research and analysis, participating in formulation of the Company’s
strategic development plans and strategic project management. Mr. LIU has extensive experience in
strategic research and strategic project management. He had participated in and contributed to the
implementation of key strategic projects of the Company such as the listing of its H Shares. Mr. LIU retired
as a Supervisor of the Company on 28 May 2025.
22   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Kevin Nolan. See “EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS”.

     Ms. SUN Danfeng. See “EMPLOYEE REPRESENTATIVE DIRECTOR”.

     Mr. LI Pan (“Mr. LI”), aged 49, Vice-president, graduated from Wuhan University in 1997 and obtained the
     double degree in economics and international business administration. He joined Haier Group in 1997 and
     currently serves as the general manager of the overseas platform of the Company. Mr. LI has held various
     positions in Haier Group, including serving as the assistant director of the Asia-Pacific Division, the manager
     of the Haier ASEAN Center, the manager of the Overseas Brands Marketing Center, the manager of the
     Overseas Strategic Center and the director on the operation of overseas markets. He has held important
     positions of the overseas platform of Haier Group since 2004 with extensive frontline management
     experience in product planning, brand marketing, market exploration and corporate operation. Mr. LI Pan
     retired as senior management since 30 December 2025.

     Mr. ZHAO Yanfeng (“Mr. ZHAO”), aged 48, Vice-president, graduated from Tianjin Institute of Light Industry
     with a bachelor’s degree in mechanical and electrical engineering in 2001 and received a degree of EMBA
     from Renmin University of China in 2019. Mr. ZHAO joined Haier Smart Home in 2001 and is currently the
     general manager of Haier’s washing business. Since joining Haier Smart Home, Mr. ZHAO has held various
     positions such as its regional branch general manager, general manager of domestic market of refrigeration
     industry, and general manager of the refrigeration business in China. He possess whole-process
     management experience in product planning, research and development, manufacturing and marketing.

     Mr. LI Yang (“Mr. LI”), aged 49, Vice-president, graduated from Qingdao University of Science & Technology
     in 1998 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in fine chemical engineering. He obtained a degree of Executive
     Master of Business Administration (EMBA) from Xi’an Jiaotong University in 2022. Mr. LI is a senior engineer.
     He joined Haier Group in 1998 and currently serves as the general manager of the integrated supply chain
     of the Company. Mr. Li Yang has held positions of the Company such as the head of the quality
     department, the manufacturing director, and the general manager of the internet of clothing platform. He has
     served as the general manager of the integrated supply chain of the Company since 2023, and has been
     engaged in management concerning end-to-end process and digital transformation of the integrated supply
     chain of the Company. The ecological platform of the internet of clothing incubated under his leadership was
     awarded the first prize for “Innovation Results in Modern Management of National Light Industry Enterprises”
     (全 國 輕 工 業 企 業 管 理 現 代 化 創 新 成 果) in 2019. The Company was selected as one of the “2023 Intelligent
     Supply Chain Cases” (2023數 智 化 供 應 鏈 案 例) by the Alliance of Industrial Internet, and he received the
     “Most Promising Entrepreneur in Qingdao in 2018” and the “Advanced Individual in Management Innovation
     of National Light Industry Enterprises” and other honors.

     Mr. SONG Yujun (“Mr. SONG”), aged 50, Vice-president, graduated from Shandong University of
     Technology with a bachelor’s degree in equipment engineering and management in 1998 and received a
     degree of EMBA from Tsinghua University in 2015. He joined Haier in 1998 and has served as general
     manager of Haier’s overseas promotion department, director and general manager of Haier Pakistan,
     executive director of Haier India, director of Haier’s South Asia and Southeast Asia oversea region, vice
     president of Haier Home Appliance Industry Group, etc. He has held various important positions in Haier
     Overseas since 1998 and has rich experience in product, manufacturing, R&D, marketing and sales. He has
     been awarded various honors such as Qingdao Model Worker (青 島 市 勞 動 模 範), Qingdao Top Professional
     and Technical Talent (青 島 市 專 業 技 術 拔 尖 人 才), Qingdao High-level Service Talent (青 島 高 層 次 服 務 人 才)
     and other honorary titles. He is currently the general manager of Haier air-conditioning business.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   23

                                                       Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. GUAN Jiangyong (“Mr. GUAN”), aged 47, Vice-president, graduated from the Northeast Electric Power
University in 2001 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in management information system. Mr. GUAN joined
Haier Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the water heater business and the
internet of water platform of Haier. Mr. GUAN has been engaged in product management in industry and
trade markets, production and manufacturing, product marketing and industrial pipeline management and
served as a regional general manager, the market director on the water heater business and the general
manager of the internet of water platform and the water heater business. He possesses whole-process
management experience in product manufacturing, marketing, corporate planning management and industrial
platforms.

Mr. WU Yong (“Mr. WU”), aged 47, Vice-president, graduated from Tianjin College of Commerce in 2001
and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in heat supply, ventilation and air-conditioning engineering. He obtained
the double degree of EMBA from the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University and the
INSEAD in 2015. Mr. WU joined Haier Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the
kitchen appliances of the Company. Mr. WU has served as the general manager of the PRC Region on
manufacturing and production of refrigerators, overseas marketing and the air-conditioning business since
joining the Group and possesses whole-process management experience in manufacturing, marketing and
industrial platforms.

Mr. HUANG Xiao Wu (“Mr. HUANG”), aged 48, Vice-president, graduated from the College of Photoelectric
Engineering, Chongqing University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in 1998, and graduated from the
Faculty of Business and Economics of The University of Hong Kong with a master’s degree in business
administration in 2004. Mr. HUANG has extensive work experience in commercial banking, strategic
investment, industrial funds, corporate finance and capital market operation, where he participated in and led
major strategic investment and financing projects involving numerous fields such as marketing channels,
logistics, home appliances and technology industries. Mr. Huang has been appointed as Vice-president of
the Company since 2021, and is responsible for the Company’s affairs on such as investor relations, capital
market, equity financing, strategic investment. He also serves as the director of the ESG Executive Office of
Haier Smart Home. Prior to above, Mr. HUANG served as the deputy general manager of Haier Electronics.
Prior to joining Haier Group, he worked in the Ningbo branch and Shanghai branch of Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China, Investment Banking Division of Guosen Securities, Anglo Chinese Investment
Banking Group (英 高 投 資 銀 行 集 團) and other institutions.

Mr. FU Songhui (“Mr. FU”), aged 53, is a senior engineer. Mr. Fu graduated from the Department of
Physics at Nanjing University in 1996 with a bachelor’s degree in applied physics. In 2010, he obtained an
Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) degree from the University of International Business and
Economics. In 2018, he received an EMBA degree from Renmin University of China. Mr. Fu joined Haier in
1996 and is currently the General Manager of Haier Smart Building Industry. He has held positions such as
the Trade and Industry Manager of Haier’s Marketing and Promotion Division, the Marketing Director of
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Haier, the Marketing Director of Haier Commercial Air Conditioning, and the
Deputy General Manager of Haier Air Industry. He has extensive experience in full-process management
including product development, marketing, planning, research and development, and manufacturing. He has
received honors such as the third prize of Scientific and Technological Progress Award of China Machinery
Industry, the first prize of Science and Technology Award of China General Chamber of Commerce, the first
prize of Modernization Innovation Achievements in Enterprise Management of Shandong Province, the
Advanced Worker of Shandong Association of Refrigeration, the first prize of Scientific and Technological
Progress Award of Qingdao City, and the Top-notch Talent of Qingdao City.
24   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. SUN Jiacheng (“Mr. SUN Jiacheng”), aged 43. He currently serves as the vice president of finance of
     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Mr. Sun Jiacheng joined Haier Group in 2005. He obtained a degree of
     Executive Master of Business Administration (EMBA) from Renmin University of China. In 2016, he became a
     registered Certified Public Accountant of Australia. Mr. Sun Jiacheng joined the Financial Management
     Department of Haier Group in August 2005, and successively served as the financial manager of Haier
     Washing Machine Product Department, the financial director of the White Goods Supply Chain Platform, the
     financial director of the Housing Facilities Division, the financial director of Smart Home Comprehensive
     Budget and Operation Analysis, the Chief Financial Officer of China Region, the vice president of finance of
     Haier Smart Home and other management positions. Mr. Sun Jiacheng has been honored with the
     accolades including the Outstanding Contributor in Financial Management of Light Industry in Shandong, the
     first prize in the 25th Innovation Achievement Awards for Enterprise Management Modernization of Qingdao,
     the 2020 Financial Leader Award by the China CFO Development Center, as well as the “China’s CFO of the
     Year” by Corporate Finance in 2016 and 2022 respectively.

     Mr. HUANG Decheng (“Mr. HUANG”), aged 51. He graduated from Hubei University of Automotive
     Technology with a bachelor’s degree in thermal processing technology and equipment in 1998. In January
     2025, he obtained a dual master’s degree in senior business administration from Peking University’s
     Guanghua School of Management and Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Business. Mr. Huang
     joined Haier in 1998 and is currently the CEO of Haier in South Asia region. He obtained the black belt
     certification for quality management in 2011 and led the development of the “Refrigerator Monitoring Device”,
     which was granted a utility model patent in 2019. Since joining Haier, he has held diverse positions
     including domestic marketing, domestic manufacturing, overseas plant operations, and overseas sales,
     accumulating extensive experience in full-cycle management of overseas triadic integration.

     Mr. JAMES QUN LIU (“JAMES QUN LIU”), aged 54. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in electrical
     engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles and a Juris Doctor degree from Pepperdine
     University. In his early years, he held positions as a legal advisor and senior legal advisor at Philips
     Electronics and ABB. Subsequently, he served as the general legal counsel for technology companies such
     as Spreadtrum Communications and Meizu. JAMES QUN LIU joined Haier Smart Home in 2019 and has
     been responsible for Haier Smart Home’s global legal compliance matters from the end of 2019. JAMES
     QUN LIU, with his background in science and engineering and extensive work experience in technology
     enterprises, has accumulated extensive interdisciplinary knowledge and expertise in both technology and law.
     He applied such interdisciplinary knowledge and expertise to Haier’s intelligent product transformation and
     corporate digital transformation, making unique contributions to the Company’s development. In the
     meantime, JAMES QUN LIU has leveraged his extensive international experience and solid foundation in
     traditional Chinese culture to actively contribute to Haier’s globalized transformation, serving as a bridge
     between different countries and cultures, and played a unique role in enterprise mergers and acquisitions as
     well as overseas governance. JAMES QUN LIU has extensive experience in intellectual property litigation and
     disputes, and has led several influential intellectual property cases in his career. Meanwhile, in the field of
     M&A, JAMES QUN LIU led and participated in major strategic initiatives such as Haier Smart Home’s merger
     and acquisition of Carrier’ s commercial refrigeration project and the merger and acquisition of Kwikot in
     South Africa, and actively participated in and promoted Haier Smart Home’s D-share and H-share listing
     projects. JAMES QUN LIU was appointed as the deputy director of the Internet Committee of the China
     Intellectual Property Research Society in 2019.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   25

                                                       Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. XIE Juzhi (“Mr. XIE”), aged 59, Vice-president, graduated from Shandong University of Finance and
Economics in July 1989 with a bachelor’s degree, and joined Haier Group Corporation in the same year. Mr.
XIE has experience in whole-process product management, product-wide services and product-wide
marketing. Mr. XIE had held senior positions in Electrothermal Division and of the East China Marketing and
Promotion Division of the Haier Group Corporation, and served as the Corporate General Manager of the
Customer Services of the Haier Group Corporation since August 2002. Since July 2012, he has been the
Vice President of Haier Group Corporation, and he has been in charge of Haier Group Corporation’s
integration of community sales services in first and second-tier cities, and developing the online and offline
sales of new household products. From December 2015, he has been managing the newly developed
business segments of Haier Group Corporation, including water purification, logistics, Haier home and
Gooday services and has started to concurrently manage the water heater business since 2019. Mr. XIE was
appointed as the chief executive officer and an executive director of Haier Electronics since March 2019.
Since April 2021, he is responsible for supervising the smart living appliances segment. He is currently
responsible for supervising the intelligent industrial platform. Mr. XIE was awarded honorary titles including
the Gold Award of Outstanding Contribution Award of China’s Home Appliance Services Industry (中 國 家 電
服 務 行 業 突 出 貢 獻 獎 金 獎) and Outstanding Entrepreneur of Shandong Province (山 東 省 優 秀 企 業 家). He
retired as senior management since 28 May 2025.

Ms. LIU Xiaomei (“Ms. LIU”), aged 40, appointed as the Board Secretary of the Company since June 2022.
She graduated from the Law School of Minzu University of China with a double bachelor’s degree in law
and literature in 2009, and graduated from the Department of International Law of the China Foreign Affairs
University with a master’s degree in international law in 2011, and is qualified to practice law in China. Ms.
LIU joined the Haier Group in June 2015 and has been in charge of legal and compliance matters of
corporate governance, capital market, M&A and corporate finance at Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. and
the Company. Prior to joining Haier, Ms. LIU worked for Jingtian & Gongcheng (law firm) in Beijing. Ms. LIU
has had extensive work experience in corporate governance, capital market, industrial fund, and investment
and financing.
26   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025



     BUSINESS REVIEW



     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     I.    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS
           OPERATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
           Founded in 1984, Haier Smart Home has built its business by anticipating industry shifts, delivering
           market-defining innovations, and continuously reinventing its operating model. Over four decades, the
           Company has grown into the global leader in major home appliances and a pioneer in smart home
           solutions.

           Market Position
           Global leader in major home appliances. According to Euromonitor International, the Company has
           ranked No. 1 globally in major home appliance brand retail volume for 17 consecutive years. The
           Company operates a portfolio of seven global brands — Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances,
           Candy, Fisher & Paykel, and AQUA. From 2008 to 2025, the Haier brand has held the No. 1 position
           worldwide in both refrigerator and washing machine retail volume for 18 and 17 consecutive years,
           respectively.

           Pioneer in smart home solutions. Euromonitor data confirms that, leveraging its full-category appliance
           portfolio, the Company was among the first in the industry to launch integrated smart home solutions.
           Sanyiniao, the Company’s smart home platform, delivers personalized, professional smart living
           solutions through three core capabilities: a customization engine, a fulfillment platform, and the Smart
           Home AI Engine.

           Business Segments
           The Company has developed a comprehensive portfolio of smart home solutions spanning food
           preservation and cooking, fabric care, air management, water solutions, and other complementary
           businesses.

           Food Preservation and Cooking Solutions
           The Company manufactures and sells refrigerators, freezers, and kitchen appliances globally, and
           delivers integrated smart kitchen experiences combining intelligent appliances with ecosystem
           resources. For example, the Casarte Zhijing Series refrigerator features proprietary MSA nitrogen-
           oxygen intelligent freshness technology, retaining over 99% of nutritional value after seven days of cold
           storage — elevating the industry standard to cellular-level preservation. The unit is also engineered for
           a seamless flush fit within international standard cabinetry, with zero side gaps and zero protrusion.

           In kitchen appliances, the Company introduced a 325mm ultra-slim fully built-in range hood and a top-
           intake fully built-in cooktop, achieving fully integrated design with cabinetry. Equipped with “AI Vision”
           technology, the range hood intelligently detects cookware and food status to prevent boil-overs, while
           the oven automatically identifies ingredients and matches optimal cooking profiles. The Company also
           introduced an original drawer-style dishwasher with ergonomic loading and dual-zone precision
           washing.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   27

                                                                                            Business Review




I.   DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS
     OPERATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
     Business Segments (continued)
     Fabric Care Solutions
     Haier washing machines are built on proprietary technology designed to solve everyday laundry
     challenges. The product range — including washing machines, dryers, washer-dryer combos, garment
     care systems, and drying racks — has evolved from standalone appliances to end-to-end fabric care
     solutions. During the reporting period, the Company advanced its three-drum zoned wash-and-care
     product family and launched heat-pump washer-dryer combos across three brands to capture growth
     in this emerging category. Key innovations include the Zhongzi Hemei washer, which integrates
     washing, drying, and garment care in one unit; the Jinghua washer, which generates triple-
     concentration cleaning fluid through high-pressure detergent pre-mixing for faster, more effective
     cleaning; and an industry-first 3D see-through drying technology that precisely measures internal fabric
     moisture levels, stopping the cycle the moment clothes are fully dry.

     Air Solutions
     Residential Air Conditioning
     The Company sells residential air conditioners and fresh air systems worldwide, complemented by full-
     lifecycle design, installation, and service solutions. Smart-enabled products deliver whole-home
     intelligent air management across temperature, humidity, air quality, and sterilization. During the
     reporting period, the Company launched air conditioners with proprietary refrigerant-directed
     distribution and dual-evaporator coupled control technology, expanding comfort coverage by 40%. The
     system integrates proprietary AI models and cloud computing to monitor ambient conditions and
     cross-reference Haier’s microbiology database, automatically triggering targeted self-cleaning
     programs.

     Smart Building Solutions
     Aligned with China’s “dual carbon” strategic goals, the Company’s smart building business provides
     energy-efficient, sustainable building solutions — covering building controls, environmental systems,
     energy management, and system integration — for government, commercial, transit, educational, and
     healthcare clients. The Company holds meaningful market positions in China in magnetic levitation
     central air conditioning, IoT-enabled VRF systems, and air-source heat pumps.

     Water Solutions
     The Company provides a full range of water products globally, including electric, gas, solar, and heat
     pump water heaters, as well as POE/POU water purifiers and water softeners. Smart-connected
     products enable integrated hot-water, purification, and heating scenarios. During the reporting period,
     the Company launched its “Crystal Tank” water heater technology — achieving zero metal contact,
     zero rust, and zero magnesium residue — with PCC mineral-infusion technology that releases
     beneficial minerals. For top-efficiency gas water heaters, a proprietary centrifugal atomization system
     achieves 100% condensate external discharge, balancing energy efficiency with clean aesthetics.
     Through the 2024 acquisition of Kwikot, a well-established South African brand, the Company further
     expanded its water heater footprint across Africa in 2025.
28   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     I.    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS
           OPERATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
           Global Footprint
           The Company manufactures and sells a full range of home appliances and value-added services across
           more than 200 countries and regions, including North America, Europe, South Asia, Southeast Asia,
           Australia and New Zealand, Japan, the Middle East, and Africa.

           In overseas markets, the Company develops and sells products under its proprietary brands, tailored to
           local consumer preferences. With over 30 years of international operating experience, the Company
           has expanded through a series of strategic acquisitions — including GE Appliances (2016), Fisher &
           Paykel (2018), Candy (2019), and most recently CCR and Kwikot (2024). CCR supports the Company’s
           commercial refrigeration strategy in Europe and Asia-Pacific, while Kwikot strengthens the water heater
           business and accelerates white goods market penetration in South Africa.

           Other Businesses
           Building on its core smart home platform, the Company also operates small appliance, robotic
           cleaning, and channel distribution businesses. The small appliance business features products
           designed in-house and manufactured by third-party OEM partners under the Company’s proprietary
           brands, enriching the smart home product ecosystem. The channel distribution business leverages the
           Company’s extensive retail network to distribute TVs, consumer electronics, and other products for
           Haier Group and third-party brands.

           Awards and Recognition
           During the reporting period, the Company was once again named to the Fortune Global 500. GE
           Appliances earned Great Place to Work® certification for the fourth consecutive time and was named
           one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies in Consumer Electronics for 2025, while receiving
           IoT Breakthrough’s “Smart Appliance Company of the Year” award for the ninth consecutive year.
           Casarte’s brand value rose to RMB92.8 billion, ranking first among premium brands for five
           consecutive years.

           The Company was also included on Fortune’s China ESG Influence list, with an MSCI ESG rating of
           AA — among the highest in China’s home appliance sector. In R&D, the Company’s proprietary
           intelligent wash-and-dry technology received the Shandong Provincial Science and Technology
           Progress First Prize, and its green, low-carbon rapid-wash technology won the China Light Industry
           Federation Science and Technology Progress First Prize, among multiple provincial and ministerial-level
           awards.
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   29

                                                                                              Business Review




II.   INDUSTRY OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
      (I)   Industry Overview for 2025
            (1)   Home Appliance Industry
                  Domestic Market
                  In 2025, the extension of the home appliance trade-in policy had a diminishing impact on
                  the market. The policy’s residual effects supported demand through the first half of the year
                  but momentum faded in the second half, resulting in strong early-year performance
                  followed by a downturn. According to AVC, China’s home appliance retail sales across all
                  categories (excluding 3C products) reached RMB893.1 billion in 2025, a decrease of 4.3%
                  year-on-year. Sales in the second half of the year totaled RMB421.4 billion, a 16% decline
                  from the previous year.

                  In 2025, the Chinese home appliance industry underwent a significant reshuffle amid a
                  saturated market, setting in motion a profound transformation in its growth strategies.

                  First, the industry’s growth drivers have been shifting from customer acquisition to brand
                  building. With the rising cost of online advertising, paid acquisition models became less
                  effective. The industry is moving from meeting basic functional needs to creating value
                  through integrated home scenarios, and from scattered product promotions to systematic
                  brand development. Through consistent content delivery and user engagement, companies
                  can establish brand recognition and boost customer loyalty and pricing power.

                  Second, as online and offline channels continued to merge, establishing a highly
                  collaborative omnichannel operating model has become critical for success. E-commerce
                  platforms continued to optimize product efficiency and user experience, reinforcing the
                  fundamental model where customers actively search for products. Meanwhile, instant retail,
                  enabled by location-based services, delivers goods within minutes and has emerged as a
                  new growth engine by bringing products directly to customers. Physical stores also
                  transformed from simple points of sale into experience centers, local fulfillment hubs, and
                  community spaces. As these channels merged, a seamless, integrated retail environment
                  has become the new industry standard. In this landscape, leveraging digital tools for
                  omnichannel inventory sharing and direct-to-consumer delivery is the key to improving
                  channel operation efficiency and responding rapidly to customer needs. This strategy is also
                  vital for creating a sustainable competitive advantage.

                  Third, the “silver economy” has emerged as a new growth market for senior-friendly home
                  appliances. This market has already exceeded RMB100 billion in 2025 according to AVC
                  data. As of the end of 2025, China’s population aged 60 and above amounted to 323
                  million, representing 23% of the total. Alongside this demographic growth, elderly spending
                  is shifting from basic necessities toward lifestyle improvements and enjoyment. This trend
                  fueled sustained demand for home modifications related to living, bathing, cooking, and
                  safety. Consequently, products that are safe, user-friendly, and incorporate smart health
                  features and emotional connections are becoming a key driver of growth for the industry.
30   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     II.   INDUSTRY OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
           (continued)
           (I)    Industry Overview for 2025 (continued)
                  (1)    Home Appliance Industry (continued)
                         Overseas Markets
                         According to Euromonitor, the global home appliance market in 2025 recorded stable
                         overall volume but experienced structural shifts. Global retail sales for core home
                         appliances reached USD 298.3 billion, a year-on-year increase of 3.3%. Meanwhile, global
                         retail sales for small home appliances reached USD 130.7 billion, a 4.6% increase
                         year-on-year. While growth in developed markets remained relatively stable, emerging
                         markets saw strong overall expansion. Regions like Southeast Asia and the Middle East
                         experienced rapid growth fueled by urbanization, rising essential demand, and the
                         expansion of online retail. However, these regions also faced mounting pressure from
                         intensifying competition and rising costs.

                         The U.S.: Market remained under pressure from low consumer confidence and sluggish
                         property sector.

                         Europe: Sales Volume grew 2.1% and revenue declined 1%, Industry Sales Value (YoY)
                         –1.0%；New EU energy efficiency regulations have stimulated product upgrades, while
                         weak economic growth and consumer pressure are suppressing prices.

                         South Asia: Market went down by 0.4% with major competitors experiencing decline in
                         both volume and profit in India. Pakistan market grew 10% and AC grew 15% driven by
                         economic and consumption recovery as well as favourable weather.

                         Australia and New Zealand: Australian market grew by 3.8%, supported by product suite
                         demand and government rebate policies. In New Zealand, industry declined by 1%,
                         constrained by a weak property market and labor shortages. Annual inflation stands at
                         3.0%. Overall recovery remains slow despite consumer confidence rebounded at year end.

                         Southeast Asia: In Thailand, growth was primarily driven by air conditioners, refrigerators,
                         and washing machines. Vietnam saw continued increases in demand for air conditioners,
                         while Malaysia experienced overall market growth. In Indonesia, overall sales revenue
                         trended upward despite mild decline in volume of several categories. This indicated a shift
                         from volume-driven to value-driven market growth as product mix upgrades boosted
                         average prices.

                         Japan: GfK estimates sales volume of refrigerator, freezer and washing machine decline
                         3.0%, sales revenue down 3.8%.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   31

                                                                                               Business Review




II.   INDUSTRY OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
      (continued)
      (I)   Industry Overview for 2025 (continued)
            (2)   Central Air Conditioning Industry
                  According to data from China IoL, China’s central air conditioning industry recorded sales
                  of RMB138.68 billion in 2025, with domestic and export markets showing divergent trends.
                  Domestic sales contracted by 7.4% year-on-year to RMB112.55 billion, while export sales
                  grew by 12.7% to RMB26.14 billion.

                  The domestic market faced pressure from three main factors. A significant downturn in the
                  real estate sector caused a sharp drop in shipments for fully-furnished projects. Demand
                  from traditional sectors such as industrial manufacturing, healthcare, and hospitality
                  remained sluggish. At the same time, intensifying price competition further squeezed the
                  market. Despite this weak overall performance, new structural opportunities are emerging.
                  The rapid expansion of data centers is steadily increasing demand for cooling systems.
                  Furthermore, China’s “dual carbon” goals are creating a market for high-efficiency products
                  such as magnetic levitation centrifugal chillers, driven by energy-saving retrofits in older
                  buildings.

                  In contrast, export growth bucked the domestic trend. This increase was primarily driven by
                  Chinese companies’ strategic expansion into emerging markets, improved product
                  performance, and localized adaptation efforts. The continued global growth of the data
                  center industry also made a significant contribution. Exports have become a critical pillar for
                  growth during this period of domestic consolidation.

            (3)   Commercial Refrigeration Business
                  In 2025, the global commercial refrigeration industry entered a period of structural growth,
                  driven by technological advancements and regulatory policies.

                  Europe, the world’s most mature core market for commercial refrigeration, was estimated at
                  approximately USD 13 billion in 2025, representing steady year-on-year growth of about
                  3%. This growth was largely policy-driven. The strict enforcement of the EU’s F-gas
                  Regulation is phasing out equipment using high-GWP (Global Warming Potential)
                  refrigerants, creating significant demand for environmentally friendly alternatives. This trend
                  is expected to continue in 2026, with eco-friendly refrigerants, high-efficiency commercial
                  freezers, and smart cold storage becoming mainstream.

                  China’s commercial refrigeration market achieved growth in both sales volume and revenue
                  in 2025. Annual sales reached 18 million units, up around 3% year-on-year, with sales
                  revenue exceeding RMB36 billion, up around 2%. The catering industry remained the
                  primary source of demand, while the booming ready-to-cook foods sector and improved
                  cold chain logistics provided strong support for medium-to-large-scale cold storage facilities
                  and retail-end freezers. Looking ahead to 2026, the national “equipment renewal” policy,
                  recovery of offline consumption, and the need for equipment standardization from
                  restaurant chains will further stimulate end-user demand.
32   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     II.   INDUSTRY OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
           (continued)
           (I)    Industry Overview for 2025 (continued)
                  (3)    Commercial Refrigeration Business (continued)
                         In India, driven by government policies like the Prime Minister’s Farmers Integrated Food
                         Processing and Development Scheme (PMKSY), infrastructure investment in food
                         processing and pharmaceutical cold chain sectors has reached a record high. As India
                         transforms to modern and smart cold chain systems, it is becoming one of the world’s
                         fastest-growing emerging markets, with its compound annual growth rate expected to
                         remain in the double digits for years to come.

                         In North America, market growth is primarily driven by evolving retail formats. Specifically,
                         the widespread development of micro-fulfillment centers for online grocers has fueled
                         sustained demand for highly automated refrigerated warehousing systems.

           (II)   Industry Outlook for 2026
                  (1)    Home Appliance Industry
                         Domestic Market
                         China’s domestic home appliance market is now defined by high penetration and a massive
                         installed base. According to AVC, total home appliance ownership in China exceeds 4
                         billion units, averaging more than eight units per household. The industry has shifted from
                         a period of rapid expansion to a competitive market centered on existing customers.
                         Consequently, replacement demand is now the main driver. The sector has entered a new
                         phase focusing on nurturing its customer base and encouraging product mix upgrades.
                         Consumer preferences are moving from initial adoption to quality improvements, with key
                         growth opportunities in green technology, whole-house smart systems, health-focused
                         solutions, and integration with home furnishings.

                         The national subsidy program is set to continue in 2026 with updated standards. A joint
                         notice from the Ministry of Commerce and four other departments outlines that the 2026
                         subsidies will target six appliance categories, including refrigerators, washing machines, and
                         air conditioners, that meet Level 1 energy or water efficiency standards. The subsidy will
                         cover 15% of the final sales price, with a maximum of RMB1,500 per item. This policy is
                         designed to encourage the adoption of high-efficiency and smart products. AVC forecasts
                         that overall industry growth may face pressure in 2026 due to the high base effect from
                         previous subsidies, but structural opportunities will remain, as the policy favours
                         high-efficiency models and accelerates product mix upgrades. Steady demand from home
                         renovations and upgrades will also create growth for companies offering comprehensive
                         solutions.
                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   33

                                                                                                  Business Review




II.   INDUSTRY OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
      (continued)
      (II)   Industry Outlook for 2026 (continued)
             (1)   Home Appliance Industry (continued)
                   Overseas Markets
                   Overall, the overseas home appliance market is expected to experience a moderate
                   recovery in 2026, with different growth drivers for developed and emerging markets.
                   Companies must continuously monitor global macroeconomic fluctuations and changes in
                   trade policy, capitalizing on structural growth opportunities through technological innovation,
                   localized operations, and flexible supply chain strategies.

                   (1)   North America: U.S. GDP grew by 2.2% in 2025, with Q4 growth slowed to 1.4%.
                         Currently, U.S. consumer demand is relatively weak. Additionally, pressure from tariffs
                         continues to reduce consumer disposable income and raise import costs for
                         businesses, dampening demand in the home appliance market. This situation is
                         expected to persist through the first half of 2026. However, as the Federal Reserve is
                         expected to cut interest rates, falling mortgage rates could stimulate the real estate
                         market and subsequently boost consumer demand for home appliances in the second
                         half of 2026.

                   (2)   Europe: As energy efficiency standards become stricter, highly efficient, energy-saving
                         products are rapidly replacing older models. The European home appliance market
                         will continue to prioritize sustainability. Eco-friendly, smart, and efficient appliances are
                         becoming mainstream, leading to intensified competition among manufacturers in both
                         ESG performance and product innovation.

                   (3)   Emerging Markets: In 2026, consumer demand is expected to grow steadily.
                         Accelerating urbanization and an expanding middle class in Southeast Asia, South
                         Asia, the Middle East, and Africa will continue to create significant market
                         opportunities for the industry.

             (2)   Central Air Conditioning Industry
                   Domestic Market. In 2026, demand in China’s central air conditioning industry will shift
                   from new installations to upgrades of existing systems. Although overall market growth has
                   slowed, the national ‘dual carbon’ strategy and industrial upgrades are creating structural
                   opportunities. There is a rising demand for energy-efficient retrofits. The adoption of
                   high-efficiency products, such as magnetic levitation centrifugal chillers, is steadily
                   increasing in industrial and commercial buildings. The 15th Five-Year Plan on industrial
                   upgrades, along with policies promoting energy-saving renovations in older buildings, will
                   continue to fuel growth in integrated energy solutions. The intelligent computing sector is
                   generating new demand. The rapid expansion of AI and data centers is driving the need for
                   advanced cooling systems, turning liquid cooling and high-power-density heat dissipation
                   technologies into significant growth markets.

                   Export Market. The export market is expected to continue its growth trend, with China IoL
                   projecting mid-to-high single-digit growth for the full year driven by factors such as the
                   global transition to new refrigerants.
34   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     II.   INDUSTRY OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
           (continued)
           (II)   Industry Outlook for 2026 (continued)
                  (2)    Central Air Conditioning Industry (continued)
                         Rising raw material prices are expected to temper industry price wars, shifting the
                         competitive focus toward “all-scenario, full lifecycle” integrated solutions. Distributors are
                         increasingly prioritizing long-term operational efficiency and asset value over initial
                         investment costs. Leading brands are poised to increase their market concentration through
                         technological expertise and extensive service networks, reinforcing a winner-takes-all
                         dynamic.

                  (3)    Commercial Refrigeration Industry
                         In 2026, the European commercial refrigeration market is expected to achieve steady
                         growth, driven by strict policies and demand for equipment upgrade. Tighter regulations on
                         fluorinated gases and energy-efficient design are accelerating a systemic shift in product
                         mix toward low-carbon solutions. The competitive landscape remains highly fragmented,
                         with leading companies strengthening their ESG credentials by investing in
                         renewable-energy-powered facilities and adopting circular economy principles. As the EU
                         Green Deal progresses and the replacement cycle for older equipment begins, suppliers
                         with expertise in natural refrigerants and smart system integration are well-positioned to
                         capture a larger market share.

     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS
           I.     Industry Trends and Company’s Strategic Initiatives
                  The development of China’s home appliance industry has undergone a profound transformation.
                  Consumer demand has shifted from basic functionality to the pursuit of a higher quality of life.
                  Green, energy-efficient, smart, and health-focused products are now central to this consumption
                  upgrade, and trade-in policies are effectively encouraging consumers to replace older appliances
                  with superior new models. At the same time, a trend toward consumption focused on personal
                  well-being is on the rise, making emotional value a new growth driver. Consumers are willing to
                  pay for high-quality products with strong emotional appeal, shifting from purchasing to please
                  others to purchasing for self-satisfaction. Furthermore, the growth from traditional e-commerce
                  traffic has peaked. The deep integration of offline experiences and online transactions has
                  become the norm. Improving retail efficiency now depends on digital insights into user needs
                  across the entire customer journey. With highly fragmented channel touchpoints, simple traffic
                  acquisition models are losing their edge. Instead, building long-term brand recognition has
                  become a key competitive advantage.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   35

                                                                                         Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   I.   Industry Trends and Company’s Strategic Initiatives (continued)
        The global market has also undergone significant adjustments. Geopolitical factors and tariff
        barriers have increased the uncertainty of overseas operations, placing higher demands on
        companies’ localized operations and supply chain resilience. However, the trend of consumption
        upgrades in emerging markets remains clear. The rise of the middle class in these markets is
        expected to drive a compound annual industry growth rate of over 7%. The retail channel
        landscape is also rapidly evolving, with both online and fragmented sales models gaining traction.
        In 2025, the proportion of online home appliance sales in the U.S. held steady at over 25%,
        while European online channels grew against headwinds. The penetration of the direct-to-
        consumer (DTC) model has placed higher demands on companies’ digital marketing and
        omnichannel coordination capabilities.

        The HVAC industry is facing structural opportunities, and overseas markets hold immense
        potential. In the Chinese market, integrated solutions such as heat pump systems and whole-
        house HVAC and water systems are gaining favor. Product development is focused on the deep
        integration of standardized components with scenario-based customizations. In Europe,
        Southeast Asia, and the Middle East and Africa, the HVAC market still has substantial room for
        growth due to climate change and population increases. Chinese companies have significant
        advantages in production capacity concentration and manufacturing efficiency, offering broad
        potential to increase their global market share.

        In response to the opportunities and challenges, we have centered our core strategy on
        maximizing user value, systematically implementing transformative measures to upgrade our core
        competitiveness and drive growth despite market headwinds.

        First, we established a user co-creation model to develop best-selling products. In
        response to the shift in user needs toward emotional and experiential value, the Company has
        transformed users from passive recipients into product co-creators. Through their deep
        involvement in defining requirements and validating use cases, we developed products with
        exceptional experiences, such as the Lazy Wash washing machine and the Mailang refrigerator.
        This model balanced emotional connection with practical functionality, creating differentiated
        competitiveness and driving our strategic shift from routine releases to systematic development of
        best-selling products.

        Second, we strengthened our operations for direct-to-consumer engagement across all
        channels. In the domestic market, we comprehensively promoted the transformation to a direct-
        to-consumer model. By leveraging platform tools for digital inventory, marketing, and storefronts,
        we empowered distributors to operate with an asset-light model, shorten transaction chain, and
        improve efficiency and precision of direct user engagement. This approach facilitated the
        continuous accumulation and activation of our user base. In overseas markets, we strengthened
        localized brand-building systems, promoting deep localization of products, branding, and
        operations, enabling the Haier brand to build a lasting reputation and a sustainable competitive
        advantage in each local market.
36   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
           I.     Industry Trends and Company’s Strategic Initiatives (continued)
                  Third, we unlocked synergies of our globalized local footprint. Our Company has over 60
                  overseas factories that formed a global manufacturing network. We implemented a “1+1+N”
                  global supply model, which was based on localized supply, supported by regional coordination,
                  and secured by global resource synergy. This approach enabled the highly efficient dual
                  circulation of both localized and globalized operations, not only enhanced the resilience and
                  stability of our supply chain but also ensured our ability to respond quickly to market
                  fluctuations. Our globalization strategy is evolving from simply exporting products to exporting
                  systemic capabilities, which has become a core source of our resilience against external
                  uncertainties.

                  Fourth, we fully embraced AI by integrating intelligence into every business process,
                  including R&D, manufacturing, and sales. Leveraging our Smart Home Brain and the Uhome
                  large model, we advanced from product-level intelligence to scenario-based intelligence. We
                  utilized algorithms to optimize user experience, data to drive precise services, and technology to
                  enhance operational efficiency, which facilitated a leap from relying on hardware competitiveness
                  to building comprehensive advantages across hardware, software, and services.

                  Fifth, we strengthened our strategic position in the HVAC industry to cultivate new
                  growth engines. To capitalize on structural opportunities in the HVAC sector, the Company
                  enhanced core competencies in home air conditioning and smart building solutions. We
                  accelerated the overseas expansion of our water solution business, while promoting the
                  integration and synergy of our broader HVAC operations, thereby building momentum for future
                  development, and speeding up the cultivation of new growth drivers.

                  The coordinated implementation of these initiatives provided solid support for the Company’s
                  high-quality growth amid the complex environment in 2025. It also laid the strategic foundation
                  for our continuous evolution into a platform-based, service-oriented technology ecosystem
                  enterprise.

           II.    Analysis of Financial Indicators
                  In 2025, the Company’s revenue totaled RMB302.329 billion, a year-on-year increase of 5.7%
                  from 2024. This growth was driven by strong performance in both domestic and overseas
                  markets. Domestically, revenue growth was supported by our collaborative model for co-creating
                  best-selling products with users, a refined strategy for direct customer engagement, and
                  advanced digital inventory management. Internationally, revenue growth was fueled by rapid
                  expansion in emerging markets including South Asia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and Africa,
                  along with successful integration of our acquisitions, CCR and KWIKOT.

                  In 2025, the net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company reached RMB19.553
                  billion, representing a 4.39% increase from 2024.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   37

                                                                                           Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   II.    Analysis of Financial Indicators (continued)
          (1)   The Company’s gross profit margin reached 26.1%, a decrease of 1.1 percentage points
                compared to the same period in 2024. Domestically, the gross margin declined
                year-on-year because cost savings from our comprehensive cost-optimization strategy and
                integrated process improvements were offset by rising commodity prices, such as copper in
                Q4, and a rapid decline in industry average prices due to intense competition. The
                overseas gross margin also decreased year-on-year, as the benefits of enhanced localized
                product competitiveness, global supply chain initiatives, digital platforms, and our
                cost-optimization strategy were counteracted by challenges like high tariffs.

          (2)   The selling and distribution expense ratio was 11.2%, improved by 0.5 percentage points
                year-on-year from 2024. Domestically, this improvement was driven by the accelerated
                rollout of our unified warehouse-to-consumer model and ongoing digital marketing reforms,
                which optimized resource allocation and increased marketing return on investment, along
                with streamlined logistics through optimizing warehouse network and delivery routes.
                Internationally, the ratio improved due to innovations in retail operations, global resource
                integration, and enhanced operational efficiency.

          (3)   The administrative expense ratio was 8.4% in 2025, a decrease of 0.2 percentage points
                from the same period in 2024. Domestically, the ratio improved year-on-year due to the
                implementation of digital platforms and AI, which optimized business processes and
                enhanced operation efficiency.

          In 2025, the Company’s net cash flow from operating activities totaled RMB26.003 billion, a
          decrease of RMB315 million compared to the same period in 2024.

   III.   Key Market Performance
          China Market
          In the China market, the Company focused on enhancing its omnichannel, direct-to-consumer
          competitiveness by developing three core capabilities for systematic transformation. First, we
          established foundational omnichannel direct-to-consumer capabilities through a digital inventory
          system that streamlined the business chain and improved operational efficiency. Second, we
          centered digital marketing efforts on precisely targeting and converting consumers, leading to
          higher traffic conversion and building long-term user value. Third, we leveraged our multi-brand
          portfolio to reach diverse consumer segments, which enabled targeted outreach and deeper
          engagement. The synergy of these evolving capabilities enabled our Company to achieve
          domestic revenue growth of 3.1% that bucked market trends in 2025.
38   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
           III.   Key Market Performance (continued)
                  China Market (continued)
                  1.   We enhanced our digital inventory transformation to build a foundation for omnichannel direct-
                       to-consumer capabilities. Digital upgrades in the supply chain and logistics streamlined
                       transactions and optimized operational efficiency. As of the end of 2025, RRS Logistics was
                       delivering 100,000 units directly to users daily, with the proportion of omnichannel direct-
                       to-consumer deliveries rising to 57%. Our 24-hour delivery service expanded to cover 1,944
                       districts and counties, and the rate of integrated delivery and installation increased to 97%.

                         On the supply chain side, we upgraded our order forecasting and automated inventory
                         deployment models and improved our integrated online-offline inventory system. These
                         changes enhanced inventory turnover rate and increased order forecast accuracy by 2.6%.

                         On the logistics side, we optimized our warehouse and distribution network, improving
                         efficiency and achieving cost reductions of RMB340 million. We saved RMB110 million in
                         warehousing by sharing distributors’ inventory across channels and implementing digital
                         management for high-density storage, which boosted warehouse utilization by 6 percentage
                         points. We also saved RMB230 million in distribution by consolidating shipments from
                         multiple industrial parks, shipping small home appliances nationwide directly from a single
                         warehouse, and enabling cross-regional delivery from the closest facility. Our unified
                         warehouse direct-to-consumer model has reshaped partnerships with distributors. By
                         systematically optimizing stocking, delivery, service, and settlement, the model reduced
                         distributors’ inventory pressure and capital requirements while addressing delivery and
                         after-sales service needs, allowing them to focus on retail operations. Moreover, the
                         transparency and predictability of the entire process, from product supply to policy support
                         and revenue realization, has significantly increased distributors’ motivation. By lowering
                         capital barriers and operational risks, this model fostered a mutually beneficial and
                         empowering relationship between the Company and our distributors.

                  2.     We cultivated our user base through digital marketing and a multi-touchpoint engagement
                         system.

                         Our strategy focused on managing the entire user lifecycle. We have developed cross-
                         platform engagement capabilities that span the full customer journey, from initial awareness
                         to long-term loyalty. Our marketing approach has evolved from experience-based to data-
                         driven, centered on increasing our Share of Voice (SOV) and Net Promoter Score (NPS).
                         This has allowed us to seamlessly integrate traffic acquisition with user engagement.

                         In terms of user reach, our social media following grew to 31.81 million, a year-on-year
                         increase of 12%, establishing an omnichannel coverage for user engagement. On
                         Xiaohongshu, the Haier brand achieved a 17.8% increase in search volume within the major
                         home appliances category, ranking first in search frequency. In terms of promotion
                         decision-making, we developed a smart end-to-end system for influencer collaborations,
                         which added analytical rigor and improved risk management for our campaigns. In 2025,
                         the efficiency of our influencer marketing on Xiaohongshu and Douyin improved by 13.7%
                         and 24.7% respectively.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   39

                                                                                            Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   III.   Key Market Performance (continued)
          China Market (continued)
          3.   We strengthened our multi-brand portfolio and product suite strategy to precisely target
               diverse user segments.

               We leveraged the differentiated market positioning of our three brands: Haier, Casarte, and
               Leader. With product suites as a core strategy, we focused resources on shaping
               consumer perception by developing high-impact, compelling marketing keywords related to
               these suites. This approach effectively converted product exposure into brand recognition,
               enabling us to precisely target and serve diverse user segments, reinforcing the competitive
               advantage of our multi-brand portfolio.

               The Haier brand leveraged AI technology to comprehensively upgrade its brand, products,
               and customer touchpoints. To appeal to younger consumers, the brand launched the Little
               Red Flower suite, marketed as the “first AI appliance suite for young people”, which sold
               over 5.7 million units during the year. For families seeking quality, the brand introduced the
               Mailang suite, which captivated users with its calming aesthetic. In 2025, the Haier brand’s
               retail sales grew by 8% year-on-year, solidifying its leading position in the mainstream home
               appliance market.

               The Casarte brand forged an emotional connection with consumers by blending intangible
               cultural heritage with proprietary AI technology. The brand launched the Connoisseur and
               Maestro suites featuring the “AI Vision” to cater to the evolving preferences of high-net-
               worth individuals, who increasingly seek cultural identity over material satisfaction. In 2025,
               Casarte’s revenue grew by double-digit year-on-year, with its core product categories
               maintaining a leading share in the premium market. The brand’s market share in the high-
               end segment reached 44% for refrigerators (priced over RMB10,000), 75% for washing
               machines, 30% for water heaters (over RMB10,000), and 53% for air conditioners priced
               above RMB15,000.

               The Leader brand focused on feedback-driven marketing and user co-creation. The brand
               achieved viral success with its best-selling Lazy Wash Triple-Drum Washing Machine, which
               led to the rapid expansion of the Lazy series into a full product line offering zone-washing
               solutions for diverse scenarios. In 2025, Leader’s revenue surpassed RMB10 billion for the
               first time, a year-on-year increase of 30%. This success has established the brand as a key
               growth engine for the Company’s strategy to engage younger consumers.
40   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
           III.   Key Market Performance (continued)
                  North America
                  During the reporting period, the Company remained focused on delivering technology-driven
                  innovation, manufacturing excellence, and differentiated products in North America. The new
                  launches included Monogram 24” Panel-Ready Beverage Centre that brings elevated versatility
                  and thoughtful design; GE Profile™ Smart Compact Dishwasher for Countertop or built-in
                  installation; UltraFast Combo washer with new finishes that brings a vibrant, design-forward
                  aesthetic and personality to the laundry space; Powered by Google Cloud’s generative AI, the
                  expanded SmartHQ platform introduced specialized AI assistants for coffee and laundry care,
                  each designed to tackle specific household challenges. Amid a changing tariff and policy
                  environment, the Company continued to strengthen its position in premium segments with 7%
                  YOY growth.

                  The Company also deepened partnerships with major retail channels through clear commercial
                  strategies, fulfillment capabilities, and strong customer support. GE Appliances was named a
                  2025 Vendor Partner of the Year by Lowe’s. In manufacturing, GE Appliances completed the
                  expansion at its Georgia cooking products plant and plans to build its most advanced clothes-
                  washer manufacturing facility in Louisville, Kentucky.

                  In Air & Water Solutions, the Company introduced new residential and commercial HVAC
                  offerings with enhanced compatibility, serviceability, and installation flexibility for contractors. The
                  segment achieved double-digit growth.

                  European Market
                  In 2025, the European market, as a core pillar of the Company’s globalization strategy,
                  underwent a profound structural transformation and integration, resulting in a significant
                  improvement in profitability. Against a complex and challenging macroeconomic backdrop, the
                  Company remained user-centric and pivoted its business focus from scale expansion to high-
                  quality growth. This strategic shift led to a fundamental improvement in operational quality and
                  further enhanced the region’s strategic value.

                  During the reporting period, revenue in the European market achieved double-digit year-on-year
                  growth, accompanied by a substantial upgrade in the quality of operations. Key initiatives driving
                  this transformation included:

                  1.     Comprehensive Implementation of “Operating Model 2.0”

                         •      Supply Chain: The Company continued to optimize its European supply chain footprint,
                                systematically migrating production capacity to core manufacturing hubs in Turkey,
                                Southeast Asia, and China. This movement leveraged cost advantages while
                                enhancing market responsiveness.

                         •      Channels: We deepened our Key Account (KA) strategy and customized service
                                offerings while accelerating the development of e-commerce platforms, led by
                                Amazon, and Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) channels, resulting in rapid growth.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   41

                                                                                           Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   III.   Key Market Performance (continued)
          European Market (continued)
               •   Organization: Efficiency was bolstered through organizational streamlining and
                   operational optimization, yielding clear transitional benefits. Furthermore, the Company
                   established or upgraded hundreds of terminal outlets across Europe. By elevating the
                   brand’s visual identity and strengthening retail promoter training, we effectively
                   boosted brand resonance among younger demographics.

          2.   Focus on Product and Service Upgrades

               Through sustained R&D investment, the Company enhanced the competitiveness of its
               refrigerator and washing machine portfolios across all price segments. Our washing
               machine business climbed to the No. 2 market share position in the region, driven by
               product innovation — notably the coordinated launch of “triple-drum” washing machines,
               which showcased the seamless integration of our global R&D and sales networks. The
               refrigerator segment maintained robust momentum, continuing its trajectory toward the
               industry’s top tier.

               To drive brand premiumization, the Company launched a global sponsorship program,
               partnering with elite football clubs such as Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) to
               significantly elevate brand awareness and customer perception. Regarding sustainability, the
               Company ensured all products met the EU’s stringent energy efficiency and environmental
               standards. We proactively invested in low-carbon technologies to address future carbon
               border adjustment (carbon tax) challenges while accelerating the deployment of our Smart
               Home platform in Europe to provide users with intelligent, scenario-based experiences.

          Emerging Markets
          In 2025, Emerging Markets served as a critical engine for sustained growth. By efficiently
          replicating the successful experiences and business models pioneered in the Chinese market, the
          Company achieved rapid growth that significantly outpaced the industry average.

          During the reporting period, revenue from emerging regions (including Southeast Asia, South
          Asia, and Middle East & Africa) grew by over 24% year-on-year, further consolidating our
          leadership in several core markets. The Company transitioned from a “product export” model to
          a deep “brand operations” model, prioritizing optimized regional and product mixes to enhance
          overall profitability. By implementing a localized brand-building strategy, the Company maintained
          its leading industry position in Pakistan, India, and Thailand. We continued to introduce high-
          margin, solution-based products to global markets, successfully moving beyond price competition
          to achieve simultaneous growth in volume and price.
42   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
           III.   Key Market Performance (continued)
                  Emerging Markets (continued)
                  1.  Replicating the “Hero Product + Channel” Formula

                         The Company combined its expertise in creating “Blockbusters” in China with deep local
                         consumer insights. In South Asia, the GRAVITY series drove a significant increase in the
                         market share of high-energy-efficiency products, propelling related categories to the top two
                         in the Indian market. On the channel side, we successfully replicated China’s e-commerce
                         and franchised store models, deepening partnerships with major Southeast Asian
                         e-commerce platforms and rapidly expanding our offline footprint and flagship image stores
                         in South Asia, the Middle East, and Africa.

                  2.     Strengthening Localized Manufacturing and Delivery

                         The Company innovated its “1+1+N” flexible supply chain system, transitioning from a
                         China-centric supply model to one that emphasizes localization, regionalization, and global
                         synergy. Leveraging manufacturing bases in Southeast Asia, India, and Egypt, we achieved
                         precise R&D and rapid delivery tailored to local climates (e.g., high temperature and
                         humidity), creating a distinct competitive advantage that radiates into the Middle East and
                         Africa. In response to complex trade policy shifts, we utilized digital models to flexibly
                         allocate global capacity, effectively reducing tariffs and logistics costs while ensuring supply
                         chain resilience.

           IV.    Business Operation Analysis
                  (I)    Smart Kitchen
                         (1) Refrigeration
                             The Company’s refrigerators and freezers maintained their global No.1 positions by
                             retail volume (for the 18th and 15th consecutive year, respectively). With this scale
                             foundation firmly in place, the Refrigeration division pivoted its emphasis toward
                             quality of growth during the period, supported by two differentiating capabilities: a
                             systematic engine that converts proprietary technology into commercially successful
                             products, and a digitally enabled global operating platform. Revenue for the period
                             totaled RMB84.76 billion, up 1.4% year-on-year, led by strong momentum in
                             emerging overseas markets. Domestically, offline retail revenue share rose to 47.7%,
                             a gain of 3.6 percentage points.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   43

                                                                                            Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   IV.   Business Operation Analysis (continued)
         (I)   Smart Kitchen (continued)
               (1) Refrigeration (continued)
                   Innovation pipeline and technology leadership. The division captured two converging
                   tailwinds — robust trade-in demand in China and accelerating premiumization in
                   overseas markets — and converted them into measurable commercial outcomes.
                   Central to this is an R&D pipeline that has ranked first in the industry by published
                   invention patents for eight consecutive years. The standout breakthrough was our
                   Magnetic Control Full-Space Freshness Technology, which earned the highest award
                   at China’s National Disruptive Technology Competition — the only recognition given to
                   the home appliance sector — achieving cellular-level preservation that keeps chilled
                   meat fresh for 10 days and frozen seafood for 60 days. This was complemented by
                   advances in ultra-quiet operation (31dB, outperforming the national standard by
                   10dB), built-in installation via our proprietary hydraulic self-leveling system, and the AI
                   Vision multimodal platform for intelligent food management.

                     Scaling premium across brands and geographies. What distinguishes this division is
                     not just innovation, but the speed and consistency with which new technology
                     reaches consumers as premium, high-volume products. Casarte, our premium brand,
                     gained 2.5 percentage points of offline retail revenue share and 0.8 percentage
                     points online. Its Zhijing Series commanded 53% of retail revenue in the RMB10,000-
                     and-above segment. At the volume end, the Haier “Mailang” series topped every price
                     tier with over 600,000 units sold. Overseas, we pursued targeted brand-building by
                     country and category. In Europe, differentiated multi-door models — including 700L
                     large-capacity units — captured 40% of the mid-to-high-end multi-door segment,
                     while emerging markets delivered strong revenue growth driven by local product
                     adaptation and expanded distribution.

                     Cost discipline through global coordination. Margin improvement was underpinned by
                     the division’s global digital coordination platform. On the cost side, modular product
                     design and coordinated cross-regional procurement drove further structural cost
                     reduction, more than offsetting input cost headwinds and contributing to gross margin
                     expansion. On the SG&A side, digital marketing tools improved consumer
                     engagement efficiency, while process optimization in after-sales service lowered the
                     domestic expense ratio year-on-year.

                     Taken together, the Refrigeration division’s 2025 performance demonstrates that its
                     leadership rests on a mutually reinforcing system — proprietary technology, premium
                     branding, rapid commercialization, and globally coordinated operations — rather than
                     scale alone. These same capabilities position the division well for the next phase of
                     the Company’s Smart Kitchen strategy, which aims to deepen the convergence of
                     refrigeration and kitchen appliance solutions.
44   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
           IV.    Business Operation Analysis (continued)
                  (I)    Smart Kitchen (continued)
                         (2) Kitchen Appliances
                             Against a backdrop of macroeconomic volatility and trade disruptions that weighed on
                             global kitchen appliance demand, the division delivered revenue of RMB41.54 billion,
                             up 0.9% year-on-year — a resilient outcome given the challenging operating
                             environment. Overseas, we maintained leading positions in North America and
                             Australasia. The performance was underpinned by two engines: effective coordination
                             across our global premium brand portfolio, and the continued strengthening of
                             localized operations.

                                Multi-brand synergies powering overseas leadership. As global kitchen demand shifts
                                from single-product purchases toward integrated, built-in, and smart-enabled
                                solutions, the division is well positioned through the combined strengths of GE
                                Appliances (GEA), Fisher & Paykel (FPA), and Casarte. In North America, GEA
                                accelerated the rollout of premium built-in products under its Profile and Café lines,
                                lifting high-end brand revenue by 7% and retaining the No.1 retail share position, with
                                dishwasher and oven shares reaching 26.8% and 41.6%, respectively. In Australasia,
                                FPA complemented GEA’s North American strength with continued premium
                                momentum in its home market. Leveraging a model of global resource development
                                with local experience delivery, we further consolidated our premium foothold in
                                developed markets while scaling rapidly in emerging regions such as the Middle East
                                and Africa.

                                Premiumization and pre-installation positioning in China. In the domestic market,
                                results improved on the back of two strategic priorities: premiumization and proactive
                                positioning in the pre-installation channel. As demand for integrated kitchen solutions
                                grows — driven by pre-fitted housing delivery, home renovation, and the convergence
                                of furnishing and appliances — we continued to anchor premium pricing in
                                proprietary technology while expanding user value through scenario-based offerings.
                                Casarte’s Zhijing series, including fully flush-mounted range hoods and a proprietary
                                drawer-type dishwasher, continued to define the industry’s direction in intelligent
                                functionality and space efficiency. Casarte kitchen appliance revenue rose 27% year-
                                on-year.

                                Margin expansion supported by supply chain efficiency. Profitability improvement was
                                reinforced by the division’s integrated global supply chain. Consolidation of
                                procurement resources and optimization of the local manufacturing footprint helped
                                offset external cost pressures. On the operating expense side, digitally enabled tools
                                continued to improve efficiency in marketing and service, further strengthening the
                                division’s earnings foundation.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   45

                                                                                             Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   IV.   Business Operation Analysis (continued)
         (I)    Smart Kitchen (continued)
                (2) Kitchen Appliances (continued)
                    In summary, the Kitchen Appliances division’s 2025 results reflect the combined
                    contribution of overseas brand leadership and domestic premiumization through
                    Casarte’s integrated kitchen approach. Both growth quality and earnings visibility
                    improved. The capabilities developed around integrated kitchen offerings, premium
                    built-in products, and the pre-installation channel provide a solid foundation for the
                    Company’s broader Smart Kitchen strategy.

         (II)   Smart Laundry Care
                China’s laundry market came under pressure during the period as government subsidy
                effects faded and growth reverted to product-driven fundamentals — an environment that
                favors companies with genuine product differentiation. The Laundry Care division delivered
                global revenue of RMB65.57 billion, up 3.5% year-on-year, driven by product innovation,
                channel transformation, and disciplined multi-brand execution.

                Multi-brand execution in a polarizing market. As market polarization intensified, our portfolio
                approach proved effective. Casarte, our premium brand, grew revenue by over 15%,
                establishing itself as a key growth driver. Leader, targeting younger consumers, leveraged
                its “Effortless Three-Drum” washer to gain 2.5 percentage points of online retail revenue
                share, with front-load washer sales surging over 70%. Domestically, offline retail revenue
                share reached 47.4%, up 1.9 percentage points (per GfK). Globally, Haier washing
                machines held the No.1 market share at 14.4% (per Euromonitor), with leading positions in
                Australia, New Zealand, Pakistan, and Vietnam.

                Defining two high-growth categories. The division has taken a defining role in two emerging
                segments: multi-drum segmented washing and heat pump integrated washer-dryers.

                In multi-drum washing, we were the first to commercialize a latent consumer need — the
                desire to wash intimate wear, baby clothes, and outerwear separately — through a
                purpose-built product. The Effortless Three-Drum washer sold over 300,000 units during
                the period, making it the No.1 online new product of the year. This was powered by a
                closed-loop system that moves from consumer insight to product launch in roughly half the
                industry’s typical cycle time. Per AVC data, multi-drum penetration in China rose from 0.9%
                to 2.4% in 2025; the Company held a dominant share exceeding 60%.

                The same product-creation engine extends across categories. In heat pump washer-dryers,
                the Casarte Neutron F2 deploys our proprietary Dual-Engine Heat Pump technology to
                resolve the core trade-offs of conventional condensation systems — delivering gentle 56ºC
                drying that is 40% faster and 30% more energy-efficient while protecting fabric quality. The
                product quickly became a premium bestseller. Offline penetration of heat pump washer-
                dryers exceeded 5% industry-wide in 2025, with Casarte holding over 30% of the
                segment.
46   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
           IV.    Business Operation Analysis (continued)
                  (II)   Smart Laundry Care (continued)
                         Channel transformation in China. The division moved decisively to capitalize on China’s
                         rapidly evolving retail landscape. The shift toward direct-to-consumer (DTC) retail operations
                         drove a 22% year-on-year increase in online revenue. On content commerce platforms such
                         as Douyin (China’s leading short-video platform), partnerships with lifestyle creators to
                         showcase real-use scenarios — segmented washing, luxury garment care — generated
                         over 190% growth. We also captured emerging opportunities in large-format new-retail
                         stores in lower-tier cities, adding 1,100 touchpoints and growing county and township retail
                         revenue by 25%. The marketing model has evolved from traffic acquisition to user co-
                         creation, with social media feedback being rapidly converted into new product iterations.

                         Profitability: channel efficiency and localization gains. The division’s profitability improved
                         during the period, supported by two drivers. Domestically, the DTC retail model reduced
                         intermediate distribution layers, lowering channel costs and contributing to expense ratio
                         improvement. Overseas, deeper localization yielded a more favorable cost structure: Candy
                         in Europe returned to profitability through product platform upgrades and management
                         efficiency gains, while strengthened local manufacturing in North America enhanced supply
                         chain resilience and cost predictability.

                         Overseas: deeper localization, broader reach. In 2025, our three-in-one localization model
                         — local design, local manufacturing, local marketing — moved into a phase of deeper
                         structural embedding. In Southeast Asia, laundry revenue grew over 25%, driven by the
                         introduction of mid-to-high-end products. Japan delivered revenue growth above 5%, led by
                         new premium heat pump models. In Europe, the Candy turnaround also translated into
                         share gains. In North America, we strengthened local manufacturing capacity, supporting
                         continued share gains.

                         Market positions advanced across every major region. In the U.S., GE washing machines
                         held a 26.7% share (per AHAM), with large-capacity front-load products maintaining
                         leadership. In Europe, the multi-brand approach navigated tightening energy standards to lift
                         overall share to 12.5% (No.2); in France, front-load models entered the top three. In
                         Australia, share exceeded 22% (No.1). In Vietnam, we held 21.2% (No.1); in Japan, our
                         dual-brand share reached 17.7%, advancing from No.3 to No.2. In Pakistan, we maintained
                         the No.1 position for multiple consecutive years.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   47

                                                                                            Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   IV.   Business Operation Analysis (continued)
         (III)   Smart HVAC
                 During the reporting period, HVAC business recorded sales revenue of RMB72.355 billion,
                 up 10% year on year, amongst which smart air solution grew 9.6% to RMB54.391 billion
                 and water solution grew 11.1% to RMB17.964 billion.

                 (1)   Home Air Conditioning Business
                       In 2025, the air conditioning business realized its full growth potential, driven by
                       strengthening competitiveness in product technology, supply chain integration, and
                       channel transformation. According to China IoL, Haier air conditioners defied market
                       trends with exceptional growth. Global sales volume increased by 14.8%, with
                       domestic volume up by 16.3% and overseas volume by 12.6%, outpacing the
                       industry in terms of growth.

                       According to GfK CMM, our domestic offline retail sales share reached 21%, an
                       increase of 1.8 percentage points year-on-year; online share rose to 10.9%, up 0.6
                       percentage points. In overseas markets, we ranked first in market share in Thailand,
                       Pakistan, with significant market share improvements in other regions.

                       Product Development: Creating best-selling products through original technology,
                       delivering exceptional user experience at optimal cost

                       Our R&D has been centered on solving real user problems, committed to developing
                       original technology and continuously strengthening the technology foundation of our
                       whole-house smart air solutions. The Haier air conditioner’s variable diversion
                       technology has undergone continuous refinement, significantly improving cooling and
                       heating efficiency and achieving an industry first with 24 hours of continuous heating.
                       In 2025, this technology earned Gold Medals at both the 50th International Exhibition
                       of Inventions of Geneva and the iENA Nuremberg International Trade Fair for Ideas,
                       Inventions and New Products. The Haier air conditioner’s inverter technology also
                       received a Gold Medal at the Geneva exhibition and a Silver Medal at iENA
                       Nuremberg, recognized for its combined strengths of precise temperature control,
                       high energy efficiency, and stable operation. Additionally, seven technological
                       achievements, including “Research and Application of Key Technologies for AI Smart
                       Energy-Saving Air Conditioners” and “Variable Module Heat Exchanger Forward-Cycle
                       Micro-Defrosting Technology for Room Air Conditioners to Achieve High Efficiency and
                       Comfort”, were certified by authoritative institutions as reaching “internationally
                       leading” levels. In energy conservation and smart technology, our end-to-end AI
                       energy-saving technology has enabled air conditioners to consume as little as 2 kWh
                       of electricity per day, achieving an AI-driven energy saving rate of 46%. The
                       innovative integration of technologies such as Smart Wind, Air Wash, and Integrated
                       Sensing and Communication have seamlessly combined performance, comfort, health,
                       and intelligence to enhance product experience.
48   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
           IV.    Business Operation Analysis (continued)
                  (III)   Smart HVAC (continued)
                          (1) Home Air Conditioning Business (continued)
                              Guided by our ESG strategy, the Company leveraged technological innovation for cost
                              optimization to build sustainable cost competitiveness. First, during new product
                              development, we applied new materials, technologies, and processes to enhance
                              modularity, allowing cost optimization from the initial product planning stage, and
                              quickly replicating these efficiencies to subsequent new products. Second, we
                              leveraged vertical integration to strengthen manufacturing capabilities, continuously
                              advancing our in-house manufacturing of core components such as compressors and
                              computer boards to enhance supply chain efficiency and cost control. In 2025, these
                              initiatives resulted in an approximate 8% reduction in the overall cost of our air
                              conditioners.

                                This synergy of technological innovation and cost advantages has rapidly boosted our
                                products’ market competitiveness. In 2025, the share of best-selling products
                                continued to grow, driving a 32.7% improvement in platform efficiency and a 22.2%
                                increase in SKU efficiency. The Little Red Flower Energy Saving series, known for its
                                industry-leading energy efficiency with an APF value of 6.12, achieved annual sales of
                                over 1.6 million units. The Smart Wind series, which featured dual-powered
                                mechanical arm for 270º airflow control and solved the user pain point of direct
                                drafts, sold more than 600,000 units during the year.

                                Domestic Market: Channel Transformation Drove End-to-End Efficiency with
                                Synergistic Online and Offline Growth.

                                The Company enhanced the competitiveness of our POP (platform open plan) and
                                e-commerce channels by transforming our digital inventory and digital marketing
                                models, which spurred rapid business development. For the POP channel, we helped
                                distributors establish an asset-light operating model with omnichannel inventory
                                sharing, where Haier manages warehousing, logistics, and direct-to-consumer
                                delivery. This model accelerated touchpoint expansion and improved retail efficiency.
                                In 2025, POP channel revenue grew by over 138% and retail sales by over 120%,
                                while distributor inventory turnover efficiency improved by more than 50%. In our
                                e-commerce channel, we focused on best-selling products and implemented a full-
                                funnel conversion system covering brand awareness, user traffic, and product sales,
                                which continuously improved our operational efficiency. Sales for both the ‘Energy
                                Saving’ and ‘Ultra Energy Saving’ series exceeded one million units, boosting the
                                channel’s annual revenue growth by 38%. We also capitalized on the trend of
                                content-driven e-commerce, increasing our market share in these channels by over 5
                                percentage points and securing a top two ranking. For offline channels, we focused
                                on improving both the quantity and quality of our network while continuously refining
                                operational capabilities. On the product side, we strengthened differentiation in our
                                mid-to-high-end offerings and optimized our product mix, resulting in growth of over
                                10% for Casarte’s air conditioners. To enhance distributor experience, we streamlined
                                the return and exchange process, implemented digital tools for visible, controllable,
                                and transferable inventory management, thereby improving inventory turnover and
                                sales efficiency, significantly boosted distributors’ confidence.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   49

                                                                                             Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   IV.   Business Operation Analysis (continued)
         (III)   Smart HVAC (continued)
                 (1) Home Air Conditioning Business (continued)
                     Overseas Markets: Deepening Localization and Supply Chain Development to Unleash
                     Growth

                       In overseas markets, we optimized regional structure, expanded our portfolio of high-
                       margin, solution-based products, and advanced the localization of our supply chain.
                       The Company strengthened the integrated localization of R&D, manufacturing, and
                       sales in high-profit regions such as South Asia, Europe, and Africa.

                       On the product front, we created best-selling mid-to-high-end air conditioner
                       products designed to meet local user needs, which strengthened the competitiveness
                       of our mid-range offerings. In India, the launch of the best-selling GRAVITY product
                       line increased our market share for 4-star and 5-star models to 12% and our high-
                       end market share rose to 3rd in the industry. In terms of brand strategy, we
                       increased product and marketing investments in our secondary brands such as HEC
                       and Candy to capture incremental growth in markets including Italy, Spain, Eastern
                       Europe, and Central Asia. Our customization capabilities have steadily improved,
                       resulting in faster market response times. We have seen significant improvements in
                       both the quantity and quality of our custom order clients, with customized sales
                       volume increasing by 45% year-on-year.

                       On the supply chain side, the Chonburi factory in Thailand officially commenced
                       production, boosting local capacity to 8.3 million units. The facility produced a range
                       of products, including window units, dehumidifiers, portable units, RV air conditioners,
                       and split systems. It catered to markets including Thailand, Vietnam, the U.S., and
                       Turkey to enhance the resilience and cost-effectiveness of our global supply chain.

                 (2)   Smart Building Business
                       In 2025, our Smart Building business achieved rapid revenue growth by deepening its
                       strategic focus on core technologies like magnetic and air suspension, advancing
                       strategic transformation and in-depth scenario applications in the domestic market,
                       and accelerating the development of localized operations and differentiated solutions
                       overseas. According to data from China IoL, our domestic market share for central air
                       conditioning increased by 0.5 percentage points year-on-year to 11.3%, placing us
                       among the top two in the industry. Our export market share rose by 1 percentage
                       point to 15.2%, also ranking in the top two. Overseas, we maintained the number one
                       market share in Pakistan, ranked first in the magnetic levitation centrifugal chiller
                       category in Malaysia, and held the top share for multi-split systems in Turkey,
                       continuously strengthening our global competitiveness.
50   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
           IV.    Business Operation Analysis (continued)
                  (III)   Smart HVAC (continued)
                          (2) Smart Building Business (continued)
                              In R&D, the Company remained committed to developing core technologies. By
                              focusing on magnetic levitation, air suspension, AI algorithms, and new refrigerants,
                              we have built systematic and comprehensive technical capabilities that solidified our
                              leading position in the HVAC industry.

                                Our developed static pressure air suspension technology has successfully filled a gap
                                in the domestic market for large-capacity cooling. Based on this technology, we
                                launched the industry’s largest single-unit 750RT air suspension centrifugal chiller. It
                                operates completely oil-free and improves energy efficiency by over 50%, offering a
                                green, efficient solution for high-reliability environments like data centers, industrial
                                facilities, and large hospitals. At the same time, we continued to deepen our
                                expertise in high-efficiency centrifugal chillers and completed the independent design
                                and development of our 800 to 1200 RT product series to strengthen the
                                implementation capabilities for large-scale water chiller projects, laying a solid
                                foundation for widespread adoption.

                                As a key proponent of magnetic and air suspension central air conditioning
                                technology, the Company led the formulation of the first national standard, “Oil-Free
                                Suspension Centrifugal Water Chiller (Heat Pump) Units”, which has now been
                                officially released. This is China’s first national standard for magnetic and air
                                suspension central air conditioning, marking a crucial step for the industry in
                                establishing standards for energy-efficiency technology. The implementation of this
                                standard not only set a higher energy-efficiency threshold for the industry but also
                                guided the market toward greener, more energy-saving technologies, helping users
                                make informed decisions on high-efficiency solutions.

                                The Company strategically acquired PROFROID, a global brand in CO2 refrigerant
                                applications and HVAC/R, gaining access to its patented CO2 HVAC technologies.
                                With a Global Warming Potential (GWP) of just 1, CO2 is the industry’s most
                                environmentally friendly refrigerant option. This acquisition has proactively secured our
                                leading technological position amid the industry’s transition to new refrigerants. The
                                Company launched the industry’s first large-scale AI multi-split system. Built on a
                                “chip + algorithm + scenario” architecture, it achieved 15% in operational energy
                                savings and 30% in comprehensive energy savings. The revolutionized use of
                                Bluetooth connectivity improved operations and maintenance efficiency by 50%. The
                                system’s single-unit capacity reached an industry-leading 48 HP, which reduced
                                equipment usage by approximately 10%. The product also received the “Innovative
                                Product Award” at the China Refrigeration Expo.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   51

                                                                                             Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   IV.   Business Operation Analysis (continued)
         (III)   Smart HVAC (continued)
                 (2) Smart Building Business (continued)
                     In the domestic market, despite an approximate 7.3% overall decline in the central air
                     conditioning industry, the Company achieved growth by strategically transforming from
                     an equipment supplier into an integrated solution provider for equipment and
                     services.

                      We collaborated with key resource partners, including design institutes and industry
                      associations, to provide systematic and customized energy solutions as we shifted
                      from selling single pieces of equipment to providing full-lifecycle services. For
                      example, in Asia-Pacific Plaza project in Zhengzhou, third-party testing of the installed
                      Haier AI IoT multi-split systems showed a comprehensive energy saving rate of
                      29.21% compared to conventional multi-split systems. This result clearly
                      demonstrated the energy-saving effects and practical value of Haier AI multi-split
                      systems as a trustworthy solution for users.

                      The Company actively expanded into specialized markets including smart
                      manufacturing, rail transit, data centers, precision electronics, and high-efficiency
                      equipment rooms, establishing professional reputation in these vertical markets. To
                      address the high-density heat dissipation challenges from AI computing in data
                      centers, where single-rack power could exceed 100kW, we achieved a strategic
                      breakthrough by leveraging core magnetic and air suspension technology,
                      collaborating closely with leading internet companies to co-develop industry-first
                      innovations, such as the “Magnetic Levitation Natural Cooling Unit Module” and the
                      “Magnetic Levitation Dual-Source Integrated Cooling Source”, which supported both
                      air and liquid cooling. Through redesigning the cooling architecture with integrated
                      magnetic levitation and natural cooling technologies, these solutions achieved energy
                      savings of over 50%, reduced the equipment floor area by 30%, and enabled rapid
                      30-day delivery through modular prefabrication, offering groundbreaking solutions for
                      high-density computing centers.

                      In overseas markets, we accelerated business development by enhancing specialized
                      solutions, strengthening localized operations, and diversifying distribution channels.
52   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
           IV.    Business Operation Analysis (continued)
                  (III)   Smart HVAC (continued)
                          (2) Smart Building Business (continued)
                              We maintained a high-end strategy, building a competitive edge with our highly
                              efficient magnetic levitation products and new-refrigerant multi-split systems. In
                              Southeast Asia, our magnetic levitation solutions consistently secured data center
                              projects, increasing our market share and building a professional reputation with
                              clients. In Europe, our multi-split systems have successfully entered the high-end
                              market by offering specialized solutions that are smart, energy-efficient, comfortable,
                              and convenient. In the U.S., our comprehensive product line featuring multi-voltage
                              outdoor units and diverse indoor unit options effectively met the needs of local users.

                                To strengthen our local competitiveness, we have increased the number of
                                professionals stationing overseas to deliver exceptional user experience. We have
                                incentivized teams to secure high-value orders, improve operational efficiency and
                                market responsiveness, while responding rapidly to user needs.

                                The Company expanded distribution network by making investments in centralized
                                procurement, professional distributors, and engineering projects for our various
                                product lines. The acquisition of KLIMA KFT, a leading HVAC distributor in Hungary,
                                has enabled us to build an extensive network and enhance our professional solution
                                capabilities across Central and Eastern Europe, accelerating growth in the region.

                          (3)   Water Solution Business
                                In 2025, China’s water appliance market became highly segmented, influenced the
                                national subsidy policy. While the water heater market faced significant headwinds
                                from the real estate downturn, the water appliance sector evolved as consumers
                                shifted from single devices to whole-house quality water systems, and from basic
                                functionality to health-conscious experiences. Navigating this complex environment,
                                our Water Solution Business centered its strategy on becoming a whole-house water
                                solutions provider for all home scenarios. It developed systematic strategies across
                                three key areas: product positioning, channel efficiency, and global synergy.
                                According to GfK CMM, domestic market share went up by 3.2 percentage points to
                                32.5% offline and 46.9% online, up 2.1 percentage points.

                                In response to profound industry changes, the Company has been guided by cutting
                                edge technology and user insight, delivering leading product breakthroughs by
                                capitalizing on key trends, including mineral-rich water, health-conscious washing, and
                                Level 1 energy efficiency.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   53

                                                                                             Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   IV.   Business Operation Analysis (continued)
         (III)   Smart HVAC (continued)
                 (3) Water Solution Business (continued)
                     1.   Advancing health-conscious innovation. In the water purification market, mineral-
                          rich technology has quickly gained popularity. Our advancements in
                          mineralization technology increased the sales share of mineral-rich water purifiers
                          by 20 percentage points. Specifically, Casarte’s third-generation ore activation
                          technology, which offered an “eight-in-one mineral” effect, captured the top
                          market share in the RMB7,000+ price segment and earned the industry’s CCLC
                          premium mineral water certification, resulting in a revenue growth for Casarte’s
                          water purification by over 15%. The Haier Fresh Water 8-Year Long-Life series
                          featuring a long-lasting RO membrane, gained significant online traction and sold
                          over 100,000 units, ranking first in the RMB2,500–3,000 price segment. In the
                          water heater sector, “beauty and health washing” emerged as a new premium
                          market. The Haier “Little Blue Bottle” series has upgraded three times in three
                          years. The 3.0 model addressed water hardness and bacterial growth with built-
                          in limescale inhibitors and antibacterial modules. After its launch in August
                          2025, over 10,000 units were sold in just 28 hours, securing the top share in
                          the mid-to-high-end market.

                      2.    Integrating scenarios to boost share of whole-house water solution suites. In the
                            point-of-entry water purification market, rising demand for whole-house
                            purification made mid-to-high-end products like water softeners and central
                            purifiers key growth drivers. The Company introduced scenario-based solutions
                            such as the “Whole-House Hot Water Golden Triangle”, “Smart Bathroom” and
                            Haier’s whole-house smart water solution suite (pre-filter, central purifier, water
                            softener, point-of-use purifier, and water heater) to address the demand for
                            one-stop water solutions.

                      3.    Upgrading Energy Efficiency. Guided by a forward-looking technology strategy,
                            Casarte has developed a proprietary, aerospace-grade centrifugal atomization
                            technology that achieves 100% outdoor discharge of condensation. The new
                            Casarte CV6 Ultra series featuring this Level 1 energy-efficient technology has
                            sold 60,000 units, boosting the sales share of our Level 1 energy-efficient
                            products.
54   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
           IV.    Business Operation Analysis (continued)
                  (III)   Smart HVAC (continued)
                          (3) Water Solution Business (continued)
                              In the domestic market, the Company responded to channel diversification by
                              creating trending events like the ‘Harbin Snow Water Tea Brewing Experience’ and
                              partnering with Key Opinion Consumers (KOCs) on nationwide co-creation projects.
                              This approach enhanced direct communication between our leadership and users,
                              boosted fan engagement across all platforms, and led to higher conversion rates.
                              While reinforcing our edge in general e-commerce, we also increased investment in
                              content-driven platforms, achieving over 60% growth on Douyin and Kuaishou. To
                              address the large number of outdated products in lower-tier markets, we transformed
                              township franchised stores into “trade-in service stations”. Our salespersons
                              conducted in-home visits to offer free water quality testing and replacement services,
                              trade-in sales accounted for 40–50% of total revenue.

                                In overseas markets, the Company advanced its three-tiered global strategy of
                                localized brand building, product customization, and strategic M&A, to deliver strong
                                performance across all regions.

                                In brand-building markets such as Spain, we focused on product competitiveness to
                                achieve industry leadership in energy efficiency and noise reduction. Our heat pump
                                category ranked in the Top 2 with a price index over 100, marking a successful entry
                                into the mid-to-high-end segment. In customization-focused markets like Australia,
                                close client collaboration and R&D synergy propelled our heat pump shipments into
                                the Top 5. By securing orders through exceptional platform experience and offering
                                tailored solutions, the customization market segment grew by 300% during the
                                period.

                                In 2025, the Company completed the acquisition and integration of Kwikot, South
                                Africa’s leading water heater manufacturer, achieving significant synergies across
                                technology, products, and channels.

                                •      Technology: A localized R&D center was established in South Africa to introduce
                                       our smart and energy-saving technologies, improving the Company’s margin by
                                       nearly 2 percentage points through process optimization.

                                •      Products: Leveraging supply chain integration, we expanded the portfolio from
                                       electric water heaters into new energy products like solar water heaters,
                                       positioning Kwikot as a leader in Integrated HVAC Solutions.

                                •      Channels: We utilized the “Haier + Kwikot” dual-brand synergy to integrate offline
                                       networks and enhance e-commerce and engineering channel layouts, using
                                       South Africa as a beachhead to penetrate the broader Southern African market.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   55

                                                                                             Business Review




III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
   IV.   Business Operation Analysis (continued)
         (IV)   Commercial Refrigeration Business
                2025 marked the first full fiscal year following the acquisition of Carrier Commercial
                Refrigeration (CCR) business. The business delivered better-than-expected performance,
                with overall revenue achieving double-digit growth in USD terms. The business has
                maintained positive growth for five consecutive quarters post-acquisition, driven primarily by
                high-quality organic growth. Cabinets accounted for over 60% of revenue, and the share of
                service-related revenue continued to rise, reflecting a continuous optimization of the
                business structure.

                At the operational level, the success of the integration was driven by the cross-border
                implementation of the “RenDanHeYi” management model. By decentralizing decision-
                making, adopting bottom-up goal setting, and implementing profit-sharing mechanisms, we
                effectively revitalized the organization. Digital transformation also played a pivotal role; we
                consolidated dozens of disparate ERP systems into a unified platform and implemented an
                independent “micro-enterprise” accounting model, significantly enhancing operational
                efficiency and P&L management.

                In terms of brand and business synergy, CCR leveraged our brand equity, customer
                networks, and the supply chain advantages of our Smart Building business to achieve cost
                and technical complementarities. Furthermore, the licensing of CO2 refrigeration and heat
                pump technologies has established a robust technological moat to address global carbon
                reduction trends.

IV. ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
    PERIOD
   The Company has built a robust strategic framework and durable competitive advantages across global
   markets. In China, the Company maintains full-category leadership in major home appliances.
   Internationally, its commitment to premium brand positioning has driven consistent share gains. The
   RenDanHeYi management model provides the organizational foundation for sustainable growth and
   enables the Company to replicate proven strategies across markets. Key competitive advantages
   include:

   (1)   Premium Brand Building Through Long-Term Investment
         Over a decade ago, the Company began building Casarte as a dedicated premium brand in
         China — a process requiring sustained investment in technology, product differentiation, and
         service. Casarte integrates the Company’s global R&D capabilities, manufacturing excellence,
         dedicated marketing, and premium service to earn the trust of China’s high-end consumers.
56   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     IV. ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
         PERIOD (continued)
           (1)    Premium Brand Building Through Long-Term Investment (continued)
                  During the reporting period, Casarte’s brand value reached RMB92.8 billion and its overall market
                  volume exceeded RMB38 billion, with a cumulative base of 20 million premium members.
                  According to GfK, Casarte maintained its leading position in China’s premium major home
                  appliance market in 2025: 43% market share in refrigerators priced above RMB10,000; 76% in
                  washing machines above RMB10,000; 18% in water heaters by offline retail revenue (No. 1 in the
                  industry); and 60.8% in air conditioners priced above RMB15,000.

           (2)    Deep Application of AI in Smart Home
                  The Company is advancing AI integration across its smart home ecosystem in three dimensions:

                  Software-defined products. Leveraging its comprehensive appliance portfolio, the Company is
                  driving 100% product intelligence, 100% user connectivity on its platform, and a 100% open
                  ecosystem, all powered by AI. As the only home appliance company featured at the Ministry of
                  Housing and Urban-Rural Development’s “Quality Housing Technology Exhibition,” the Company
                  demonstrated AI-powered smart scenarios integrating people, vehicles, homes, and communities.
                  This platform-centric approach enables near-instant responsiveness to user needs across
                  discovery, purchase, and after-sales touchpoints.

                  Unified global user access. Global smart home interactions reached 86.1 billion during the
                  period. In China and Belt and Road markets, the Haismart platform connects over 100 million
                  devices with monthly active users (MAU) exceeding 13 million and over 6,600 ecosystem
                  partners. In Australia, Europe, and the Americas, the SmartHQ platform connects over 21 million
                  active devices with MAU exceeding 5 million and over 6,500 ecosystem partners.

                  Unified AI core capabilities. The Company launched the Xiaoyou AI Agent, a multimodal
                  assistant with voice comprehension, visual recognition, environmental sensing, and contextual
                  reasoning capabilities, and began exploring spatial intelligence. Four domain-specific AI models
                  were released — covering freshness preservation, fabric care, cooking, and air management —
                  to deliver professional smart living solutions. The Company’s smart home app now features a 3D
                  home view and became the first in the domestic industry to receive 3D digital twin interaction
                  certification, enabling an immersive, spatially aware user experience.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   57

                                                                                          Business Review




IV. ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
    PERIOD (continued)
   (3)   Extensive Global Footprint and Localized Operations
         The Company’s international strategy combines proprietary brand building with strategic M&A,
         establishing a multi-brand, multi-category, multi-regional operating model with integrated R&D,
         manufacturing, and marketing capabilities. Deeply localized teams and agile management
         structures in each market enable rapid consumer insight and responsiveness.

         During the reporting period, the Company continued to optimize its global manufacturing
         footprint. In Southeast Asia, the new air conditioning plant in Chon Buri, Thailand, commenced
         production with annual capacity of 6 million units. GE Appliances improved efficiency across all
         U.S. factories while advancing production transfers and greenfield projects globally. Fisher &
         Paykel relocated freestanding refrigerator production from Thailand to China. The Company
         operates a 10+N global innovation ecosystem, multiple manufacturing centers and marketing
         hubs, and an extensive sales network worldwide.

   (4)   Comprehensive Multi-Brand Portfolio
         Through organic development and acquisitions, the Company has assembled a seven-brand
         portfolio — Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher & Paykel, and AQUA — each
         positioned to serve distinct consumer segments across global markets. In China, Casarte, Haier,
         and Leader address premium, mainstream, and value segments, respectively. In the U.S., GE
         Appliances operates six brands — Monogram, Café, GE Profile, GE, Haier, and Hotpoint —
         spanning all price tiers and consumer preferences. The brand matrix was further enriched with
         CCR in commercial refrigeration and Kwikot in African water heating.

   (5)   Cross-Border M&A and Integration Capabilities
         The Company has a proven track record in cross-border acquisitions and post-merger
         integration: Haier Group’s overseas white goods business (including Sanyo’s Japan and
         Southeast Asia operations) in 2015, GE Appliances in 2016, Fisher & Paykel in 2018, Candy in
         2019, and CCR and Kwikot in 2024.

         During the reporting period, CCR integration delivered strong early results: the business turned
         profitable in its first quarter post-closing, with global revenue growth outpacing the industry and
         China revenue growing at multiples of industry rates. On the organizational front, the
         RenDanHeYi model and ERP system integration were successfully completed, establishing a full
         end-to-end P&L accountability structure.

         The Company’s integration approach rests on three pillars. First, the RenDanHeYi model — an
         incentive mechanism aligning team value-sharing with value creation — energizes acquired
         organizations and their people. Second, the Company’s global platform enables synergies in
         strategy, R&D, and procurement, strengthening acquired businesses’ competitiveness. Third, the
         Company’s open and inclusive culture supports autonomous, flexible management at acquired
         entities, fostering alignment and accelerating integration outcomes.
58   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     IV. ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
         PERIOD (continued)
           (6)    Global Synergies and Platform Leverage
                  The Company harnesses its global platform to replicate proven strategies and drive cross-
                  regional synergies across the value chain:

                  •      Product synergies: Leveraging global R&D resources to co-develop products aligned with
                         local consumer preferences. During the period, GE Appliances launched the Profile & Café
                         shallow-depth refrigerator and Monogram wine storage; Fisher & Paykel introduced the
                         Series 11 ultra-premium heat-pump washer-dryer; and Southeast Asia adopted global
                         platform products, with T-door and TM refrigerator volumes up and front-load washer
                         volumes up.

                  •      Capability synergies: A unified engineering talent development program (GEDP), conducted
                         at both the Qingdao headquarters and GE Appliances, is producing a growing cohort of
                         high-caliber young engineers who are becoming core contributors to product development
                         teams. The Company is also adopting advanced automotive-industry development tools and
                         design methodologies to enhance development precision and product quality.

                  •      Design synergies: A globally coordinated industrial design system, centered on user
                         experience and brand identity, enables cross-regional design collaboration. During the
                         period, the headquarters design team supported a comprehensive brand refresh for Candy,
                         and the New Candy series achieved immediate success at launch — ranking No. 1 on
                         Spain’s Hitlist and top three in Italy — with a meaningful uplift in Candy’s price index.

                  •      Procurement synergies: A Global Procurement Committee coordinates cross-category and
                         cross-regional sourcing through a digital platform, aggregating group-level shared
                         categories to achieve cost savings at scale. Standardized rules and differentiated sourcing
                         strategies ensure efficiency and risk mitigation across the global supply chain.

                  •      Supply chain synergies: An end-to-end digital supply chain management system — from
                         market demand through supplier management, production, and logistics — uses intelligent
                         algorithms to dynamically optimize global capacity allocation. During the period, GE
                         Appliances completed production transfers for air conditioning and refrigeration lines; Fisher
                         & Paykel shifted Mexico factory capacity to Thailand for cost optimization; and European
                         refrigerator and laundry plants in Romania and Italy were closed, with capacity fully
                         consolidated in China.

                  •      Marketing and brand synergies: The Company operates a multi-tier global brand portfolio
                         with coordinated promotion strategies. During the period, a sports-marketing-led approach
                         was deployed globally: in Europe, the Haier brand partnered with Liverpool F.C. and Paris
                         Saint-Germain, combining tennis for premium audiences with football for mass reach; in
                         South Asia, cricket sponsorships boosted brand affinity; in Australia and New Zealand, the
                         Australian Open partnership accelerated brand awareness. Successful sales and marketing
                         models from China’s lower-tier markets have been replicated in India, Pakistan, and
                         Thailand.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   59

                                                                                           Business Review




IV. ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
    PERIOD (continued)
   (7)   Industry-Leading R&D and Technology
         Backed by a comprehensive, industry-leading R&D infrastructure, the Company advances high-
         end, intelligent, and sustainable product solutions while delivering customized smart living
         experiences.

         •    Proprietary technology leadership: During the period, the Company continued to introduce
              category-defining innovations: MSA nitrogen-oxygen freshness technology in refrigeration
              (99%+ nutrient retention after seven days); three-drum zoned fabric care and heat-pump
              washer-dryer technology; “Crystal Tank” zero-corrosion water heater technology with PCC
              mineral infusion; and “AI Vision” technology enabling intelligent recognition in range hoods
              and ovens.

         •    National-level recognition: As of year-end 2025, the Company had received 17 National
              Science and Technology Progress Awards — the most in the industry. During the reporting
              period, multiple proprietary projects received provincial and ministerial-level first prizes for
              science and technology progress.

         •    Patent leadership: As of year-end 2025, the Company had filed over 112,000 patent
              applications globally, of which more than 73,000 were invention patents (over 60% of total).
              Haier Smart Home has ranked No. 1 globally on the “Global Smart Home Invention Patent
              Ranking” for 14 consecutive editions.

         •    International standards leadership: As of year-end 2025, the Company had led or
              participated in the publication of over 110 international standards and over 788 national/
              industry standards. It is the only company in the sector to fully cover IEC, ISO, IEEE, OCF,
              and Matter smart home standards, and the only company globally to serve on both the IEC
              CB (Conformity Board) and IEC MSB (Market Strategy Board), enabling deep participation
              in shaping international standards.

         •    Design excellence: The Company has received over 600 international design awards,
              including iF and Red Dot, with six international Gold awards — the most in the industry. It
              holds three China Ministry of Industry and Information Technology “Excellent Industrial
              Design Gold Awards” — the only company to achieve a three-time Gold streak.
60   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     IV. ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
         PERIOD (continued)
           (8)    Industry-Leading Logistics and Delivery Capabilities in China
                  Haier’s RRS (Ri Ri Shun) supply chain demonstrates strong competitive advantages through full-
                  process, multi-scenario supply chain management and a nationwide delivery-and-installation
                  network. Powered by digital operations, the Company integrates warehousing, transportation, and
                  service resources into a logistics network reaching every village in China.

                  During the reporting period, the Company accelerated digital inventory management and unified-
                  warehouse (TC model) transformation. On the supply chain side, upgraded demand forecasting
                  and automated replenishment models reduced Haier’s central warehouse inventory turnover days.
                  The unified-warehouse TC model now covers 22,000 clients, processing an average of 100,000
                  units per day. Direct-to-consumer orders account for 57% of total volume, with 24-hour delivery
                  coverage across 1,944 districts and counties and a delivery-and-installation-in-one rate of 97%.

                  RRS is also transitioning from customized client solutions to standardized, scalable supply chain
                  products for omni-channel needs, deepening strategic client relationships and improving solution
                  profitability. Internationally, the Company is building a digital cross-border supply chain platform
                  covering intermodal logistics, digital customs clearance, and localized warehousing to support
                  global client expansion.

           (9)    Sustainability Capabilities
                  Robust ESG governance and strategic focus. The Company has established an ESG
                  governance framework with deep board-level engagement and management-level execution
                  accountability. During the reporting period, a double materiality assessment was conducted to
                  systematically evaluate how ESG topics affect both business performance and stakeholder
                  interests, ensuring alignment between ESG strategy and core business priorities.

                  Systematic stakeholder engagement. The Company maintains regular, multi-channel
                  communication with investors, customers, employees, communities, and suppliers through ESG
                  briefings, surveys, and interviews, integrating substantive feedback into ESG target-setting and
                  performance improvement. During the period, the Company surveyed 1,543 consumers and
                  1,017 employees, and conducted in-depth interviews with 28 representatives from 20 global
                  institutional investors — informing the identification of key ESG topics, strategy development, and
                  disclosure practices.

                  Climate ambition and action. During the reporting period, the Company established and
                  disclosed medium- and long-term carbon targets, committing to low-carbon transformation
                  across both its own operations and the broader value chain. The publication of the Haier Smart
                  Home Carbon Neutrality White Paper outlines a clear roadmap, key initiatives, and technology
                  pathways toward carbon neutrality.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   61

                                                                                           Business Review




IV. ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
    PERIOD (continued)
     (9)   Sustainability Capabilities (continued)
           Innovative green supply chain. The Company has built an industry-leading “6-Green” supply
           chain framework — green design, green procurement, green manufacturing, green logistics, green
           recycling, and green services — embedding sustainability across the full product lifecycle and
           driving green transformation throughout the supply chain.

           Global community impact. The Company actively fulfills its corporate citizenship responsibilities
           worldwide through education support, disaster relief, and community service, strengthening ties
           with local communities and reinforcing brand trust.

           In summary, the Company has deeply integrated ESG into governance, operations, and its value
           chain — managing material risks while building sustainable competitive advantages that create
           long-term value for shareholders and broader stakeholders.

     (10) Commitment to “People Value First”
           The principle of “People Value First” has guided Haier since its founding — from early self-
           managed work teams to the current RenDanHeYi model. RenDanHeYi aligns individual incentives
           with user value creation: “Ren” represents entrepreneurial employees, “Dan” represents user
           value, and “HeYi” represents the alignment between the two. Under this framework, the
           Company cultivates an ownership mindset at every level, empowering individuals to act as
           entrepreneurs within an open ecosystem platform — driving innovation and accountability in
           pursuit of the Company’s ambition to lead the global smart home industry in the IoT era.

V.   DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY OF THE COMPANY
     In an era defined by AI transformation and increasing consumer influence, Haier Smart Home is
     evolving from a global leader in major home appliances to a platform-based, service-oriented, user-
     centric technology ecosystem enterprise. To realize this long-term vision, we have established a
     strategic framework centered on “One Channel, Two Platforms, and Six Core Capabilities”. This
     framework is designed to drive comprehensive change, strengthen our core competencies, foster new
     avenues for growth, and ensure sustainable, high-quality development.

     One Channel: Haier Smart Home
     We are positioning the smart home business as our primary global competitive advantage. Focusing on
     this core channel, we are transforming our business, service, sales, and market operations from end to
     end. Our goal is to provide users with comprehensive, scenario-based solutions that encompass smart
     appliances, smart homes, and smart living. By fully upgrading the Haier Smart Home App and our
     overseas SmartHQ platform, we are creating a unified portal for direct user engagement and seamless
     partner integration. This approach fosters efficient connections between users and ecosystem
     resources, accelerating the global adoption and market leadership of our smart home vision.
62   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     V.    DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY OF THE COMPANY (continued)
           Two Major Platforms: A comprehensive direct-to-consumer platform and a user lifecycle
           experience management platform
           The Company is committed to a thorough direct-to-customer transformation, reshaping our operations
           and customer relationships through the development of two platforms.

           The first is the comprehensive direct-to-consumer distributor platform. We are building a universal
           direct-to-consumer model, creating the shortest and most efficient path to directly connect with users.
           By developing digital capabilities in inventory, sales, transactions, and logistics, we are establishing a
           direct factory-to-customer channel, which reduces intermediate steps, eases financial and inventory
           burdens for our distributors, and improves inventory turnover. The platform serves as a hub for
           optimizing business processes like product planning and policy creation, while synchronizing
           information across logistics and service networks, resulting in greater operational efficiency, streamlined
           process for distributors, and a superior, integrated delivery and installation experience for users.

           The second is the user lifecycle experience management platform. This platform consolidates user data
           to provide continuous service and support throughout the entire customer journey. By collecting and
           analyzing user data, we can respond to user needs in real-time, deliver targeted services, and
           transform one-time transactions into lasting, trust-based relationships.

           Six Core Capabilities:
           Centered on the principle of user-centric management, the Company is systematically developing six
           strategic capabilities: Globalization, Premiumization, Digitalization, Smart Technology, Ecosystem
           Development, and Green Initiatives. These pillars provide a solid foundation for our sustainable
           development.

           In terms of globalization, the Company is committed to global brand-building. We have established a
           global presence not only for our brands and products but also by standardizing ten major capabilities
           worldwide, including sales, marketing, service, logistics, procurement, R&D, manufacturing, finance,
           human resources, and IT. This comprehensive strategy ensures leading product competitiveness, rapid
           market responsiveness, and efficient governance. Our goal is to be a leader in business scale, product
           innovation, and operational efficiency in every market we serve.

           In terms of premiumization, we are committed to a high-end brand strategy, rooted in localized global
           R&D and feedback-driven innovation to consistently launch best-selling products worldwide. By
           focusing on original product technology, refining our product suites, upgrading experience centers, and
           optimizing our direct-to-consumer service model, we strengthen our brand influence and solidify a
           leading price position in the market.

           For digitalization, the Company implements a comprehensive, user-centric digital transformation to
           enhance operational efficiency and end-to-end user experience. By digitizing the entire processes of
           R&D, manufacturing, marketing, and service, we continuously optimize key performance indicators such
           as model efficiency, material utilization, and production efficiency. This enables our transition from
           experience-based management to data-driven operations.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   63

                                                                                             Business Review




V.   DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY OF THE COMPANY (continued)
     Six Core Capabilities: (continued)
     For smart technology, we are committed to the comprehensive application of AI. By leveraging our
     Smart Home Brain and Uhome large model, we are evolving beyond individual smart products to
     deliver intelligent, scenario-based experiences. We use AI as a core engine to build an end-to-end
     marketing system and foster effective human-machine collaboration in R&D, manufacturing, and
     service, making smart technology a core driver for enhancing user experience and corporate efficiency.

     Regarding ecosystem development, the Company is building an open ecosystem to offer users one-
     stop services for daily life, including clothing, food, housing, and entertainment. By expanding our
     network of resource partners, we are transforming the smart home from a physical space filled with
     appliances into a comprehensive ecosystem that addresses a full range of service scenarios.

     For green initiatives, we integrate ESG principles into our corporate governance and are committed to
     carbon reduction across the entire product lifecycles. As the highest-rated company in our domestic
     industry by MSCI ESG, we view sustainable and low-carbon development as a critical strategy
     component, not a cost. We systematically implement green practices in product design, manufacturing
     (including energy optimization and the use of recycled materials), and related industries like large-scale
     HVAC and recycling to continuously strengthen our environmental competitiveness.

VI. BUSINESS PLAN
     2026 marks a critical year in the execution of the Company’s medium-term strategy. Priorities center
     on deepening the smart home ecosystem, completing the rollout of the DTC platform and user
     lifecycle management platform, and strengthening core capabilities in premiumization, globalization,
     digitalization, and ecosystem development.

     Business Divisions: Sustained Leadership, Accelerated Expansion
     We will sustain global leadership in refrigeration, laundry care, and kitchen appliances through
     continued technology-led differentiation. At the same time, we are accelerating the buildout of our
     HVAC business, integrating residential air conditioning, commercial building solutions, and water
     solutions into a unified platform spanning technology, supply chain, manufacturing, and distribution.
     Starting from real consumer needs, this business will offer integrated low-carbon energy solutions
     across design, installation, maintenance, and energy management — and is expected to become a
     meaningful contributor to the Company’s growth.

     Having completed its post-acquisition integration into Haier Smart Home, the CCR business has
     entered a new phase of efficient growth. In 2026, CCR will draw on its exclusive CO2 refrigeration
     technology license, shared R&D resources, and digital efficiency gains — alongside ongoing global
     expansion — to deliver stronger revenue growth and further operating margin improvement.
64   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     VI. BUSINESS PLAN (continued)
           Business Divisions: Sustained Leadership, Accelerated Expansion (continued)
           Looking further ahead, we are pursuing a vision of zero-effort housework through group intelligence
           that connects home appliances with service robots. Through proprietary R&D, partnerships, and
           strategic investments, we will increase our commitment to home robotics — leveraging our strengths in
           home-scenario data, appliance-level task coordination, and precision manufacturing — to deliver
           products that understand the home and can act on it.

           China: Full-Scale Consumer-Centric Transformation
           Channel network upgrade. We plan to open over 3,000 new specialty stores in county and township
           markets and upgrade more than 6,000 existing locations into integrated experience centers. An
           additional 1,000 Smart Kitchen experience stores will shift the in-store model from product display to
           lifestyle-driven presentation, with the aim of increasing bundled purchases.

           Operating model transformation. We will complete the rollout of our DTC model, targeting 100%
           direct delivery to end consumers in 2026— further reducing handling steps, optimizing inventory,
           lowering channel costs, and improving overall efficiency.

           AI-driven product innovation. Our AI Vision platform is driving home appliances toward proactive,
           autonomous service. In 2026, we will launch next-generation smart appliances equipped with AI Vision
           2.0, enabling machines to perceive their environment — identifying ingredients, anticipating laundry
           color-bleeding risks — bringing us closer to truly hands-free home management.

           Expanding premium reach. Casarte will deepen its presence in Tier 1–3 cities with 100 new
           experience centers and 300 flagship stores, increasing the proportion of bundled-set sales and
           reinforcing our premium market leadership.

           Overseas: Deepening Localization Across Global Markets
           Developed markets. In North America and Europe, we will transition from single-product penetration
           to integrated solutions and deeper brand engagement, leveraging our multi-brand portfolio to expand
           coverage while building B2B capabilities for commercial applications.

           Emerging markets. We will deepen local manufacturing and premium brand-building, combining global
           coordination with local agility. Accelerated capacity deployment and full-lifecycle service offerings are
           expected to drive gains in both share and profitability.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   65

                                                                                          Business Review




VII. POTENTIAL RISKS OF THE COMPANY
   1.   Risk of decreasing market demand due to macroeconomic slowdown. Sales of white goods and
        home appliances exhibit inherent cyclicality tied to discretionary consumer spending patterns and
        their expectations of future disposable income growth. Economic downturn will reduce consumer
        spending and cause headwinds to industry growth. In addition, the persistent sluggish property
        market will also indirectly affect market demand for home appliances negatively.

   2.   Risk of price war caused by intensified industry competition. As the industry concentration level
        has continued to increase in recent years, the white goods industry is highly competitive with
        persistent commoditization pressures across core product categories. However, the increase in
        inventory levels in specific verticals due to demand-supply imbalance may lead to price wars.
        Furthermore, rapid technological development, scarcity of talent in the industry, shortened
        product life cycles, and the relative ease of copycatting increase the difficulty of maintaining
        margin levels. Nevertheless, new products, services and technologies are often associated with
        higher selling prices. The Company will actively invest more in R&D to sustain the product roll-
        out, attract more users through continuous innovation, and maintain our brand awareness.

   3.   Risk of fluctuations in raw material prices. The Company’s products and core components use
        metals such as steel, aluminium, and copper, as well as commodities such as plastics and
        foams. If raw material prices continue to increase, it will put certain pressure on production and
        operations. In addition, the Company relies on third-party manufacturers and suppliers for
        selected raw materials, components, and manufacturing equipment. Any disruption in the supply
        chain or significant price increases will hurt the Company’s business. As a leader in the industry,
        the Company will take actions and have contingency plans, including volume and price
        adjustments mechanisms and hedging to reduce the volatility of raw material prices.

   4.   Operational risks in overseas markets. As evidenced by the growing share of revenue from overseas
        markets, the Company has expanded its global business to a certain extent and established
        production bases, R&D centres, and marketing centres in key international regions. Overseas
        markets are subject to political and economic events (including events such as military conflicts
        and wars), different legal systems and regulatory regimes of those countries and regions.
        Significant changes in these factors will pose particular risks to the Company’s local operations.
        The Company has taken various measures to mitigate the relevant impacts, including
        collaborating with suppliers and distributors, improving production efficiency to offset the selling
        expenses, potentially expanding the Company’s supply resources to other countries, and
        adopting safety measures to protect our employees and assets.

   5.   Risk of tariff increases. Potential tariff policies implemented and/or to be introduced by the U.S.
        and other major economies could negatively impact the existing supply chains of the industry and
        the global home appliance players. Higher tariffs would incur extra costs for export and import,
        reduce profit margins, weaken consumer sentiment and demand, and intensify market
        competition in target markets. The increasing uncertainties regarding tariff policies would force
        home appliance players to reevaluate their supply chain strategies and footprints, increase
        operational complexities and management costs. To cope with the potential tariff shocks, the
        Company will actively leverage its localised supply chain resources in respective markets, further
        optimise supply chain management, enhance production flexibilities, and strengthen regional
        manufacturing and collaboration capabilities.
66   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Business Review




     VII. POTENTIAL RISKS OF THE COMPANY (continued)
           6.     Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. In conjunction with the Company’s ongoing expansion of global
                  business operations, a material portion of its import/export transactions and cross-border
                  settlements are denominated in foreign currencies, including but not limited to the US Dollar
                  (USD), Euro (EUR), and Japanese Yen (JPY). If the exchange rates of these currencies fluctuate
                  to a certain extent, it will impact the Company’s financial performance and potentially increase
                  the economic costs. In addition, the Company’s consolidated financial statements are
                  denominated in Renminbi, while subsidiaries’ financial statements are measured and reported in
                  the local currencies where they operate. To mitigate these exposures, the Company maintains a
                  structured currency risk management program utilising authorised hedging instruments.

           7.     Risk of relevant policy changes. The home appliance industry is closely related to the consumer
                  market and the property market. Changes in macroeconomic policies, consumption and
                  investment policies, property policies, and relevant laws and regulations will affect demand, and
                  in turn, the sales of the Company. The Company will closely monitor changes in applicable
                  policies, rules, and regulations, and make forecasts of market changes to ensure the Company’s
                  further development.

           8.     Credit risk. There are possibilities that either the Company may be unable to collect all trade
                  receivables from its distributors, or the distributors are unable to settle the Company’s trade
                  receivables promptly. If that is the case, the Company’s business, financial status, and
                  operational performance may be affected negatively. To mitigate this risk, the Company will
                  maintain flexibility by offering a credit period of 30 to 90 days to certain distributors based on
                  their credit history and transaction amount.

           9.     Inventory risk. Excess inventory may occur because the Company cannot always accurately predict
                  trends and events, which can lead to suboptimal inventory levels. Therefore, the Company may
                  be forced to offer discounts or promotions to accelerate the slow-moving inventory in these
                  extreme cases. On the other hand, an inventory shortage may lead to a loss of revenue. The
                  Company will actively manage its inventory and adjust levels according to market demand
                  movements, in addition to the regular impairment tests.

           10.    Capital expenditure risk. In the current macroeconomic environment characterised by a slowing
                  global economy and declining consumer demand, the existing production capacities may
                  overwhelm the market in extreme cases. This could lead to a low utilisation rate across the
                  industry, which in turn would lower profitability and ROEs. The Company will actively manage the
                  changes in the macroeconomic environment by forecasting and recalibrating market demand
                  trends, optimising capacity footprint, and improving existing utilisation rate, to minimise capital
                  expenditure risks.
                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   67

                                                       FINANCIAL REVIEW



In 2025, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB302,329 million, representing an increase of
5.7% from RMB286,005 million (restated) in 2024. The profit for the year attributable to owners of the
Company was RMB19,553 million, representing an increase of 4.39% from RMB18,731 million (restated) in
2024.

1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT
       Items                                              2025                 2024                 Change
                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M                       %
                                                                          (Restated)


       Revenue
       Household Food Storage and
          Cooking Solutions
       — Refrigerator/Freezers                           84,763               83,556                      1.4
       — Kitchen Appliances                              41,538               41,184                      0.9
       Air Solutions                                     54,391               49,617                      9.6
       Household Laundry Management
          Solutions                                      65,565                63,320                    3.5
       Household Water Solutions                         17,964                16,175                   11.1
       Other Businesses                                 136,367              118,631                    15.0
       Inter-segment eliminations                       (98,259)              (86,478)                  13.6


       Consolidated revenue                             302,329              286,005                      5.7
       Adjusted operating profit*                        20,504               20,410                      0.5
       Profit for the year attributable to owners
         of the Company                                  19,553               18,731                    4.39
       Earnings per share attributable to ordinary
         equity holders of the Company
        Basic
        — Profit for the year                               2.12                 2.02                     5.0


        Diluted
        — Profit for the year                               2.10                 2.02                     4.0
68   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           The following table summarises the Group’s revenue by geographical location for the periods
           indicated:


                                                                                      2025                     2024                    Change
                                                                                    RMB’M                   RMB’M                          %
                                                                                                          (Restated)


               China                                                               146,537                   142,191                         3.1
               Other countries/regions                                             155,792                   143,814                         8.3


               Total                                                               302,329                   286,005                         5.7

           *       Adjusted operating profit is defined as profit before tax less interest income and expenses, exchange gains or losses, investment
                   gains or losses, gain on disposal of subsidiaries, government grants and share of profits or losses of associates.


           As at 31 December 2025, the Group had overseas assets of RMB150,675 million, accounting for
           50.9% of the total assets. In 2025, the operating revenue and operating profit of the Group’s overseas
           assets amounted to RMB155,792 million and RMB6,811million respectively.

           In 2025, the Group’s revenue increased by 5.7% from approximately RMB286,005 million (restated) to
           RMB302,329 million. Revenue growth was driven by both domestic and international markets. In the
           domestic market, this growth resulted from a successful product strategy that involved user
           co-creation, improved user engagement through omni-channel direct outreach, and a significant digital
           transformation of inventory management. In overseas markets, revenue growth was driven by rapid
           expansion in emerging regions such as South Asia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Africa, as well
           as the enhanced integration of the acquired CCR and KWIKOT businesses.

           (1)     Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions
                   Revenue from the refrigerator/freezers increased by 1.4% from approximately RMB83,556 million
                   in 2024 to approximately RMB84,763 million in 2025. Building on its leading scale advantage, the
                   refrigerators/freezers division shifted its strategic focus to “quality growth”, leveraging its
                   “technology-to-blockbuster product transformation engine” and “digitally driven global
                   collaborative system” to achieve business growth.

                   Revenue from the kitchen appliances increased by 0.9% from approximately RMB41,184 million
                   in 2024 to approximately RMB41,538 million in 2025. Against a backdrop of macroeconomic
                   volatility and geopolitical trade challenges facing the global kitchen appliance industry, our
                   kitchen appliance business has demonstrated strong operational resilience and achieved business
                   growth by leveraging the ‘synergy of its global portfolio of premium brands’ and ‘enhanced local
                   operational capabilities’.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   69

                                                                                             Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     (2)   Air Solutions
           Revenue from the Air Solutions increased by 9.6% from approximately RMB49,617 million in
           2024 to approximately RMB54,391 million in 2025. As the home AC business continued to
           enhance its competitive edge through advancements in product technology, supply chain
           integration and channel model reforms, its growth potential is being fully realised, driving
           business expansion. The smart building industry deepened its layout of core technologies such
           as magnetic levitation, promoted strategic transformation and in-depth cultivation of scenarios in
           the domestic market, and accelerated the construction of localized organizations and
           differentiated solutions in overseas markets, achieving revenue growth.

     (3)   Household Laundry Management Solutions
           Revenue from Household Laundry Management Solutions increased by 3.5% from approximately
           RMB63,320 million in 2024 to approximately RMB65,565 million in 2025. Facing market
           challenges, the washing machine industry adhered to the strategy of “product innovation, channel
           co-creation, and multi-brand”, resulting in revenue growth.

     (4)   Household Water Solutions
           Revenue from Household Water Solutions increased by 11.1% from approximately RMB16,175
           million in 2024 to approximately RMB17,964 million in 2025. Facing the complex market
           environment, we take being a “provider of comprehensive home water resource solutions” as our
           strategic anchor in the water appliances industry, systematically deploying resources across three
           dimensions: product positioning, channel efficiency, and global collaboration, achieving business
           revenue growth.

     Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Company
     In 2025, the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB19,553
     million, representing an increase of 4.39% from approximately RMB18,731 million (restated) in 2024.

     Adjusted Operating Profit
     Adjusted operating profit was defined as profit before tax, net of interest income and expenses, net
     foreign exchange gains or losses, investment gains and losses (including dividend income from equity
     instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, return on investment in
     other financial assets), gains on disposal of subsidiaries, government grants and share of profits and
     losses of associates. By excluding these items, it is easier for the management and investors to
     compare the Group’s financial results over multiple periods and analyse the trends of its operations.

     Adjusted operating profit is used as a non-IFRS measure to evaluate the Group’s results of operations.
     This measure provides investors with valuable information of the Group’s ongoing operation
     performance because it reveals its business trends that may be obscured by the net effect of realized
     capital gains and losses, fair value changes on derivative financial instruments, gains and losses on
     disposal of operations and other significant non-recurring or unusual items.
70   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           Adjusted Operating Profit (continued)
           In 2025, the adjusted operating profit of the Group was approximately RMB20,504 million,
           representing an increase of 0.5% as compared to approximately RMB20,410 million (restated) in 2024.
           The increase in adjusted operating profit was mainly attributed to the growth of the Group’s profits
           across global markets.

           The following table sets forth the reconciliation between the Group’s adjusted operating profit and
           profit before tax prepared in accordance with IFRS in 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                     RMB’M               RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


              Profit before tax                                                       23,479              22,723
              Adjustments:
              Bank interest income                                                     (1,709)            (1,858)
              Foreign exchange (gains)/loss                                            (1,001)               119
              Government grants                                                        (1,316)            (1,336)
              Return on investments in other financial assets                            (160)               (69)
              Dividend income from an equity investment designated at fair
                value through other comprehensive income                                  (48)               (58)
              Finance costs                                                             2,587              2,705
              Share of profits or losses of associates                                 (1,328)            (1,816)


              Adjusted operating profit                                               20,504              20,410


           Gross Profit Margins
           In 2025, the overall gross profit margin of the Group was approximately 26.1%, decreased by 1.1
           percentage points year on year. Specifically, in the domestic market, the sustained price increases in
           commodities such as copper during the fourth quarter, coupled with the accelerated decline in industry
           average selling prices (ASP) resulting from intensifying competition, offset the cost reduction benefits
           derived from the Group’s ‘ultimate cost’ strategy and the seamless integration of end-to-end process
           nodes; consequently, the gross profit margin decreased year-on-year. In overseas markets, while
           product competitiveness is driven by localised demand, the advancement of global supply chain
           layouts, the establishment of digital platforms, and the implementation of the ultimate cost strategy
           yielded positive impacts, these were offset by adverse factors such as elevated tariffs, leading to a
           year-on-year decrease in gross profit margin.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   71

                                                                                            Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     Adjusted Operating Profit (continued)

     Selling and Distribution Expenses
     The ratio of selling and distribution expenses of the Group to its revenue was 11.2% in 2025, a
     decrease of 0.5 percentage points compared to 2024. In the domestic market, digital transformation
     was promoted. Specifically, the domestic market accelerated the implementation of the ‘Integrated
     Warehouse-to-C’ (To-C) model and sustained the digital transformation of marketing, optimising
     resource allocation while enhancing market ROI (return on investment). On the logistics front, the
     Group optimised its warehouse network layout and delivery routes, resulting in a year-on-year
     improvement in the ratio of selling and distribution expenses to segment revenue. In overseas markets,
     the Group drove retail innovation, integrated global resources, and enhanced operational efficiency,
     resulting in a year-on-year improvement in the segment’s selling and distribution expense ratio.

     Administrative Expenses
     The ratio of administrative expenses of the Group to its revenue was 8.4% in 2025, a decrease of 0.2
     percentage points compared to 2024, which was primarily attributable to the optimisation of business
     processes and the enhancement of operational efficiency in the domestic market, driven by the digital
     platform and AI empowerment.

2.   FINANCIAL POSITION
      Items                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


      Non-current assets                                                        142,962                138,622
      Current assets                                                            152,833                152,114
      Current liabilities                                                       142,545                149,926
      Non-current liabilities                                                    27,273                 22,008
      Net assets                                                                125,977                118,802
72   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Financial Review




     2.    FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
           Cash and Cash Equivalents and Wealth Management Products from Other Financial
           Assets
           As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s total balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth
           management products from other financial assets decreased by 14.3% from RMB55,741 million
           (restated) as at 31 December 2024 to RMB47,754 million as at 31 December 2025. The decrease was
           mainly due to the net cash inflows from operating activities being offset by the net cash outflows from
           investing and financing activities.


              Items                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                      (Restated)


              Cash and cash equivalents                                               46,268             54,995
              Wealth management products from other financial assets
              — Current portion                                                        1,486                746


              Total                                                                   47,754             55,741


           Net Assets
           The Group’s net assets increased by 6% from RMB118,802 million (restated) as at 31 December 2024
           to RMB125,977 million as at 31 December 2025. The increase in net assets was mainly due to profit
           contribution during the year.

           Working Capital
           Trade and Bills Receivables Turnover Days
           The Group’s trade and bills receivables turnover days as at the end of 2025 was 44 days,
           representing a decrease of 1 day as compared to the end of 2024, which was mainly due to the
           decrease in bills receivable during the current period.

           Inventory Turnover Days
           The Group’s inventory turnover days as at the end of 2025 was 74 days, representing an increase of
           1 day as compared to the end of 2024, which was mainly due to the increase in inventory size during
           the current period.

           Trade and Bills Payables Turnover Days
           The Group’s trade and bills payables turnover days as at the end of 2025 was 125 days, representing
           a decrease of 5 days as compared to the end of 2024, which was mainly due to the adjustment of
           payment strategy during the current period.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   73

                                                                                             Financial Review




3.   CASH FLOW ANALYSIS
       Items                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                               Note              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


       Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
         statement of cash flows at the beginning of the
         year                                                                     54,995                 56,715
       Net cash flow generated from operating activities                          26,003                 26,318
       Net cash flow used in investing activities               (a)              (17,075)               (20,079)
       Net cash flow used in financing activities               (b)              (17,671)                 (7,704)
       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                   16                    (255)


       Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
         statement of cash flows at the end
         of the year                                                              46,268                 54,995


     Net cash inflow from operating activities for the year amounted to RMB26,003 million. Net cash flow
     from operation activities to net profit for the year was 1.29.

     (a)   Net cash outflow from investing activities for the year amounted to RMB17,075 million, representing
           a decrease of 15% as compared to last year, with the details as follows:


            Items                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                 RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


            Payment for purchases of non-current assets                            (8,851)              (10,079)
            Purchase of wealth management products                                 (9,247)                (6,498)
            Net cash outflow for subsidiaries acquisition
               and disposal                                                           130                 (4,409)
            Cash from disposal of fixed assets and leasehold land                     118                     42
            Dividend from an associate                                                466                    579
            Interest received from wealth management products                         122                    136
            Net cash inflow from other investing activities                           187                    150


            Net cash flow used in investing activities                           (17,075)               (20,079)
74   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Financial Review




     3.    CASH FLOW ANALYSIS (continued)
           (b)    Net cash outflow in financing activities for the year amounted to RMB17,671 million, representing
                  an increase of 129.4% as compared to last year, with details as follows:


                     Items                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


                     Proceeds from borrowings                                          33,147             13,647
                     Repayment of borrowings                                          (31,629)            (9,569)
                     Repurchase of shares                                              (1,234)              (559)
                     Dividend paid to shareholders and
                       non-controlling interests                                      (11,579)            (7,537)
                     Interest paid                                                     (2,294)            (2,444)
                     Lease payment                                                     (1,801)            (1,709)
                     Cash payment for business combination
                       under common control                                               (78)                —
                     Change in ownership interests in subsidiaries                       (123)               255
                     Acquisition of non-controlling interests                          (2,192)                (16)
                     Net cash outflow from other financing activities                     112                228


                     Net cash flow used in financing activities                       (17,671)            (7,704)


     LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
     The Group focuses on cash flow management and has been able to maintain a healthy financial and liquidity
     position. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a current ratio of 1.1 (31 December 2024: 1).


       Items                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


       Cash and cash equivalents                                                       46,268             54,995
       Wealth management products from other financial assets                           1,486                746


                                                                                       47,754             55,741
       Less:
       Interest-bearing borrowings                                                    (36,382)           (33,793)


       Net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
         products from other financial assets                                          11,372             21,948
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   75

                                                                                                Financial Review




LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES (continued)
As at 31 December 2025, the wealth management products from other financial assets amounted to
RMB1,486 million as compared to RMB746 million in 2024.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
products from other financial assets amounted to RMB11,372 million (31 December 2024: RMB21,948
million (restated)), representing a decrease of 48.2% as compared to 2024, which was mainly due to an
increase in investment in debt instruments to boost returns on capital.

Among the cash and cash equivalents and the wealth management products from other financial assets
balance, approximately 54% was denominated in Renminbi and the remaining 46% was denominated in
Euro, Hong Kong dollars, U.S. dollars, New Zealand Dollars and other currencies.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings amounted to RMB36,382 million (31
December 2024: RMB33,793 million (restated)). For details of the interest-bearing borrowings, please refer to
financial statements.

In 2025, financial return of cash and cash equivalents and the return on wealth management products from
other financial assets amounted to RMB1,803 million, representing a decrease of 6.48% as compared to
RMB1,928 million (restated) in 2024, which was mainly affected by domestic interest rate cuts.

The Group will continue to maintain stable liquidity in its operations in 2025 to ensure meeting its working
capital requirements in the coming year, and also for constructing super factory, as well as maintaining the
financial flexibility for future strategic investment opportunities.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
As at the date of this report, the Group has not entered into any agreement with respect to material
investments or capital assets, nor does it have any other plans with respect to material investments or
capital assets. Nonetheless, if any potential investment opportunities arise in the future, the Company will
conduct a feasibility study and prepare an implementation plan to consider whether it is beneficial to the
Company and shareholders as a whole. Investment funds will be provided through the Company’s own or
external funds and debt financing.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES DURING THE
REPORTING PERIOD
As of 31 December 2025, the Group did not hold any significant investments. The Group did not make any
significant investments, material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during
the year ended 31 December 2025.
76   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Financial Review




     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM PLACEMENT OF SHARES
     On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with a placing agent for a placing of
     new H Shares of the Company under the general mandate. The Company intends to further strengthen its
     financial position through placing and utilising the net proceeds, mainly to support overseas business
     expansion and investment in ESG related areas. On 21 January 2022, the placing of shares had been
     completed. A total of 41,413,600 H Shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each have been placed to five
     placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected with
     the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price is HK$28.00 per H Share (whilst the closing
     price per H Share was HK$32.70 on 11 January 2022). The net price, based on estimated expense, is
     HK$27.77 per H Share.

     The gross proceeds and net proceeds from the placing amounted to approximately HK$1,159.58 million and
     approximately HK$1,149.98 million respectively. The net proceeds of the placing will be used as to (i) 70%
     for production capacity expansion of overseas industrial parks; (ii) 15% for investment in ESG
     (Environmental, Social, Governance) related areas; (iii) 10% for digitalization and upgrade of overseas
     industrial parks; and (iv) 5% for overseas channel expansion and promotion. The above use was consistent
     with the intended use of proceeds previously disclosed by the Company.

     Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 27 August 2024. In order to meet the ESG
     requirements and expectations of stakeholders for the Group as a responsible enterprise, and to better
     reflect the Group’s value on its business, the Group’s ESG-related work is in the internal upgrade stage of
     combining the Company’s strategy and operation management, and the relevant ESG projects are in the
     preparation and initiation stage. In view of the above considerations, the expected timeline of the unutilized
     net proceeds was extended to 31 December 2026, and the actual use of funds will depend on the specific
     implementation progress of the projects.

     Detailed breakdown and description of the net proceeds utilized during the year ended 31 December 2025
     are set out below:

                                                                             Amount of net
                                                                                   proceeds          Unutilized
                                                          Unutilized net     utilized during      net proceeds
                                                         proceeds as at          year ended               as at
                                                              1 January       31 December         31 December
                                                                    2025               2025               2025
                                                                  HK$’M               HK$’M             HK$’M


       Investments in ESG (Environmental,
         Social and Governance) related areas                       172.5                 1.7              170.8


                                                                    172.5                 1.7              170.8
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   77

                                                                                              Financial Review




CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
The Company assesses its capital expenditure and investments in each business segment of the Group in
China and the overseas home appliances and smart home business from time to time. The capital
expenditure during the year was RMB8,851 million (2024: RMB10,079 million (restated)), in which RMB4,597
million and RMB4,254 million was mainly used in China and overseas respectively for the construction of
plant and equipment, property rental expenses, and investment of information infrastructure.

GEARING RATIO
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio (defined as total borrowings (including interest-bearing
borrowings and lease liabilities) divided by net assets of the Group) was 33.8% (31 December 2024: 33.4%),
representing an increase of 0.4 percentage points which was mainly due to the issuance of medium-term
notes during the reporting period.

TREASURY POLICIES
The Group adopts a prudent approach for its cash management and risk control. Due to the global
presence of our business, our results of operations are affected by foreign exchange rate movements, both
on a transactional and translation basis.

The Group is primarily exposed to movements in the Renminbi, our reporting currency, against US dollar
and, to a lesser extent, Euro and Japanese Yen. The translational effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise
because the financial results of the Group’s subsidiaries are measured in the currency of the primary
economic environment in which they operate (its functional currency). The results of operations of our global
subsidiaries are, therefore, measured in currencies other than Renminbi and are then translated into
Renminbi for the presentation of our financial results in the consolidated financial statements. Consequently,
fluctuations in the applicable foreign currency exchange rates may increase or decrease the Renminbi value
of our non-Renminbi assets, liabilities, revenues and costs, even if their value has not changed in their local
functional currency.

The transactional effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise when one of the Group’s subsidiaries enters into
a sale or purchase transaction in a currency other than its functional currency. We conduct most of our
overseas businesses through localised procurement, manufacturing and sales, which gives us the advantage
to match costs and revenues along the value chain in the local markets in the same currency, creating a
natural hedge for some of the transactional risks. The Group also uses forward foreign exchange contracts
to mitigate its transactional exchange rate exposure.

CAPITAL COMMITMENT
The Group’s capital commitments contracted but not yet provided for amounted to RMB4,757 million as at
31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB5,920 million (restated)), which were mainly related to the
Group’s domestic and overseas factories construction projects.
78   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Financial Review




     CHARGE OF ASSETS
     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s buildings and leasehold land with a net carrying value of RMB32
     million (31 December 2024: Nil), the Group’s trade and bills receivables with a net carrying value of RMB38
     million (31 December 2024: RMB47 million (restated)), the Group’s other intangible assets amounting to
     RMB351 million (31 December 2024: RMB97 (restated)) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank
     loans. The Group’s bank loans are guaranteed by Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company,
     with amount RMBNil million as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB320 million).

     In addition, as at 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s bills payable were secured by the pledge of the
     Group’s bank deposits amounting to RMB1,085 million (31 December 2024: RMB484 million (restated)) and
     the Group’s bills receivable amounting to RMB1,196 million (31 December 2024: RMB5,068 million).

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     At the end of the reporting period, neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent
     liabilities.

     RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, REMUNERATION POLICY
     Under the management model of “RenDanHeYi”, the Company adheres to the remuneration concept of
     integrating user pay, value creation and value sharing. By providing employees with a short-, medium- and
     long-term remuneration incentive system combining labour income, surplus profit sharing and capital gain, as
     well as all-rounded welfare policies and employee caring schemes, the Company encourages employees to
     perform their duties with an entrepreneurial mindset, and align employee value with company value and
     shareholder value, so as to continuously improve user experience and create a win-win situation in the
     development of both the Company and its employees.

     The Company has established a wide range of multi-dimensional incentive mechanism and continues to
     implement the global incentive system covering both domestic and foreign employees to attract, motivate
     and stabilize the Company’s core talent.

     In addition, the Group has a thorough employee training and promotion mechanism that enables employees
     to continuously develop themselves.

     The total number of employees of the Group increased by 10.0% to 134,995 as at 31 December 2025 from
     122,733 as at 31 December 2024.

     There were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals as
     an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   79

                                                                                                Financial Review




RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The Group values its customers and suppliers as major partners and stakeholders. A healthy and
competitive partnership network is fundamental to the Group’s success.

In China, we serve our customers through a comprehensive omni-channel sales network consisting of offline
and online channels. Our offline sales and distribution network in China primarily consists of the following: (i)
our franchised stores and their extended sales network, (ii) national chain store retailors, (iii) regional chain
store retailors, and (iv) other sales channels selling to our business partners. We also offer our products
through online channels including: (i) directly selling to end-customers through our own Haier Smart Home
App or B2C platforms such as our flagship store on Tmall.com, and (ii) selling our products to B2B2C
channels such as JD.com.

All of our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores and online B2B2C platforms are
independent third parties. Our relationship with our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores
and online B2B2C platforms is in essence a buyer and seller relationship. They are our customers and they
do not act on our behalf when dealing with their respective end customers, and we have no management
control over their daily operations or their inventories level. Our franchisees, national chain stores, regional
chain stores and online B2B2C platforms place orders with us when and to the extent they deem
appropriate. We monitor their sales performance and provide marketing guidance to them. Based on their
sales performance, we may consider enhancing, weakening or even terminating our cooperation relationships
with our retailors and distributors. In general, our relationships with our major franchisees, national chain
stores, major regional chain stores and major online B2B2C platforms have remained stable. There was no
material non-compliance with the terms and conditions of our agreements with them.

North America and Europe are our two largest overseas markets and a substantial part of our overseas
sales are made through local retailors. We also sell our products through online channels. We have
established stable business relationship with our retailors and other customers. In the North America, we
have maintained good collaboration with them through various kinds of branding, sales, marketing and
promotion activities, which does not only enhance the sale of our products, but also promotes our brand
recognition among the consumers covering various demographical groups. In Europe, our principal sales
channels cover retail stores and e-commerce platforms. Similar to our approach in the North America, we
also strategically select our retailors in Europe based on various criteria including market share, market
positioning, and reputation of the customers, in order to maximise the reach of our products to consumers.
We maintain stable business relationship with our online and offline customers.

Through our information feedback system, customer feedback is sent to the suppliers in real time and is a
key part of the suppliers’ key performance indicator in their on-going evaluations. For overseas suppliers,
their performance is also closely monitored by the local teams in accordance with the requirements set forth
in the agreement, as well as the local customs.
80   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Financial Review




     RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS (continued)
     Prospective suppliers can register on our online platform. Once registered, a supplier will be vetted for its
     business, product quality, technical capabilities, and social responsibilities, among other criteria. Once a
     supplier has been approved, it is added to the pool of pre-qualified suppliers and becomes eligible to bid for
     the relevant orders from us. The orders are posted on our online platform and open to suppliers for bidding.
     We strive to make the bidding process transparent and fair for all of the participating suppliers. Once the bid
     is selected, the supplier will sign a contract with us and officially becomes our supplier. The suppliers’
     performance can be rated by the customers through the same online platform. Based on the customers’
     feedback, the system can automatically adjust and optimise the supply strategies.

     We typically seek to enter into long-term agreements with our strategic suppliers. For other suppliers, the
     agreements are generally renewed annually. The payment terms for our suppliers vary, but the typical
     payment period for suppliers is “3+6” in China, meaning that we serve our suppliers with banker’s
     acceptances with a term of six months after an initial credit period of three months. We typically do not
     have a fixed and standard payment period for suppliers in our overseas markets.

     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     According to the resolution of the 4th meeting of the 12th session of the Board of Directors of the
     Company held on 26 March 2026, the profit for the year is proposed to be distributed on the basis of the
     total number of shares on the record date after deducting the repurchased shares from the repurchased
     account. The Company declared cash dividend of RMB8.867 (including taxes) for every 10 shares to all
     shareholders.

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there were no material events that have occurred in the Group from
     the end of the reporting period and up to the date of this annual report.

     DIVIDENDS
     During November 2025, the Company distributed an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June
     2025 of RMB2.692 in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax), totalling RMB2,506,684,210.62.

     The Board proposes the distribution of the final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 of
     RMB8.867 in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax), totalling approximately RMB8,248,280,749.27 based
     on the current total issued capital, net of repurchased shares but not yet cancelled. This dividend, which
     together with the interim dividend for 2025 already distributed in November 2025, represented approximately
     55% of the profit attributable to the owners of the Company. Where the total share capital of the Company
     changes before the registration date for the implementation of the equity distribution, it is expected to
     maintain the total distribution unchanged and adjust the distribution ratio per share accordingly.

     This dividend distribution proposal shall be subject to the consideration and approval at the Company’s
     2025 annual general meeting, and the final dividend is expected to be distributed to shareholders in two
     months from the 2025 annual general meeting.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   81

                                                                                            Financial Review




DIVIDENDS (continued)
Dividends for D-Shares and H-Shares shall be paid in foreign currencies. According to the Articles of
Association of the Company, the applicable rate of exchange shall be average exchange rate (medium rates)
for converting Renminbi into foreign currencies as quoted by The People’s Bank of China for a week
immediately prior to the announcement of dividend.

Notice of the 2025 annual general meeting will announce the date of the 2025 annual meeting of the
Company and details of relevant book closure of H Shares, as well as the arrangement of book closure of H
Shares for the final dividend.

As at the date of this annual report, so far as the Directors are aware, no shareholder has waived or agreed
to waive any dividends, and no such arrangement has been entered into by the Company or any of its
shareholders.
82   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) and the management (the “Management”) of Haier
     Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) recognise that sound corporate practices are crucial to the efficient
     operation of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) and the safeguarding of our
     shareholders’ interests. In this regard, the Board gives high priority to enhance the Company’s corporate
     governance standards with emphasis on transparency, accountability and independence in order to enhance
     the long-term value of our shareholders.

     The Company has complied with the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provision(s)”) and principles
     under the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange”) during the year ended 31 December 2025 except for certain deviations as described
     below. The Board shall review its code from time to time to ensure its continuous compliance with the
     Code. This report describes the Company’s corporate governance practices, explains its applications of and
     deviations from the Code (if any), together with considered reasons for such deviations (if applicable).

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     In 2025, the directors actively fulfilled their duties by discussing and making decisions on major company
     matters through various specialized committees and the board of directors, advancing the company’s smart
     home strategy and enhancing corporate governance standards. Through the contributions of the directors,
     the board of directors played an active leadership role in areas such as strategy formulation, performance
     and operations, company risk and management, leadership and talent, and shareholder returns.

     Composition
     As at 31 December 2025, the Board comprised two Executive Directors (Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman) and Mr.
     Kevin Nolan), four Non-executive Directors (Mr. GONG Wei, Mr. YU Hon To, David, Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun and
     Mr. LI Shaohua), four Independent Non-executive Directors (Mr. WONG Hak Kun, Mr. LI Shipeng, Mr. WU Qi
     and Mr. Wang Hua) (the “INED(s)”), and an Employee Representative Director (Ms. SUN Danfeng). They
     formed the 12th session of the Board which commenced from June 2025 till the conclusion of the annual
     general meeting to be convened in May 2028.

     The Board has at least one-third in number of its members comprising INEDs throughout the year. The
     Company has also fulfilled the requirements of the composition of the Company’s audit committee,
     remuneration committee and the nomination committee under the Listing Rules.

     At least one of the INEDs possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
     management expertise under Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules. The Directors are well-versed in respective
     areas such as business management, accounting and finance, and industry knowledge and the Board as a
     whole has achieved an appropriate balance of skills and experience. The chairman of the Board and the
     nomination committee will review the composition of the board from time to time so as to enhance it for
     meeting the strategic objectives of the Company. The Directors’ biographical details are set out on pages 15
     to 21 of this annual report.

     To the best of the Company’s knowledge, there is no financial, business, family or other material/relevant
     relationship(s) among the Board members and the supervisors. All of them are free to exercise their
     independent judgment on all matters concerning the Company.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   83

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Composition (continued)
The Articles of Association of the Company (“Articles of Association”) have stated clearly the procedures for
the appointment of new directors, re-election and removal of directors. Under the Articles of Association, the
Board may from time to time nominate a director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the
Board, subject to the election at the next following general meeting of the Company.

Non-executive Directors of the Company are all elected by the general meetings, with a term of office of
three years, which are renewable upon re-election and reappointment.

Board diversity policy
The Company recognizes that Board diversity will help improve corporate governance, increase the efficiency
of the Board, reduce management and control risks and make better decisions, thereby achieving the
sustainable and healthy development of the Company.

When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will take full account of board diversity,
including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, regions, professional
experience, skills, knowledge and service terms of Directors as well as other regulatory requirements.

Appointments of Board members will be made on a merit basis and requirements for Board diversity will be
fully considered, with a focus on evaluating which skills, experience, and diverse viewpoints and
perspectives the candidates can bring to the Board, and how they can contribute to the Board.

The Nomination Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising and reporting to the Board
matters concerning diversification of the Board members; working out the composition of the Board
members, evaluating the professional experience, skills, knowledge and other diverse factors required by the
Board, and making recommendations to the Board; searching for and nominating Director candidates and
reporting the same to the Board for approval; supervising the appointment made by the Board; and ensuring
that recruitment and selection, from board level to general staff, are conducted in accordance with proper
procedures.

The Company shall establish and implement relevant plans to develop a broader and more diverse pool of
skilled and experienced employees, so that, in time, their skills will prepare them for senior management and
board positions.

The Nomination Committee will consider and, if appropriate, set measurable objectives to implement the
Board diversity policy and review such objectives to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress
made towards achieving those objectives. The Nomination Committee of the Company will be responsible for
monitoring the implementation of the Board diversity policy, evaluating the diversity of the Company every
year and reviewing the Board diversity policy as appropriate, discussing any revisions required, and making
recommendations to the Board for approval before implementation.

The achievements made from above Board diversity measures during the transition from the 11th session of
the Board to the current 12th session of the Board included the followings:
84   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board diversity policy (continued)
     The current 12th session of the Board, which commenced from 28 May 2025, comprises of eleven
     Directors, including two executive Directors, four non-executive Directors, four independent non-executive
     Directors and one Employee Representative Director. In particular, the members of the Board are from
     different races, regions and cultures, further enhancing its international diversity. They have extensive
     knowledge and experience in industry experience, AI technologies, digitalization, corporate governance,
     global market experience, financial management and risk management, which will help the Board of
     Directors to make the best decisions for the sustainable and healthy development of the Company.

     The Board achieved and maintained to have a female Director in the current 12th session of the Board. The
     Board considers that current gender diversity has met the diversity policy of the Company and has met the
     requirement stipulated in the relevant Listing Rules.

     The Company will continue to maintain gender diversity on the Board, and the Nomination Committee will
     proactively ensure an appropriate proportion of female members when selecting and making
     recommendations on suitable candidates for Board membership. Through the Board diversity policy, the
     annual assessment by Nomination Committee on Board structure, and the measures for ensuring gender
     diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level, the Company could develop a pipeline of potential
     successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity.

     The Company had 134,995 employees from about 50 countries around the world, including 53,692 overseas
     employees. Details break-down by gender at the end of reporting year are as follows:


                                                                                       Male             Female
                                                                                  employees           employees


       Percentage of employees by gender                                                72.5%              27.5%
       Percentage of senior management by gender                                        85.7%              14.3%


     The Group had targeted to increase the ratios of female members in senior management and the overall
     workforce. The Board considers that current gender diversity in senior management and the overall
     workforce have met the business needs.

     Based on business development and operational needs, the Company will take into full consideration of the
     factors when recruiting its employees, including skills, age and gender diversity, and will strive to achieve a
     balanced workforce composition among our employees in skills, age and gender.

     Corporate strategy
     The Board is aware of and understands the Group’s purpose, values, mission and long term strategic
     business plans, reflects this understanding on the related key issues discussions and satisfies that these and
     the Company’s culture are aligned. The Chairman of the Board organises meetings and regularly presents
     the Group’s values, mission and long-term strategic business plans to members of the Board as well as key
     management of local and overseas subsidiaries.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   85

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Delegation by the Board
The Directors are collectively responsible for setting the Group’s strategies, providing leadership and
guidance to put them into effect, reviewing and monitoring the performance of the Group and are
accountable to the Company’s shareholders. To maximise the effectiveness of the Group’s operations, the
Board has delegated management and administration of the Group’s daily operations to the Executive
Directors, chief executive officer (“CEO”) and the Management while reserved several important matters for
its approval. To this end, the Articles of Association of the Company have set out the division of functions
between the Board and the Management (including the Executive Directors and the CEO).

The major functions of the Board and the Management are summarized as follows: The Board is principally
responsible for:

1.   determining the Company’s business plans and investment schemes;

2.   formulating the Company’s annual budgets and final accounts;

3.   formulating the Company’s profit distribution plan and plan for covering losses;

4.   formulating the Company’s plans for increase or reduction of registered capital, issuance of bonds or
     other securities and listing plan;

5.   formulating the Company’s plans for significant acquisition, merger and acquisition, division, dissolution
     and change of corporate form;

6.   determining establishment of the Company’s internal management mechanisms;

7.   determining establishment of the Company’s basic management rules and the plans for amendment of
     the Articles of Association;

8.   any other functions and powers accorded by laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and
     the listing rules of the place where the securities of the Company are listed or the Articles of
     Association or other authorities granted by the shareholders’ general meeting; and

9.   subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules and other regulations, approving transactions in which
     connected person(s) (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company is/are considered having material
     interests.
86   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Delegation by the Board (continued)
     The Management is principally responsible for:

     1.    exercising all such other powers and performing all such other acts as may be exercised and performed
           by the Directors, save and except for those that may specifically be reserved by the Board and/or the
           committees set up by the Board for decision and implementation, or those that may only be exercised
           by the Board pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and other regulations in the PRC, the Articles
           of Association, the Listing Rules, the Hong Kong Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-
           backs;

     2.    presiding over production and operation management of the Company, organizing implementation of
           Board resolutions and reporting to the Board of Directors on their work;

     3.    organising the implementation of the Company’s annual business plans and investment plans;

     4.    formulating plans for establishment of internal management mechanisms of the Company;

     5.    formulating basic management rules, and specific rules and regulations of the Company;

     6.    determining the appointment or dismissal of management personnel other than those whose appointment
           or dismissal be decided by the Board of Directors; and

     7.    monitoring the execution of the continuing connected transactions between connected person(s) (as
           defined in the Listing Rules and other regulations) and the Company to ensure their compliance with
           the relevant rules and regulations.

     The Board reviews those arrangements on a periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the
     needs of the Group.

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)
     Under code provision C.2.1 of the Code, the roles of chairman and CEO should be separated and should
     not be performed by the same individual. Since 28 June 2022, Mr. LI Huagang (“Mr. LI”), an Executive
     Director, had served as the chairman and also the CEO of the Company. Mr. LI has been the CEO of the
     Company since April 2019 and has assumed the role of chairman since 28 June 2022 when Mr. LIANG
     Haishan retired as chairman of the Company.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   87

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) (continued)
The Board has continued reviewing the separation of chairman and CEO. After evaluation of the situation of
the Company and taking into account the experience and past performance of Mr. LI, the Board is of the
opinion that it is appropriate and in the best interests of the Group for Mr. LI to hold both positions as the
chairman and CEO of the Company as it helps to maintain the continuity of the policies and the stability of
the operations of the Group. It also helps to promote the efficient formulation and implementation of the
Company’s strategies which enabled the Group to seize business opportunities efficiently and promptly. The
Board comprising a vast majority of non-executive Directors who also meets regularly on a quarterly basis to
review the operations of the Group and to consider other major matters affecting the business of the Group.

Accordingly, the Board believes that this arrangement would not have negative influence on the balance of
power and authorizations between the Board and the management of the Company. In addition, through the
continuing supervision of the Board and its independent non-executive Directors, checks and balances
continue to exist so that the interests of the shareholders are continued to be adequately and fairly
represented.

Independent Non-executive Directors (the “INEDs”)
During the reporting period, the company’s independent directors, in accordance with relevant laws,
regulations, the Company’s Articles of Association, and the company’s related systems, participated in the
Board of Directors and its specialized committees, as well as the shareholders’ meetings, diligently
performing their duties. Based on independent judgment, the independent directors provided independent
opinions on major matters such as related-party transactions, profit distribution, and the appointment of
auditing institutions, safeguarding the overall interests of the company and protecting the legal rights and
interests of all shareholders, especially minority shareholders, from being harmed, thereby promoting the
standardized operation of the company.

The independent directors perform their duties independently and are not influenced by the company’s major
shareholders or other entities or individuals that have interests with the listed company. The independent
directors respectively serve as the chairpersons of the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, and the
Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board of Directors, actively participating in the work of their
respective specialized committees, providing professional advice on decisions regarding major company
matters, and playing a positive role in the scientific decision-making of the Board and the healthy
development of the company.

The INEDs have the same duties of care and skill and fiduciary duties as the Executive Directors. They are
expressly identified as such in all corporate communications that disclose the names of the Directors.

The INEDs are experienced professionals with expertise in areas of accounting and finance, and business
management. With their professional knowledge and experience, the INEDs advise the Company on its
operation and management; provide independent opinions on the Company’s connected/continuing
connected transactions and other material transactions; participate in the Company’s Audit Committee
meetings, Remuneration and Appraisal Committee meetings, Nomination Committee meetings, Strategy
Committee meetings and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee meetings. The INEDs also
contribute to provide adequate checks and balances so as to protect the interests of the Company, to
enable the interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole are adequately and fairly represented, and to
promote the development of the Company.
88   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Independent Non-executive Directors (the “INEDs”) (continued)
     No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements is granted to INEDs.

     The chairman meets the INEDs at least once annually without the presence of other Directors to discuss any
     topics they consider necessary.

     The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the INEDs pursuant to
     Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all INEDs independent as at the date of this report.

     Supply of and access to information
     Newly appointed Directors will receive induction packages relating to the duties and responsibilities of
     directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

     All the Directors are briefed and updated from time to time on the latest legislative and regulatory
     developments, and they receive, in a timely manner, adequate information which is accurate, clear, complete
     and reliable to ensure that they are fully aware of their responsibilities under the Listing Rules, the Company
     Law of the PRC, the Articles of Association of the Company and other applicable legal and regulatory
     requirements.

     In order to ensure that their duties can be properly discharged, the Directors are entitled to seek advice
     from independent professional advisers whenever deemed necessary by them at the Company’s expense.

     Professional development
     The Directors paid significant attention to enhance their knowledge and expertise so as to discharge their
     duties and responsibilities more effectively. The Company would organize in-house training sessions for
     newly appointed directors which are conducted by professionals relating to the duties and responsibilities of
     directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

     During the year, all Directors (namely, LI Huagang, Kevin Nolan, GONG Wei, YU Hon To, David, CHIEN Da-
     chun, LI Shaohua, SHAO Xinzhi, Eva LI Kam Fun, WONG Hak Kun, LI Shipeng, WU Qi, WANG Hua, SUN
     Danfeng) have fully observed the previous Code Provision C.1.4 and have attended various relevant training
     programmes which include:

     (i)     In-house seminars, conducted by professionals, for updates on changes on relevant laws and regulations
             of the places of listing;

     (ii)    In-house seminars sessions on topics relating to the business development of the Company;

     (iii)   Participation and/or as speakers in relevant conferences and seminars organized by various external
             organizations relevant to the business or directors’ duties, for update on corporate governance, and for
             enhancing their business expertise; and

     (iv)    Private study of materials relevant to the director’s duties and responsibilities.

     During the year, all Directors received regular updates on the Group’s business, operations, risk
     management, corporate governance matters, and changes on relevant laws and regulations applicable to the
     Group.

     During the year, the Company Secretary of the Company have taken no less than 15 hours of relevant
     professional training.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   89

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board meetings
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board held five meetings to review and approve, among
other things, the 2024 annual results, 2025 interim and quarterly results; to discuss and review the strategic
transactions, connected transactions and other assets restructure plans; to discuss and review the share
based award proposals such as the Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), the Restricted Share Unit
Scheme (RSU), and the Share Option Incentive Scheme; to review the revision of the internal policies and
basic management rules; to discuss and propose various resolutions for shareholders’ general meetings. The
Company’s board meetings (the “Board Meeting(s)”) are permitted to be held by means of telephone or
other means of electronic communication.

All directors attended the meeting to hear reports and shares from management and external consulting
institutions on topics such as the current political and economic situation overseas, trend judgments, AI
development trends and responses, supply chain development, ESG capacity building, and carbon neutrality
strategy, and to provide specific operational suggestions to management. At the same time, the directors
also participated in special discussions on the company’s development strategy for the next three to five
years and the 2026 operating budget, and interacted with management. They provided valuable suggestions
on company strategy and implementation, industry development opportunities, AI development and its
application in smart homes, and the advancement of ESG work. The board promotes a vibrant culture and
fosters an environment of open discussion.

Sufficient notices are served and comprehensive information is provided to the Board members in advance
of all the Board Meetings in order to enable them to make informed decisions on all matters transacted at
the Board Meetings.

The proceedings of the Board Meetings are conducted by the Chairman of the Board or another Executive
Director who ensures that sufficient time is allowed for discussion among the Directors and equal
opportunities are being given to the Directors to express their views and share their concerns.

The Board Secretary and the Company Secretary attends the Board Meetings to advise Directors on
corporate governance practices, and statutory compliance, accounting and financial issues whenever
deemed necessary by the Board.

Board minutes are prepared for recording all matters transacted and resolved at the Board Meetings. Draft
versions of the Board minutes are sent to all Directors for their comments. The final versions would then be
adopted by the Board for records. Also, the minutes of Board Meetings as well as meetings of Board
committees are recorded in sufficient details of the matters considered and decisions made, including
concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views expressed. All the Board minutes are also kept by the
Board Secretary and are open for inspection by the Directors.
90   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board meetings (continued)
     The Company has mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. This was
     achieved through the Board diversity and the appointment of independent directors. In May 2025, the
     Company completed the transition to the current 12th session of the Board. The new Board comprises of 4
     independent Directors, accounting for 36.4% of the Board. All of the independent Directors of the Company
     are experienced professionals with expertise in accounting, finance and business management. In 2025, the
     independent Directors of the Company perform specific duties in accordance with the Articles of Association
     and the listing rules of the places of listing, including participating in the meetings of the special committees
     of the Company and advising the Company on its operation and management; providing independent advice
     on connected transactions, profit distribution plans and other significant transactions of the Company. By
     discharging their duties as mentioned above, the independent Directors help to protect the interests of the
     Company and its shareholders as a whole and to promote the development of the Company. The chairman
     of each of the Company’s special committees (except the Strategy Committee and ESG Committee) is an
     independent Director. The number of independent Directors in the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and
     Assessment Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee accounts for one-half or
     more of the total number of committee members.

     The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the Board Meetings during the year ended 31
     December 2025:


                                                                                                        No. of the
                                                                                                  Board Meetings
                                                                                                    attended/held


       Executive Directors:
       Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman)                                                                                5/5
       Mr. Kevin Nolan (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                               3/3
       Mr. GONG Wei (till 28 May 2025)                                                                          2/2

       Non-executive Directors:
       Mr. GONG Wei (since 28 May 2025)                                                                         3/3
       Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                                     5/5
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (since 28 May 2025)                                                                    3/3
       Mr. LI Shaohua (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                                3/3
       Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman) (retired on 28 May 2025)                                                 2/2
       Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (retired on 28 May 2025)                                                              2/2

       INEDs:
       Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                         5/5
       Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                           5/5
       Mr. WU Qi                                                                                                5/5
       Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                                  3/3
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (till 28 May 2025)                                                                     2/2

       Employee Representative Director
       Ms. SUN Danfeng (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                               3/3
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   91

                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board meetings (continued)
It is challenging to arrange the board meetings that fits in with the tight and busy schedules of all the
Directors. To enable all the Directors to keep abreast of the Group’s latest development and to discharge
their duties properly, the Board Secretary and the Company Secretary would brief the Directors on those
matters transacted at the board meetings that they are unable to attend.

Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors
The Company has adopted a model code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors (the
“Model Code”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
Listed Issuers set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Upon enquiry by the Company, all Directors and
Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard as set out
in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2025.

In addition, the Board has adopted written guidelines (the “Employees’ Guidelines for Securities
Transactions”) for securities transactions by employees (the “Relevant Employees”) who are likely to be in
possession of unpublished price sensitive information of the Company on no less exacting terms than the
Model Code. Having made specific enquiries of all the Relevant Employees, the Company confirmed that all
the Relevant Employees had complied with the required standards as set out in the Employees’ Guidelines
for Securities Transactions throughout the year ended 31 December 2025.

Board Committees
During the reporting period, the company’s directors diligently and responsibly carried out various tasks by
participating in specialized committees, ensuring the scientific nature of the board’s decisions and laying a
solid foundation for the construction of a sound corporate governance structure.

The Board has established an Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”), a Remuneration and Appraisal
Committee (the “Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”), a Nomination Committee (the “Nomination
Committee”), a Strategy Committee (the “Strategy Committee”) and a Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee (the “ESG Committee”) (collectively the “Committees”) to oversee specific aspects of the
Company’s affairs. The Committees report to the Board regularly, and have been provided with sufficient
resources to discharge their respective duties. To reinforce independence, the chairmen of the Committees
other than the Strategy Committee and the ESG Committee are INEDs. Each of the Committees has
adopted specific terms of reference covering its duties, powers and functions which will be reviewed by the
Board from time to time. The Board Secretary also acts as secretary of the Committees. The Committees
adopt as far as practicable, the procedures and arrangement of the Board Meeting in relation to the
conduct of meetings, notice of meetings and recording of minutes. Further particulars of each of the
Committees are set out below:

(1)   Audit Committee
      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Audit Committee comprised five members throughout
      the year. The members are as follows:

      Mr. WONG Hak Kun;
      Mr. YU Hon To, David;
      Mr. WU Qi;
      Mr. LI Shaohua (appointed on 28 May 2025);
      Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025);
      Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (retired on 28 May 2025); and
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (retired on 28 May 2025)
92   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (1)   Audit Committee (continued)
           The Audit Committee was chaired by Mr. WONG Hak Kun. Mr. WONG, Mr. YU and Ms. SHAO
           possess the required accounting expertise. Mr. LI possesses rich experience in risk management and
           internal control. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee (as revised) are available on the
           respective websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

           The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to ensure the objectivity and credibility of financial
           reporting, to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of
           the Group’s external auditors and review of the Company’s financial controls, internal control and risk
           management systems. Each member of the Audit Committee has unrestricted access to the Group’s
           external auditor and the Management.

           During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Audit Committee held five meetings, the major agenda
           items included the followings:

           —      to review with the management the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group
                  and to discuss financial reporting matters including the review of 2024 annual results and 2025
                  interim and quarterly results of the Group;

           —      review the adequacy of resources, accounting staff qualifications and experience, training
                  programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions;

           —      review of the risk management and internal control procedures;

           —      review of the connected transactions and the continuing connected transactions;

           —      review of the significant transactions of the Group;

           —      review the reappointment of external auditors, and

           —      review the terms of reference of the Audit Committee, and other related issues.

           There is no disagreement between the Board and the Audit Committee regarding the selection,
           appointment, resignation or dismissal of external auditor. The annual results for the year ended 31
           December 2025 were also reviewed by the Audit Committee.

           The Board also has adopted the arrangement for employees of the Company to raise genuine
           concerns, in confidence, about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other
           matters in the Company and its subsidiaries. The Audit Committee monitors the execution of this
           arrangement.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   93

                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(1)   Audit Committee (continued)
      The following table shows the attendance of members of the Audit Committee during the year ended
      31 December 2025:

                                                                                              No. of Audit
                                                                                       Committee meetings
                                                                                           attended/held

       Non-executive Directors:
       Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                                  5/5
       Mr. LI Shaohua (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                             3/3
       Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (retired on 28 May 2025)                                                              2/2

       INEDs:
       Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                      5/5
       Mr. WU Qi                                                                                             5/5
       Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                               3/3
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (retired on 28 May 2025)                                                            2/2

(2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee currently comprises three members including:

      Mr. WU Qi (appointed on 28 May 2025);
      Mr. LI Shipeng;
      Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025);
      Mr. LI Huagang (retired on 28 May 2025); and
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (retired on 28 May 2025)

      The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is chaired by an INED (Mr. CHIEN Da-chun till 28 May
      2025, and Mr. WU Qi since 28 May 2025). The terms of reference of the Remuneration and Appraisal
      Committee (as revised) are available on the respective websites of the Company and the Hong Kong
      Stock Exchange.

      The primary duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to make recommendations to the
      Board on policies and structures of all remuneration of the Directors and senior management. Each of
      the Directors has not involved in the determination of his/her own remuneration.

      The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
      Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
      Company’s affairs.

      The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with reference to the
      Company’s performance, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or contribution of each
      executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises basic salaries, pensions and
      discretionary bonuses.
94   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (continued)
           The remuneration for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to ensure
           that non-executive Directors and Independent Non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for
           their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board
           committees. The remuneration for the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors
           mainly comprises Director’s fees which are determined with reference to their duties and
           responsibilities and are subject to shareholders’ approval at general meetings.

           During the year ended 31 December 2025 the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held two
           meetings. At the meetings, members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee reviewed and
           made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration proposals and the performance based
           structures of the Directors and senior management, including the share based award proposals such
           as the 2025 A-share and H-share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), and the 2025
           H-share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (RSU). The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considered
           these proposals by taking into account the factors such as remuneration packages and benefits
           offered by comparable companies, the respective contribution of each of the Directors and senior
           management to the Group and the business objectives of the Group. The Remuneration and Appraisal
           Committee also considered the execution reports of incentive schemes (Core Employee Stock
           Ownership Plan and A-share Option Incentive Scheme) in relation to the assessment of the Executive
           Directors and senior management.

           Particularly, in approving the 2025 share award and share option scheme, the Remuneration and
           Appraisal Committee has reviewed the important matters including:

           (i)     appropriateness of the number of share awards and share options to be granted;

           (ii)    vesting period of no less than 12 months;

           (iii)   plan of exercise or vesting which is linked with performance targets to be fulfilled by participants.

           There are no unusual or exceptional features in the share award and share option scheme that are
           contradictive with the relevant rules for which special approval from the Remuneration and Appraisal
           Committee are required.

           The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee has adopted the model that it will review the proposals
           made by the Management on the remuneration of Executive Directors and senior management with
           reference to the Board’s corporate policies and objectives, and make recommendations to the Board.
           The remuneration plans or proposals mainly include but not limited to performance appraisal criteria,
           procedures and key appraisal system, and major incentive and penalty plans and systems. The Board
           will have final authority to approve the recommendations made by the Remuneration Committee.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   95

                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (continued)
      The following table shows the attendance of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      during the year ended 31 December 2025:


                                                                                       No. of Remuneration
                                                                                              and Appraisal
                                                                                       Committee meetings
                                                                                              attended/held


       Executive Director:
       Mr. LI Huagang (retired on 28 May 2025)                                                               2/2

       INEDs:
       Mr. WU Qi (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                                  0/0
       Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                        2/2
       Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                               0/0
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (retired on 28 May 2025)                                                            2/2


      Refer to note 13(b) to the consolidated financial statements for the details of remuneration payable to
      key management personnel (excluding Directors) of the Group by band.

(3)   Nomination Committee
      The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members including:

      Mr. LI Shipeng;
      Mr. WU Qi;
      Mr. WONG Hak Kun (appointed on 28 May 2025);
      Ms. SUN Danfeng (appointed on 28 May 2025); and
      Mr. LI Huagang (retired on 28 May 2025)

      The Nomination Committee was chaired by an INED (Mr. WU Qi till 28 May 2025, and Mr. LI Shipeng
      since 28 May 2025). The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee (as revised) are available on
      the respective websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      The Nomination Committee is responsible for formulating nomination policy and making
      recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors, senior management and
      Board succession. It also develops selection procedures of candidates for nomination, reviews the
      structure, size and composition of the Board and assesses the independence of the INEDs. The
      Company has provided the Nomination Committee sufficient resources to perform its duties.
96   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (3)   Nomination Committee (continued)
           Nomination procedures include identification and acknowledgement of qualified individuals by the
           Nomination Committee and review and approval of such nomination by the Board. The Nomination
           Committee shall proactively communicate with the Company’s relevant departments, examine the
           Company’s demand for new directors and senior managers.

           The selection criteria for Directors are that the candidates must have substantial experience in
           business relevant to the Company, or in corporate management, or in relevant profession and must be
           able to contribute effectively to the objectives of the Company. In identifying suitable candidates for
           appointment to the Board, the Nomination Committee will consider candidates on merit against
           objective criteria (such as professional expertise, relevant experience, personal ethics etc.) and with due
           regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Any committee member may propose suitable
           candidates for directorship for discussion and approval by the Nomination Committee, after which the
           Board will consider and, if proper, approve such nomination. Director thus selected is subject to
           election by the Company’s shareholders in the next general meeting or next annual general meeting,
           as appropriate, according to the Articles of Association of the Company.

           The Nomination Committee monitors the execution of the Board diversity policy of the Company.
           Selection will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to, professional
           experience, business experience and insight, skills, know-how, gender, age, cultural and educational
           background, ethnic and length of services. It will review the Board diversity policy as appropriate and
           recommend any revisions to the policy to the Board for consideration and approval if necessary.

           During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Nomination Committee held two meetings. At the
           meetings, members of the Nomination Committee have identified and recommended qualified individual
           to the Board for the appointment of a director, reviewed the composition of the Board and diversity of
           the Board. Particularly, as the term of the 11th session of the Board expired in May 2025, in
           accordance with relevant requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the
           Nomination Committee had considered and recommended to the Board two Executive Directors, four
           Non-executive Directors, four Independent Non-executive Directors, and an Employee Representative
           Director for the composition of the 12th session of the Board.

           The Nomination Committee discussed and agreed the measurable objectives for achieving diversity on
           the Board and recommended them to the Board for adoption. The Nomination Committee assessed
           the composition and diversity of the Board on objectives of offering relevant industry experience and
           business skill to the Board for the Company’s strategic business developments, while maintaining
           diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group’s business.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   97

                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(3)   Nomination Committee (continued)
      The following table shows the attendance of members of the Nomination Committee during the year
      ended 31 December 2025:


                                                                                       No. of Nomination
                                                                                      Committee meetings
                                                                                           attended/held


       Executive Director:
       Mr. LI Huagang (retired on 28 May 2025)                                                              2/2

       INEDs:
       Mr. WU Qi                                                                                            2/2
       Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                       2/2
       Mr. WONG Hak Kun (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                          0/0

       Employee Representative Director:
       Ms. SUN Danfeng (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                           0/0


(4)   Strategy Committee
      The Strategy Committee currently comprises seven members including:

      Mr. LI Huagang;
      Mr. LI Shipeng;
      Mr. WU Qi;
      Mr. GONG Wei;
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (appointed on 28 May 2025);
      Mr. Kevin Nolan (appointed on 28 May 2025); and
      Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)

      The Strategy Committee is chaired by Mr. LI Huagang.

      The purpose of the Strategy Committee shall be to prepare recommendations for the Board in fulfilling
      its responsibilities relating to the study of the Company’s long-term development strategy, major
      investment decisions and shareholders’ return plan.
98   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (4)   Strategy Committee (continued)
           The primary responsibilities and authorities of the Strategy Committee include:

           (I)      to study the Company’s long-term development strategy plans and make recommendations;

           (II)     to study major investment and financing programs that require approval by the Board of Directors
                    as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

           (III)    to study major capital operation and assets management projects that require approval by the
                    Board of Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

           (IV)     to study shareholders’ return plan of the Company and make recommendations;

           (V)      to study other important matters affecting the Company’s development and make
                    recommendations;

           (VI)     to review the implementation of the above matters;

           (VII)    to handle other matters as authorized by the Board.

           During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Strategy Committee held one meeting. At the meeting,
           members of the Strategy Committee have discussed and reviewed a capital expenditure project
           (washing machine production facilities); and reviewed the status of execution of the Company’s
           development strategy, and made recommendations to the Board.

           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Strategy Committee during the year
           ended 31 December 2025:


                                                                                                No. of Strategy
                                                                                             Committee meetings
                                                                                                 attended/held


                 Executive Directors:
                 Mr. LI Huagang                                                                               1/1
                 Mr. GONG Wei (till 28 May 2025)                                                              1/1
                 Mr. Kevin Nolan (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                   0/0

                 Non-executive Directors:
                 Mr. GONG Wei (since 28 May 2025)                                                             0/0
                 Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                 0/0

                 INEDs:
                 Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                               1/1
                 Mr. WU Qi                                                                                    1/1
                 Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                      0/0
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   99

                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(5)   Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
      The Company has established the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (“ESG
      Committee”) to better implement the ecological brand strategy of the Company in the age of the
      Internet of Things, integrate the idea of “Social, Environmental and Corporate Governance” into the
      corporate strategy, promote sustainable development, generate long-term value for all stakeholders and
      build a green, intelligent and mutual beneficial ecosystem of the Internet of Things.

      The ESG Committee currently comprises four members including:

      Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun;
      Mr. GONG Wei;
      Mr. LI Shaohua (appointed on 28 May 2025);
      Mr. WU Qi (appointed on 28 May 2025); and
      Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (retired on 28 May 2025)

      Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun served as the chairwoman of the ESG Committee till 28 May 2025, and thereafter
      Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun serves as the chairman of the ESG Committee.

      The ESG Committee serves as the specific working body for evaluating the Company’s working
      progress on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities and the risks and
      opportunities it faces, reviewing the framework of ESG management structure, and for formulating the
      Company’s ESG vision, goals and strategies.

      The ESG Committee strives to improve and enhance the Company’s capabilities of managing
      environment and social responsibilities, and to promote the sustainable development of the Company.
      The ESG Committee also promotes the ESG risk management practices and internal control
      enhancements, and provides direction for the work of the Company’s ESG task force.

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the ESG Committee held two meetings. At the meeting,
      members of the ESG Committee have discussed and reviewed the Company’s 2024 ESG report for
      publication; discussed the issues such as global carbon project progress on Scope 1 and Scope 2
      target setting in China, and research insights and findings on dual materiality assessment; discussed
      ESG goals, strategies and other related matters; and made recommendations to the Board.
100   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Corporate Governance Report




      BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
      Board Committees (continued)
      (5)   Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (continued)
            The following table shows the attendance of members of the ESG Committee during the year ended
            31 December 2025:


                                                                                                 No. of ESG
                                                                                         Committee meetings
                                                                                             attended/held


               Executive Director:
               Mr. GONG Wei (till 28 May 2025)                                                             1/1

               Non-executive Director:
               Mr. GONG Wei (since 28 May 2025)                                                            1/1
               Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (since 28 May 2025)                                                       1/1
               Mr. LI Shaohua (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                   1/1
               Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (retired on 28 May 2025)                                                 1/1

               INED:
               Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (till 28 May 2025)                                                        1/1
               Mr. WU Qi (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                        1/1


      Corporate Governance Function
      The primary corporate governance duties of the Board are to develop and review the Company’s policies
      and practices on corporate governance; to review and monitor the training and continuous professional
      development of Directors and senior management; to review and monitor the Company’s policies and
      practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review and monitor the code of
      conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and to review the
      Company’s compliance with the code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

      During the year, the Board have developed and reviewed the Company’s corporate governance practices,
      including the review of the Company’s Articles of Association, terms of reference of the various board
      committees, and various internal policies and rules based on the recent changes of regulatory requirements.
      The Board also reviewed the process in upgrading the internal controls and risk management.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   101

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company’s communication policy for shareholders is summarized as follows:

The Company follows a policy of disclosing relevant information to shareholders and the investment
community in a timely manner, and will regularly review this policy to ensure its effectiveness. Information
shall be communicated to shareholders and the investment community mainly through the Company’s
quarterly, interim and annual financial reports, and general meetings that may be convened, as well as by
making available all the disclosures submitted to the stock exchanges where the securities are listed, and its
corporate communications and other corporate publications on the Company’s website.

Effective and timely dissemination of information to shareholders and the investment community shall be
ensured at all times. Shareholders and the investment community may at any time, e.g. at the investors
meetings and discussions or via enquiry emails, etc., express their views or make a request for the
Company’s information to the extent such information is publicly available.

The Company’s website provides comprehensive and updated information about the Company, including our
financial results, announcements, circulars, composition of the Board or Board Committees and their
respective terms of reference, and other corporate documents such as the articles of the Company.

The annual general meeting (“AGM”) provides an opportunity for communication between the Board and the
Company’s shareholders. The Company ensures that shareholders’ views are communicated to the Board.
The chairman of the AGM proposes separate resolutions for each issue to be considered. Circulars to
Shareholders provide information on matters that require to be brought to the attention or action of
shareholders, such as appointments of Directors, amendments to the articles of the Company, matters
relating to poll voting at the AGM, etc.

AGM proceedings are reviewed from time to time and revised (if needed) to ensure that the Company
follows the best corporate governance practices.

The Company has reviewed the implementation of the shareholders’ communication policy conducted during
the year ended 31 December 2025 and considered it effective based on the following achievements:

It is the Company’s practice to provide an explanation to shareholders of the details of the voting by poll
procedures in the general meetings in accordance with the Articles of Association and the relevant listing
rules of the places where it securities are listed. The poll results of the general meetings are also published
on the websites of the Company and/or of the stock exchanges where the securities are listed. The Board
regards general meetings as one of the principal channels of communication with our shareholders and the
Directors provide detailed and complete answers to questions raised by the shareholders in the general
meetings in accordance with the relevant rules and regulations.
102   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Corporate Governance Report




      COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
      (continued)
      The Board attaches great importance to investor relations management and provides a variety of
      communication channels for investors. It maintains positive interaction with investors through annual investor
      conferences, online collective reception day for investors, emails, on-site and online surveys and other
      means to protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors. The management of the Company
      maintained active communication with investors on issues of concern to investors, such as corporate
      governance, operating conditions, development plan and strategies, and ESG information, based on public
      information, and received active participation from its investors.

      In respect of information disclosure, to protect the interests of investors and other stakeholders, in particular
      small and medium-sized shareholders, the Company strictly complied with the domestic and overseas
      information disclosure regulatory requirements and fulfilled its information disclosure obligations. In addition to
      providing high-quality mandatory information disclosure, the Company would provide voluntary disclosure of
      key issues of concern to investors and the capital market when deemed necessary, such as those related to
      corporate strategy and development, corporate governance matters, and ESG information. The Company
      continues to enhance its disclosure, which have been highly rated by external organizations.

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company held eight general meetings, including the AGM,
      two A-shares class meetings, two D-shares class meetings, two H-shares class meetings, and one
      extraordinary general meeting. In these general meetings and class meetings, various resolutions were
      passed.

      All Directors of the Company attended the shareholders’ meeting with a responsible, diligent, and honest
      attitude, participated in the discussion of proposals and responded to investors’ inquiries, safeguarded the
      interests of the company and the rights of investors, and earnestly implemented the resolutions passed by
      the shareholders’ meeting, fully protecting the legitimate rights and interests of all shareholders.

      Regarding shareholder returns, the Board of Directors of the Company has formulated an annual dividend
      plan and launched a mid-term dividend plan for the first time in 2025, further enhancing shareholders’ sense
      of gain by increasing the frequency of dividends. The aforementioned dividend plans were successfully
      implemented. At the same time, during the reporting period, the company continued to advance share
      repurchase activities to return value to investors.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   103

                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
(continued)
The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the general meetings held during the year
ended 31 December 2025:


                                                                                               No. of the
                                                                                        General meetings
                                                                                           attended/held


 Executive Directors:
 Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman)                                                                                 8/8
 Mr. Kevin Nolan (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                                4/4
 Mr. GONG Wei (till 28 May 2025)                                                                           4/4

 Non-executive Directors:
 Mr. GONG Wei (since 28 May 2025)                                                                          4/4
 Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                                      8/8
 Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (since 28 May 2025)                                                                     4/4
 Mr. LI Shaohua (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                                 4/4
 Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman) (retired on 28 May 2025)                                                  4/4
 Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (retired on 28 May 2025)                                                               4/4

 INEDs:
 Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                          8/8
 Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                            8/8
 Mr. WU Qi                                                                                                 8/8
 Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                                   4/4
 Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (till 28 May 2025)                                                                      4/4

 Employee Representative Director:
 Ms. SUN Danfeng (appointed on 28 May 2025)                                                                4/4


Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 29 April 2025. During the year ended 31
December 2025, there have been changes in the Company’s constitutional documents, principally for the
Company to reflect the recent requirements of applicable domestic regulations and laws to improve the
practice of our Company’s corporate governance, and the protections of shareholders’ rights and interests.
Upon the amendment to the Articles of Association became effective, the Company no longer has a board
of supervisors and the powers and functions of the board of supervisors are exercised by the Audit
Committee of the Board. The Rules of Procedure for the Board of Supervisors of Haier Smart Home Co.,
Ltd. were repealed accordingly.
104   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Corporate Governance Report




      SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
      Procedures by which Shareholders may convene a special general meeting
      Shareholders requesting the convening of an extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting
      shall proceed in accordance with the procedures set forth below:

      (1)   Two or more shareholders who hold, in aggregate, 10% or more of the shares carrying the right to vote
            at the proposed meeting may sign one or several written requisitions of the same format and contents,
            requesting the Board of Directors to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class
            shareholders’ meeting. The agenda of the proposed meeting shall be stated therein. The Board of
            Directors shall convene the extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting responsively
            after receipt of the aforesaid written requisition(s). The number of the aforesaid shares shall be
            calculated as of the date on which the requisition(s) is/are made.

      (2)   Where the Board of Directors gives consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting, a notice
            on convening of the extraordinary general meeting or the class shareholders’ meeting shall be issued
            within 5 days from such decision, and the changes made to the original request in the notice shall be
            approved by relevant shareholders.

      (3)   Where the Board of Directors does not give consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting
            or does not issue a feedback within 10 days upon the receipt of the requisition(s), the shareholders
            holding 10% or more of the Company’s shares separately or in aggregate shall have the right to
            propose to the Board of Supervisors on convening of an extraordinary general meeting and such
            proposal shall be made to the Board of Supervisors in writing.

      (4)   Where the Board of Supervisors gives consent for convening an extraordinary general meeting, a notice
            on convening of the extraordinary general meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon the receipt of the
            requisition(s) and the changes made to the original request in the notice shall be approved by relevant
            shareholders.

      (5)   Where the Board of Supervisors fails to issue a notice of a shareholders’ general meeting within the
            stipulated period, the Board of Supervisors shall be deemed as not convening and chairing the
            shareholders’ general meeting, and the shareholders who hold 10% or more of the Company’s shares
            individually or jointly for 90 or more consecutive days may proceed to convene and chair a
            shareholders’ general meeting on their own initiative.

      (6)   If the shareholders’ general meeting is convened by the Board of Supervisors or shareholders on their
            own, a written notice shall be issued to the Board of Directors, and such meeting shall be filed with
            the stock exchange of the place where the securities of the Company are listed.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   105

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures by which Shareholders may convene a special general meeting (continued)
(7)     Prior to the announcement of the resolutions passed by the shareholders’ general meeting, the
        shareholding percentage of the shareholders who convene the meeting shall not be less than 10%.
        Shareholders who convene the meeting shall publish an announcement no later than the issuance of
        notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and undertake that their shareholding percentage shall not
        be less than 10% during the period from the date of proposing the convening of the shareholders’
        general meeting to the convening date of the shareholders’ general meeting. The shareholders who
        convene the meeting shall submit the relevant supporting materials to the stock exchange of the place
        where the securities of the Company are listed at the time of the issuance of notice of the
        shareholders’ general meeting as well as of the announcement of the resolutions passed by such
        meeting.

Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
Shareholders may put forward enquiries to the Board through the Board Secretary, Company Secretary and
the representative of our office in Germany who will direct the enquiries to the Board for handling. Such
enquiries can be made by the following means:

Mail:           Board Secretary
                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                Board of Directors Building,
                Haier Industrial Park,
                1 Haier Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao City, the PRC

Email:          finance@haier.com

Mail:           Company Secretary
                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                Unit 1908, 19/F, Harbour Centre,
                25 Harbour Road,
                Wan Chai, Hong Kong

E-mail:         ir@haier.hk

Procedures for putting forward proposals at a Shareholders’ meeting
When the Company decides to convene a shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board
of supervisors and shareholders severally or jointly holding 1% or more of the shares of the Company shall
be entitled to put forward proposals to the Company.

The shareholders severally or jointly holding 1% or more of the shares of the Company may raise interim
proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days prior to the convening of the shareholders’
general meeting. Where shareholders subject to the conditions as mentioned above raise interim proposals
before the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting, their aggregate shareholding percentage shall not
be less than 1% during the period from the date of the issuance of notice on proposals to the
announcement of the resolutions. The convener shall, within 2 days after the receipt of such proposals,
issue a supplemental notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the interim
proposals.
106   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Corporate Governance Report




      SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
      Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director
      When the Company needs to elect a director, the shareholders of the Company may nominate a person for
      election as a director of the Company at the shareholders’ general meeting (including AGM and
      extraordinary general meeting) to be convened then according to the Articles of Association of the Company
      (“Articles of Association”).

      1.    According to Clause 76 of the Articles of Association, the shareholders’ general meeting may exercise
            the following functions and powers: (1) to elect and replace directors and supervisors who are not
            employee representatives, and to decide on the remuneration matters of the relevant directors and
            supervisors; (8) to amend the Articles of Association and deliberate proposals put forward by
            shareholders who represent 1% or more of the Company’s voting shares.

      2.    According to Clause 88 of the Articles of Association, when the Company decides to convene a
            shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors and shareholders that severally or jointly hold
            1% or more of the shares of the Company shall be entitled to put forward proposals to the Company.
            The shareholders that severally or jointly hold more than 1% of the Company’s shares may raise
            interim proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days prior to the convening of the
            shareholders’ general meeting. The convener shall, within 2 days after the receipt of such proposals,
            issue a supplemental notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the
            interim proposals.

      3.    According to Clause 93, Clause 124, Clause 133 and Clause 167 of the Articles of Association and the
            Independent Directors System, the election of directors shall comply with the following provisions:

            (I)     The list of candidates for directors shall be presented in the form of a proposal at a shareholders’
                    general meeting for voting.

            (II)    Upon the expiration of the term of office of the Board of Directors or in need of replacement of
                    directors due to vacancies within the Board of Directors, the shareholders, individually or jointly,
                    holding 1% or more of the total number of the outstanding shares with voting rights of the
                    Company may recommend candidates for directors to the Board of Directors in writing. Upon the
                    Board of Directors’ review and examination, if the candidates comply with the provisions by law
                    and the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors shall submit the candidate list, curriculum
                    vitae and basic information in the form of a proposal to the shareholders’ general meeting for
                    deliberation and election.

            (III)   Where a shareholders’ general meeting proposes to discuss election matters of directors, the notice
                    of the shareholders’ general meeting shall fully disclose the detailed information of the proposed
                    candidates for directors.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   107

                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director (continued)
     (IV)   The Company’s Board of Directors and shareholders who hold 1% or more of the issued shares
            of the Company, individually or jointly, may nominate candidates for independent directors, who
            will be decided through election by the shareholders’ general meeting. The nominator shall be
            fully aware of such details of the nominee as occupation, educational background, title, work
            experience, all concurrent positions and whether having any bad conduct records such as
            material breach of integrity etc. The nominator shall prudently verify whether the nominee meets
            the conditions and qualifications for appointment, the ability to perform the duties of the office,
            and whether there are any circumstances affecting his/her independence, and shall make a
            declaration and an undertaking in respect of the results of such verification. The nominee shall
            make declarations and undertakings as to whether they comply with the laws and regulations
            and the relevant requirements of the stock exchange in respect of the conditions of office,
            qualifications for office and independence of independent director.

     (V)    When a shareholders’ general meeting votes on the election of directors, the cumulative voting
            method may be implemented pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of Association or the
            resolution of a shareholders’ general meeting. The cumulative voting system referred to in the
            preceding paragraph shall mean that when a shareholders’ general meeting elects directors, each
            share shall have the same number of voting rights as the number of directors to be elected and
            the voting rights held by a shareholder may be used together. The Board of Directors shall
            announce the curriculum vitae and basic information of candidates for directors to the
            shareholders before the holding of the shareholders’ general meeting.

     (VI)   Where the shareholders’ general meeting has passed the proposal on the election of the relevant
            directors, the newly-elected directors shall take office on the date when the resolution is passed
            at the shareholders’ general meeting, unless otherwise resolved by the shareholders’ general
            meeting.

INSURANCE
The Group has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to indemnify the Directors and
senior staff of the Group for their potential liabilities incurred by them in discharging their duties. The Group
reviews the insurance coverage for the Directors and the Group’s senior staff on an annual basis.
108   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Corporate Governance Report




      POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
      The Company has implemented a proactive and flexible dividend policy. Future profit distributions may be
      carried out in the form of cash dividends or stock dividends or by interim cash profit distributions. The
      dividend policy shall maintain consistency and stability. In case that the legal conditions as mentioned below
      for both cash dividends and stock dividends are satisfied, cash dividends shall prevail.

      The Company’s dividend policy shall be determined by the Board of Directors based on the business
      development and performance of our Company and will be subject to the approval of the shareholders’
      general meeting.

      Subject to the satisfaction of conditions for cash dividend distribution provided in the PRC Company Law,
      the Company shall in principle pay cash dividend once each fiscal year. The Board of Directors may
      propose to pay an interim profit distribution depending on the profitability and capital reserve of our
      Company. In addition, the Board of Directors may put forward a stock dividend distribution proposal in
      addition to cash dividend after considering factors such as our Company’s performance, share price, share
      capital scale and debt structure.

      The Company expects that, in the future, the principal source of profits for the payment of dividends will be
      income from its operating business, and dividends and other payments received from current and future
      direct and indirect subsidiaries. The determination of each subsidiary’s ability to pay dividends is subject to
      applicable law.

      On the basis of the unconsolidated financial statements of the Company and subject to PRC law, the
      Articles of Association and the Company’s capital needs for normal production and operation, planned
      investments and other significant capital outlays, the annual cash dividends shall, in principle, account for at
      least 20%, and contingent upon each year’s performance, not less than 15% of the Company’s net profits
      for the prior fiscal year which are available for distribution and attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
      the Company, calculated in accordance with PRC GAAP.

      After the completion of the Privatisation Proposal of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. and with the
      improvement in the efficiency of capital use and operating capacity, the Company gradually increased the
      dividend rate since 2021 to enhance the return of all shareholders.

      From 2026 to 2028, the proportion of dividend to profit (consolidated profit attributable to owners of the
      Company) to be distributed in cash each year shall be gradually increased. In 2026, the proportion of cash
      dividend payout ratio shall be no less than 58%. For 2027 and 2028, the cash dividend payout ratio shall be
      no less than 60%.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   109

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing financial statements of the Group in accordance
with relevant statutory requirements and generally accepted accounting principles and ensuring that the
financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position. In preparing the financial
statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025, the Directors have adopted suitable
accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent and
reasonable; and prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.

The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report of this Annual Report.

The Board aims to present a comprehensive, balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
development and prospects in all corporate communications, including but not limited to annual, interim and
quarterly reports, any price sensitive announcements and financial disclosures required under the relevant
listing rules of the places where its securities are listed and other regulations, any reports to regulators as
well as to information required to be disclosed pursuant to other statutory requirements.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Group is committed to implementing and maintaining effective risk management and internal controls
procedures to identify and manage the risks faced by the Group, as well as to safeguard the interests of the
Group and our shareholders as a whole. The Board would ensure that adequate resources and management
attention will be devoted to strengthen its internal controls and risk management procedures.

The Board is responsible for overseeing adequate internal controls and risk management procedures in the
Group, reviewing their effectiveness on an on-going basis, and ensuring the Management has clearly defined
the authorities and key responsibilities of each business and operational unit for adequate checks and
balances.

The Board has delegated to the Management the design, implementation and monitoring of the Group’s risk
management and internal control systems covering all material aspects, including financial, operational, ESG,
information security, risk management functions and in compliance with all relevant regulations. Such
systems are designed to manage the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and provide reasonable,
but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Board is also responsible for ensuring that the Management has discharged its duty to have an effective
internal control system in terms of the adequacy of resources, qualification and experience of staff of the
Company’s finance reporting and internal audit functions, as well as these relating to the Company’s ESG
performance and reporting and their training programme and budget.

Control Environment
—    Risk awareness and control responsibility are built into the company culture and are regarded as the
     foundation of risk management and internal control systems;

—    An effective internal audit function is maintained which is independent from operational management;

—    Whistleblowing Guideline of the Company is in place.
110   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Corporate Governance Report




      RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
      Internal Auditing Function
      In response to the broadening of the Group’s scope of business activities and the increase in geographical
      locations in which it operates, to face the challenges of the fast growing trend of new business and the
      related financial and operational risks, the Group has continuously strengthened the functions of its Internal
      Audit Department. It provides independent and objective assurance, and consulting activity designed to add
      value and improve Company’s operations. It helps the Group in accomplishing its objectives by bringing a
      systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and
      governance processes.

      The Internal Audit Department also provides independent and reasonably assurance that the internal controls
      system is effective and efficient. In order to carry out its functions, the Internal Audit Department is given
      unrestricted access to all business operations and personnel, all business files and accounting records. The
      head of the Department reports directly and regularly to the Audit Committee and CEO respectively on the
      findings of audit matters. The work schedule of the Internal Audit Department is based on an annual audit
      program reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee.

      Risk Management
      An enterprise-wide risk assessment with the Management and key-process owners had been institutionalised
      to identify major risks of all levels and to review the effectiveness of the key controls and mechanisms in
      place. It is intended that the risk management framework would be able to raise risk-awareness within senior
      management such that a safeguarding culture of the Group’s business and assets is to be developed and
      implemented.

      The Internal Audit Department of the Company plays a significant role in the risk management execution.
      Major risks of all levels facing the Group are identified and evaluated, and the management ultimately
      reviewed the identification and evaluation of these risks. Based on these procedures, mitigation measures
      and plans with respect to each key risk identified are developed and implemented, which include
      establishing or enhancing internal controls, with regular review and update so as to mitigate the risks to
      controllable range. The process of the work performed are reported regularly to the Audit Committee and
      the Board on their scheduled meetings.

      Control Process
      The Company recognizes that the assessment of the internal control system is an on-going process, and
      management enhancements are required to address deficiencies in internal controls over operations,
      compliance on regulations including listing rules of the places where the securities are listed, and financial
      and non-financial reporting.

      There is a clearly-defined management structure with specified authority limits and segregated responsibilities
      to achieve business control objectives and safeguard of assets. Guidelines and approval limits for operating
      and capital expenditures are set clearly in advance, with division of operations and with financial personnel
      responsible for the different approval processes. An internal budget system as well as expense system have
      been used to enhance the controls and effectiveness embedded in the approval process. Detective controls
      are also in place as safeguards on business and operational processes.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   111

                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
Control Process (continued)
The Internal Audit Department establishes an annual internal control review plan for major internal control
systems covering areas including operational control, financial control, compliance control (including review of
controls on continuing connected transactions), and information security. The review tasks on various
internal controls are prioritized in accordance with the risk level assessed, or where significant changes have
taken place, or where new businesses have been set up.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Internal Audit Department has conducted a review of the
effectiveness of the Group’s internal control procedures on the major business and operational processes.
Findings and recommendations for further improvements have been reported to the Audit Committee as well
as the Board. Such recommendations have been or are being implemented by the Management with regular
review.

Review of Control Effectiveness
The Audit Committee reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems by
reviewing the internal control assessment report of the Internal Audit Department at least twice in a year.
The Board has, through the Audit Committee, reviewed and considered that for the year ended 31
December 2025, the Group’s risk management and internal control systems were effective and adequate.

As part of the audit of the financial statements, the external auditors have issued their standard unqualified
report on their audit of the Company’s internal control on financial reporting system.

Inside Information
The Company has adopted the following procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination
of inside information:

(i)     the Company keeps updated on the obligations under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, the
        applicable listing rules and other statutory regulations with regard to the timely and proper disclosure
        of inside information and authorizes the disclosure through the publication of announcements as
        required;

(ii)    the Company implemented an Inside Information Disclosure Policy which the Company’s spokespersons
        have to strictly follow in communicating with the public;

(iii)   the Company adopted a Model Code for securities transactions by Directors, and by employees who
        are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company on no less exacting
        terms than that for the Directors; and

(iv)    the Company included in the employee conduct code that unauthorised uses of confidential and inside
        information are strictly prohibited.
112   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Corporate Governance Report




      ANTI-CORRUPTION
      Haier Smart Home strictly complies with the laws and regulations in China and other overseas places of
      operations related to anti-bribery, anti-fraud, anti-extortion and anti-money laundering. The Company has
      formulated and strictly implemented the Code of Commercial Conduct of Haier Group, the Anti-fraud
      Regulations, the Employee Code of Conduct of Haier Smart Home, the Management Policy of Black List of
      suppliers and other related policies in the world. The Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and
      supervising the Company’s policies and measures that are related to compliance of laws and regulations.

      The Company has set up an anti-fraud working committee in 2022 comprising of staff of internal control,
      legal and various business lines to perform anti-corruption and anti-malpractice tasks, actively promoted the
      development and implementation of anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and other systems related to
      commercial ethics. The working committee regularly identifies commercial ethics risks, so as to carry out
      specialised anti-corruption audits and report to and are monitored by the Board of Directors and the Audit
      Committee, and strive to create an honest and ethical business environment.

      The Company continues to optimize the Anti-fraud Regulations, improve the functions of each department in
      the audit of anti-corruption, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering, strengthen the early risk management, put
      forward the requirement to strengthen self-detection capabilities, and upgrade the internal control system
      and the measures to promote anti-fraud, as well as further enhance risk identification. Meanwhile, the
      Company applies big data cloud monitoring system to conduct early risk warning and investigation, regularly
      identify and sort out fraud risks at all levels of the Company, including factories, industries and platforms,
      identify risks in business scenarios through risk audits, and facilitate governance and mitigation of risks
      through establishing various mechanisms.

      REMUNERATION OF EXTERNAL AUDITORS
      The domestic and overseas auditors of the Company for 2025 were Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP
      and HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited.

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the annual audit fees and non-audit fee payable/paid by the
      Group to Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP was RMB6.55 million and RMB2.23 million, respectively.
      The non-audit services mainly included internal control review service.

      The audit fees and non-audit fee payable/paid by the Group to HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited were
      RMB3.74 million and RMB0.15 million, respectively. The non-audit services mainly included review of the
      continuing connected transactions.




      26 March 2026
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   113

                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended
31 December 2025.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to be engaged in smart home business in
China and overseas, evolving around a comprehensive portfolio of home appliances established over the
years, covering primarily refrigeration appliances, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances and
water appliances, with value-added consumer services. There was no significant changes in the nature of the
Group’s principal activities during the year. The principal activities of the Company also includes investment
holding.

Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance,
including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group and an indication of the
Group’s likely future developments, can be found in the Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Business
Review and Financial Review set out on pages 5 to 14 and 26 to 81 of this Annual Report. Such
information forms part of the Report of The Directors.

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the Group’s financial position as at that date
are set out in the financial statements on pages 163 to 315.

On 28 August 2025, the Directors of the Company recommended the payment of an interim dividend for the
six months ended 30 June 2025 of RMB2.69 in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax) (for the six
months ended 30 June 2024: nil). This interim dividend distribution proposal was approved at the
Company’s 2025 first extraordinary general meeting on 16 October 2025, and the interim dividend
(RMB2.692 as adjusted for every 10 shares) was distributed to shareholders during November 2025.

The Directors of the Company recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December
2025 of RMB8.867 (2024: RMB9.6504 (adjusted)) in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax).

SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
appropriate, is set out on page 316. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment, and investment properties of the Group during
the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in notes 14 and 15 to the financial statements, respectively.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out
in note 36 to the financial statements.
114   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
      There are no provisions in the relevant PRC laws and the Company’s Articles of Association for granting
      pre-emptive rights to the Company’s existing shareholders.

      PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
      COMPANY
      Repurchases of H-Shares
      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company repurchased certain of its ordinary H-Shares on
      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and these shares were subsequently cancelled by the Company.
      The summary details of those transactions are as follows:


                                                   Number of
                                                    H-Shares         Price per share              Total price
        Month                                    repurchased      Highest          Lowest                paid
                                                                     HK$             HK$              HK$’M


        September 2025                                2,450,000     27.00             24.76             62.86
        December 2025                                 1,361,000     27.30             26.58             36.71


                                                      3,811,000                                         99.57


      The issued capital H-Shares of the Company was reduced by the par value thereof. The premium paid on
      the repurchases of the Company’s H-Shares of RMB87 million has been charged to the share premium
      account of the Company. The repurchase of the Company’s H-Shares during the year was effected by the
      Directors, pursuant to the mandate from shareholders sought at the annual general meeting and the class
      meetings held on 28 May 2025 regarding the repurchases of H-Shares.

      The Directors made the repurchases when the H-Shares were trading at a discount to their underlying value
      so as to flexibly adjust the capital structure of the Company based on market conditions. It would be
      beneficial to the Company’s shareholders who retain their investment in the Company as their proportionate
      interest in the assets and earnings of the Company would increase in proportion to the number of H-Shares
      repurchased by the Company.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   115

                                                                                 Report of the Directors




PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY (continued)
Repurchases of A-Shares
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company repurchased certain of its ordinary A-Shares on
The Shanghai Stock Exchange. The summary details of those transactions are as follows:


                                    Number of
                                      A-Share               Price per share                     Total price
 Months                           repurchased            Highest          Lowest                       paid
                                                            RMB             RMB                    RMB’M


 April 2025                          6,071,800              25.29               23.60                 148.79
 May 2025                            6,364,200              26.30               25.07                 163.59
 June 2025                          19,394,800              25.28               24.30                 481.97
 July 2025                           1,550,000              26.05               24.83                  39.71
 August 2025                         2,565,400              25.65               24.82                  64.93
 September 2025                      4,536,300              26.64               25.16                 117.83
 November 2025                         420,000              27.53               26.82                  11.36
 December 2025                       1,923,200              27.54               26.02                  51.64


                                    42,825,700                                                      1,079.83


The repurchases of the Company’s A-Shares during the year were effected by the Directors, pursuant to a
board resolution passed on 27 March 2025 regarding the repurchase of A-Shares. The A-shares
repurchased will be used in the Company’s share incentive plans.

A total of 42,825,700 A-Share were repurchased during the year but not yet cancelled as at 31 December
2025, and will be used in other share incentive plans of the Company.

During the year, 31,481,400 A-share treasury shares had been transferred to the 2025 A-share Core
Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company in June 2025, and 1,472,684 A-Share treasury shares
were cancelled in December 2025 in accordance with a resolution passed at the 2025 First Extraordinary
General Meeting of the Company. As at 31 December 2025, the Company held a total of 69,791,486
A-Share treasury shares and will be used in other share incentive plans.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any
of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) during the year ended 31 December
2025.

Saved as disclosed above, there were no other treasury shares held by the Company as at 31 December
2025.

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in note 49
to the financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.
116   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
      At 31 December 2025, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the
      provisions of the Company Law of the PRC, amounted to approximately RMB11.6 billion, of which RMB8
      billion has been proposed as a final dividend for the year.

      ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
      The Board of Directors is the highest governing and decision-making body for ESG matters of the Company.
      Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (ESG Committee) is to assist the Board with ESG
      governance and information disclosure issues. The Board regularly assesses, prioritizes and manages ESG
      issues (including risks and materiality to the Company’s business). It also regularly reviews the results of the
      assessment, identifies ESG issues material to the Company’s development, and is informed of management
      actions and recommendations taken.

      The Company has established effective ESG strategies and continuously explores ways to enhance ESG
      performance. The Board regularly reviews these strategies to ensure alignment with the Company’s business
      development strategy. The ESG Executive Working Group, comprising senior executives from various
      departments, regularly reports on internal ESG matters to the ESG Committee, implements the Company’s
      ESG policies, and provides recommendations.

      The Company has established multi-dimensional ESG goals linked to business operations, balancing ESG
      goals with business objectives. The Board has reviewed and discussed these goals and regularly monitors
      progress. During the reporting year, all ESG work objectives have achieved planned progress.

      Throughout the year, the Board has continued to monitor the latest ESG regulatory requirements and trends
      both domestically and internationally. These latest requirements, such as the disclosure of
      sustainability-related financial information and climate-related disclosures etc., further standardize
      sustainability disclosure requirements for listed companies. To address these regulatory requirements and
      enhance ESG performance, the Board has actively undertaken preparatory work, including relevant general
      training, organizing discussions and research, and developing action plans.

      In 2025, a year of significant transformation and challenge, Haier Smart Home remained firmly committed to
      putting users first, integrating sustainability principles into both our corporate strategy and daily operations.
      We believe that strong ESG practices are not only a corporate responsibility in the face of global challenges,
      but also a key driver of long-term growth and future competitiveness. In 2025, we maintained our industry-
      leading position across multiple authoritative ESG ratings. These achievements are made with the dedication
      of all Haier Smart Home employees, and with the trust and support of our global ecosystem partners,
      investors, and communities.

      At Haier Smart Home, we have always treated ESG as a strategic pillar of corporate governance. Rooted in
      the “RenDanHeYi” model, our ESG philosophy aims to deliver the best user experiences through innovative
      products, services, and business models, while achieving harmony between business growth, the
      environment, and society. We have elevated ESG management to the heart of our corporate strategy,
      embedding it across governance, operations, and the full product lifecycle to create sustainable long-term
      value for all stakeholders.
                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   117

                                                                                           Report of the Directors




ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE (continued)
Over the past year, we have made systematic and substantive progress across ESG governance,
stakeholder engagement, climate action, zero-carbon parks, green supply chains, and community
contributions:

(i)     We have established a global ESG governance framework covering governance, management, and
        execution;

(ii)    We have built routine, multi-channel stakeholder engagement mechanisms, including ESG-focused
        briefings, surveys, and interviews, to continuously gather expectations and feedback from investors,
        customers, employees, communities, and suppliers. Actionable feedback has been incorporated into
        ESG target-setting and performance improvement;

(iii)   In 2025, we formally established a Climate Change Committee led by our top management decision-
        making body and published the Haier Smart Home Carbon Neutrality White Paper. The white paper
        sets out our carbon neutrality roadmap, key initiatives, and technology pathways, reflecting a firm and
        transparent commitment to addressing climate change;

(iv)    We have also developed an industry-leading “6-Green” supply chain system (Green Design, Green
        Procurement, Green Manufacturing, Green Logistics, Green Recycling, and Green Services), embedding
        sustainability principles throughout the entire product lifecycle. This system has driven green upgrades
        across the supply chain;

(v)     In 2025, we continued to implement the “RenDanHeYi” management model globally, encouraging
        employee innovation, valuing individual contributions, and fostering an open, diverse, and inclusive work
        environment. This has cultivated a corporate culture of entrepreneurship and innovation;

(vi)    As a responsible corporate citizen, we actively fulfill our social responsibility worldwide. Through education
        support, disaster relief, community development, and other initiatives, we give back to local
        communities, strengthening relationships and continuing to build our brand reputation and trust.

Further discussions of the above is set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which are
issued separately.
118   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
      The Board is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with
      legal and regulatory requirements, with the assistance of the Internal Audit Department, the Legal
      Department and the Board Secretary office of the Company. The Company has in place compliance
      procedures to ensure adherence to the laws and regulations that are relevant to the Group.

      We are of the view that, the Group had complied, in all material respects, with all relevant laws and
      regulations in the jurisdictions we operate in during the year. Particularly, our business operated in the PRC
      territory complied with relevant PRC laws and regulations in all material respects, and no material
      administrative penalties imposed on us have been found that may have a material adverse effect on our
      Group’s business operations. We have cultivated a culture of compliance by implementing various measures
      and processes to ensure that the behaviour of our employees meets compliance requirements and our
      compliance culture is embedded into our everyday workflow.

      The Group’s staff are regularly briefed and updated from time to time on the relevant changes in laws and
      regulations so as to enhance their awareness of compliance obligations.

      MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
      In the year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of the
      total sales for the year. Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of
      the total purchases for the year.

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, Haier Group Corporation, the substantial shareholders of the
      Company, had beneficial interests in one of the Group’s five largest suppliers.

      Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders of the
      Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued
      share capital had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.

      DIRECTORS
      The Directors of the Company during the year were:

      Executive directors:                                  Independent Non-executive directors:
      Mr. LI Huagang                                        Mr. WONG Hak Kun
       (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)               Mr. LI Shipeng
      Mr. Kevin Nolan (appointed on 28 May 2025)            Mr. WU Qi
                                                            Mr. WANG Hua (appointed on 28 May 2025)
      Non-executive directors:
      Mr. GONG Wei (Vice Chairman)                             Employee Representative Director:
      Mr. YU Hon To, David                                     Ms. SUN Danfeng (appointed on 28 May 2025)
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
      Mr. LI Shaohua (appointed on 28 May 2025)
      Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman) (retired on 28 May 2025)
      Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (retired on 28 May 2025)
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   119

                                                                                  Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS (continued)
As the term of the 11th session of the Board expired in June 2025, in accordance with relevant
requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, and the opinions from the nomination
committee of the Board, the appointments of two Executive Directors, four Non-executive Directors, four
Independent Non-executive Directors and an Employee Representative Director of the 12th session of the
Board have been considered and approved by the Board as follows:

1.   Executive Directors: Mr. LI Huagang and Mr. Kevin Nolan;

2.   Non-executive Directors: Mr. GONG Wei (as executive director till 28 May 2025), Mr. YU Hon To, David,
     Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun (as independent non-executive director till 28 May 2025) and Mr. Li Shaohua;

3.   Independent Non-executive Directors: Mr. WONG Hak Kun, Mr. LI Shipeng, Mr. WU Qi and Mr. Wang
     Hua;

4.   Employee Representative Director: Ms. SUN Danfeng

The resolution on the changes of the Board of Directors had been duly adopted as an ordinary resolution at
the annual general meeting of the Company convened on 28 May 2025 (“AGM”). These eleven Directors
were elected at the AGM and compose the 12th session of the Board of the Company. Each of these
eleven Directors has obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules on
28 May 2025 and confirmed that he/she understood his/her obligations as a director of the Company.

The term of the 12th session of the Board of the Company would be three years. The term of office for
each Director has been effective upon the consideration and approval at the annual general meeting of the
Company convened on 28 May 2025. Each of the Directors has entered into a service contract with the
Company.

The retiring Directors of the 11th session of the Board, namely Ms. SHAO Xinzhi and Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun,
confirmed that they had no disagreement with the Board, and there were no other matters that should be
brought to the attention of the shareholders.

The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of Mr. WONG Hak Kun,
Mr. LI Shipeng, Mr. WU Qi, and Mr. WANG Hua and as at the date of this report, the Board still considers
them independent on the basis of such confirmations.

DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company and the senior management of the
Group are set out on pages 15 to 25 of the annual report.

CHANGES OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
There is no changes of Directors’ information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules since the publication of the Company’s 2025 interim report.
120   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
      During the year, no Director or Supervisor had a service contract with the Company or any of its
      subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation,
      other than statutory compensation.

      PERMITTED INDEMNITY
      A Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance is in place to protect the Directors and officers of the Group
      against any potential liability arising from the Group’s activities which such directors and officers may be
      held liable.

      DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
      The Directors’ fees are subject to shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are
      determined by the Company’s Board with reference to Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance
      and the results of the Group.

      Details of directors’ remuneration are set out in notes 8 and 13 to the financial statements.

      The remuneration of non-executive Directors consists of three components: fixed remuneration, service
      compensation and floating allowances:

      i)     Fixed remuneration: RMB360,000 per year before tax.

      ii)    Service compensation: depending on the non-executive Directors’ positions on the relevant special
             committees, the allowance before tax for chairman of the relevant special committees is RMB30,000
             each year, the allowance before tax for member of the relevant special committees is RMB20,000 each
             year, if he/she serves as the chairman/chairlady or member of more than one committee, the
             allowance amount can be calculated cumulatively and paid based on the annual performance
             assessment.

      iii)   Floating allowance: Allowances for non-executive Directors’ on-site participations in the general meetings,
             the Board meetings, relevant special committee meetings, researches are standardized at RMB5,000/
             person/day. In addition, the travel expenses for attending Board meetings and general meetings and
             fees incurred reasonably in the performance of their duties under the articles of the associations of the
             Company by non-executive Directors are reimbursed as expensed.

      The non-executive Directors who have labor contractual relationships with Haier Group Corporation and its
      subsidiaries do not receive Directors’ remuneration from the Company.

      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
      ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
      Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, no director or supervisor nor a
      connected entity of a director or supervisor had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
      transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company,
      the holding companies of the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a
      party during the year.
                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025    121

                                                                                                      Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, none of the Directors is interested in any
businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
Group.

INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND CEO IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
At 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive (CEO) in the
share capital and underlying shares (“Share(s)”) of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, were as follows:

Long positions in shares of the Company:


                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                    Approximate percentage* of
                                                                                                  percentage* of shareholding
                                                                                                    shareholding interest in the
                                                                                                  interest in the    total share
                                                 Class of          Number of Nature of            relevant class capital of the
    Names                Positions               Shares held      Shares held interest                 of Shares       Company


    Mr. LI Huagang       Chairman of the         A Share             1,156,699 Beneficial owner          0.0185%           0.0123%
                           Board, Executive      H Share             1,049,745 Beneficial owner          0.0368%           0.0112%
                           Director and CEO

    Mr. Kevin Nolan      Executive Director,     H Share               315,546 Beneficial owner          0.0111%           0.0034%
                           Vice President

    Mr. GONG Wei         Vice Chairman of the    A Share             2,124,906 Beneficial owner          0.0340%           0.0227%
                            Board, Non-          H Share               142,600 Beneficial owner          0.0050%           0.0015%
                            executive Director

    Mr. YU Hon To,       Non-executive           H Share               810,000 Beneficial owner          0.0284%           0.0086%
      David                Director

    Mr. LI Shaohua       Non-executive           A Share               102,633 Beneficial owner          0.0016%           0.0011%
                           Director              H Share               401,577 Beneficial owner          0.0141%           0.0043%

    Ms. SUN Danfeng      Employee                A Share                42,563 Beneficial owner          0.0007%           0.0005%
                           Representative        H Share               154,921 Beneficial owner          0.0054%           0.0017%
                           Director

*       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2025 totalling 9,377,629,650
        comprise 6,253,028,411 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,853,587,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.68%, 2.89%
        and 30.43% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.
122   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND CEO IN
      SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Long positions in shares of the Company: (continued)
      Apart from above, the following Directors and CEO are also the grantees of the A Share ESOP, H Share
      ESOP and H Share RSU Scheme of the Company:

                                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                               Number of               Approximate           percentage* of
                                                                                              outstanding            percentage* of    shareholding interest
                                                                                                 shares of    shareholding interest              in the total
                                                                                       ESOP/RSU Scheme         in the relevant class           share capital
          Names                       Positions                     Class of Shares      (Year of granted)                 of Shares        of the Company


          Mr. LI Huagang              Chairman of the Board,        A Share             95,056 (2023 ESOP)                 0.0015%                  0.0010%
                                         Executive Director                            240,331 (2024 ESOP)                 0.0038%                  0.0026%
                                         and CEO                                       282,744 (2025 ESOP)                 0.0045%                  0.0030%
                                                                    H Share             98,060 (2023 ESOP)                 0.0034%                  0.0010%
                                                                                       242,478 (2024 ESOP)                 0.0085%                  0.0026%
                                                                                       325,827 (2025 ESOP)                 0.0114%                  0.0035%
                                                                                      431,537 (vested ESOP)                0.0151%                  0.0046%

          Mr. Kevin Nolan             Executive Director, Vice      H Share                       580,224                  0.0203%                  0.0062%
                                         President                                      (2023 RSU Scheme)
                                                                                                  956,512                  0.0335%                  0.0102%
                                                                                        (2025 RSU Scheme)

          Ms. GONG Wei                Vice Chairman of the Board,   A Share             46,859 (2023 ESOP)                 0.0007%                  0.0005%
                                         Non-executive Director                         90,597 (2024 ESOP)                 0.0014%                  0.0010%
                                                                                        98,233 (2025 ESOP)                 0.0016%                  0.0010%
                                                                    H Share             48,340 (2023 ESOP)                 0.0017%                  0.0005%
                                                                                        91,406 (2024 ESOP)                 0.0032%                  0.0010%
                                                                                       113,201 (2025 ESOP)                 0.0040%                  0.0012%
                                                                                      233,921 (vested ESOP)                0.0082%                  0.0025%

          Mr. LI Shaohua              Non-executive Director        A Share             26,616 (2023 ESOP)                 0.0004%                  0.0003%
                                                                                        47,470 (2024 ESOP)                 0.0008%                  0.0005%
                                                                                        56,133 (2025 ESOP)                 0.0009%                  0.0006%
                                                                    H Share             27,458 (2023 ESOP)                 0.0010%                  0.0003%
                                                                                        47,893 (2024 ESOP)                 0.0017%                  0.0005%
                                                                                        64,686 (2025 ESOP)                 0.0023%                  0.0007%
                                                                                       31,422 (vested ESOP)                0.0011%                  0.0003%

          Ms. SUN Danfeng             Employee Representative       A Share             35,701 (2023 ESOP)                 0.0006%                  0.0004%
                                        Director                                        74,336 (2024 ESOP)                 0.0012%                  0.0008%
                                                                                        99,792 (2025 ESOP)                 0.0016%                  0.0011%


      *        The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2025 totalling 9,377,629,650
               comprise 6,253,028,411 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,853,587,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.68%, 2.89%
               and 30.43% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.
                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025    123

                                                                                                     Report of the Directors




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND CEO IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
Long positions in shares of the Company: (continued)
On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with a placing agent for a placing of
new H Shares of the Company under general mandate. A total of 41,413,600 H Shares have been placed to
five placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected
with the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price is HK$28.00 per H Share. The following
directors of the Company have invested indirectly in the structured notes issued by Golden Sunflower, one
of the placees, through the trusts and asset management schemes. The details of their capital contribution
remaining as at 31 December 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                               Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                            percentage* of         shareholding
                                                          Amount               Relevant        shareholding      interest in the
                                                       contributed           number of       interest in the         total share
                                                          (In HK$             placing H      relevant class       capital of the
    Name                   Positions                       million)              shares           of Shares            Company


    Mr. LI Huagang         Chairman of the                      7.34            262,122             0.0092%              0.0028%
                             Board, Executive
                             Director and CEO

    Mr. GONG Wei           Vice Chairman of the                 3.67            131,061             0.0046%              0.0014%
                              Board, Non-
                              executive Director

*      The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2025 totalling 9,377,629,650
       comprise 6,253,028,411 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,853,587,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.68%, 2.89%
       and 30.43% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.
124   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND CEO IN
      SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Long positions in underlying shares of the Company pursuant to share options:


                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                      Approximate       percentage* of
                                                                                                   percentage* of          shareholding
                                                                                                      shareholding       interest in the
                                                                                   Number of        interest in the          total share
                                                                                share options       relevant class        capital of the
                                                                                 granted and       of Shares upon       Company upon
                                                               Class of               not yet          exercise of          exercise of
          Names                     Positions                  Shares               exercised        share options        share options


          Mr. LI Huagang            Chairman of the            A Share                  182,788             0.0029%              0.0019%
                                      Board, Executive
                                      Director and CEO

          Mr. GONG Wei              Vice Chairman of the       A Share                   91,394             0.0015%              0.0010%
                                       Board, Non-
                                       executive Director

          Mr. LI Shaohua            Non-executive Director A Share                       31,214             0.0005%              0.0003%

          Ms. SUN Danfeng           Employee                   A Share                   18,728             0.0003%              0.0002%
                                      Representative
                                      Director

      Note: The exercise price of each of the above A Share options is RMB25.63 for subscription of one share. The exercisable period is from
            15 September 2022 to 15 September 2027.

      *      The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2025 totalling 9,377,629,650
             comprise 6,253,028,411 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,853,587,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.68%, 2.89%
             and 30.43% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.


      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors and CEO had any interests or
      short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporation (within the
      meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant
      to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
      pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
      Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   125

                                                                                    Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme
The Company adopted the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025), the H Share
Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025) and the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme
(RSU) at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2021 (“2020 AGM”).

It is expected that relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside within Mainland China will mainly be
covered by the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, while relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside
outside Mainland China will mainly be covered by the RSU Scheme. The scheme shares for A Share and H
Share ESOPs and RSU Scheme are funded by existing shares of the Company.

The A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme are designed to provide incentive to middle and senior
management and core employees with the Company’s two to three-year profit target, and business unit and
individual performance target as the main appraisal benchmarks. There is no consideration to be paid by the
participants for the shares awarded under the A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme, which aligns
with the purpose of the share aware scheme to attract and retain the services of directors and employees.

Pursuant to the authorisation sought at the 2020 AGM, the Board has the sole discretion of determining the
list of employees entitled to participate in the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP and the allocation for
subsequent phases. The decision would be based on the rules of the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP,
changes in the workforce and performance assessment results, and the Board was authorized to make
adjustments. Also, the Board or its delegatee may, from time to time, select any eligible person to be a
selected participant in accordance with the RSU Scheme Rules.

A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP
The purposes of the ESOP are to drive employees’ entrepreneurship and innovation with “Rendanheyi”; to
enhance corporate governance mechanism and create shareholders’ value; and to attract talents and
innovate the remuneration management system of the Company.

Participants of the ESOP shall be the directors (except for independent directors), supervisors and senior
officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries.

With the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting, the board of directors shall have the right to decide on
the establishment of an independent ESOP for each year from 2021 to 2025 based on the actual needs.
The duration of each ESOP shall not exceed five years, calculated from the time when the Company
announces that the underlying shares obtained in the last time for each year are recorded to the ESOP for
that year. After the expiration of the duration, the ESOP shall be terminated, or may be extended after being
approved by the board of directors with the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting.
126   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP (continued)
      The ESOP for each year shall be independent of each other, but the total number of shares held by each
      established and existing ESOP (including A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP) shall not exceed 10% of the
      total share capital of the Company, and the total number of shares corresponding to a single employee’s
      share in the existing ESOPs shall not exceed 1% of the total amount of the Company’s share capital.

      During the year, in order to improve the corporate governance mechanism, create value for shareholders and
      promote the full implementation of the Company’s smart home brand strategy, the Company introduced the
      A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2025) and the H Share Core Employees Ownership Plan
      (2025) upon the approval at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company convened on 29 April
      2025, with the subsequent authorization at the 2024 AGM of the Company.

      A Share ESOP (2023)
      There were no more than 2,400 employees participating in the 2023 ESOP. The total amount of funds used
      to participate in the 2023 ESOP was RMB565.50 million. There are 14 directors, supervisors and senior
      officers with a total holding of RMB31.42 million, accounting for 5.6% of the ESOP. There are 2,386 core
      technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, with a total holding of RMB534.08
      million, accounting for 94.4% of the ESOP.

      The source of shares for the ESOP were the repurchased shares of the Company in the repurchase special
      account. The 2023 ESOP established a lock-up period of 12 months from the date of disclosure of the
      announcement on completion of transfer of the repurchased shares of the Company from the repurchase
      special account.

      On 17 July 2023, 25,117,000 Shares (average purchase cost was RMB22.49 per share) held in the
      “repurchase special account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.” were transferred to the designated account of
      “Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2023)” through non-trading
      transfer. The lock-up period is from 19 July 2023 to 18 July 2024.

      After the end of the lock-up period of the 2023 ESOP, the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested
      to the participants in two phases (40% and 60% respectively). The specific vesting time shall be determined
      by the Management Committee after the end of the lock-up period.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   127

                                                                                   Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
A Share ESOP (2024)
There were no more than 2,366 employees participating in the 2024 ESOP. The total amount of funds used
to participate in the 2024 ESOP was RMB706.5 million. There are 13 directors, supervisors and senior
officers with a total holding of RMB34.59 million, accounting for 4.9% of the ESOP. There are 2,353 core
technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, with a total holding of RMB671.91
million, accounting for 95.1% of the ESOP.

The source of shares for the ESOP were the repurchased shares of the Company in the repurchase special
account. The 2024 ESOP established a lock-up period of 12 months from the date of disclosure of the
announcement on completion of transfer of the repurchased shares of the Company from the repurchase
special account.

On 12 July 2024, 31,266,608 Shares (average purchase cost was RMB22.58 per share) held in the
“repurchase special account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.” were transferred to the designated account of
“Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2024)” through non-trading
transfer. The lock-up period is from 13 July 2024 to 12 July 2025.

After the end of the lock-up period of the 2024 ESOP, the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested
to the participants in two phases (40% and 60% respectively). The specific vesting time shall be determined
by the Management Committee after the end of the lock-up period.

A Share ESOP (2025)
There should be no more than 2,570 employees participating in the 2025 ESOP. The total amount of funds
to be used to participate in the ESOP shall be RMB757.0 million, with “shares” as the subscription unit, and
each share is RMB1. There are 10 directors and senior officers with a total share of RMB31.34 million,
accounting for 4.1% of the ESOP. There are 2,560 core technical (business) personnel of the Company and
its subsidiaries, with a total share of RMB725.66 million, accounting for 95.9% of the ESOP.

The source of shares for the ESOP shall be the repurchased shares of the Company in the repurchase
special account. The ESOP shall establish a lock-up period of 12 months from the date of disclosure of the
announcement on completion of transfer of the repurchased shares of the Company from the repurchase
special account.

On 19 June 2025, 31,481,400 Shares (average purchase cost was RMB24.03 per share) held in the
“repurchase special account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.” were transferred to the designated account of
“Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2025)” through non-trading
transfer. The lock-up period is from 21 June 2025 to 20 June 2026.

After the end of the lock-up period, the Management Committee shall appraise the Participants according to
the performance appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two years. During the duration of
the ESOP, the Management Committee shall have the right to extend or shorten the appraisal period and
adjust the corresponding proportion of vesting. The underlying shares of the ESOP will be vested to the
participants in two phases. After the end of the lock-up period of the ESOP, the corresponding underlying
shares shall be vested to the participants in two phases (40% and 60% respectively). The specific vesting
time shall be determined by the Management Committee after the end of the lock-up period.
128   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      The following table discloses movements in the A Share ESOPs during the year:

                                                                          Vested
                                                    On      Granted       during    Cancelled     Lapsed             On
                                             1 January    during the    the year    during the     during   31 December    Date of grant of   Vesting period
          Name or category of Participants        2025          year       (Note)         year   the year          2025    A Share ESOP       for A Share ESOP

          Directors
          Mr. LI Huagang                        48,282           —            —        48,282          —             —     10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                               158,899           —        63,843           —           —         95,056    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                               282,743           —        42,412           —           —        240,331    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                                    —       282,744           —            —           —        282,744    20/06/2025         20/06/2025–30/06/2027

                                               489,924      282,744      106,255       48,282          —        618,131
          Mr. GONG Wei                          25,966           —            —        25,966          —             —     10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                78,331           —        31,472           —           —         46,859    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                               111,504           —        20,907           —           —         90,597    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                                    —        98,233           —            —           —         98,233    20/06/2025         20/06/2025–30/06/2027

                                               215,801       98,233       52,379       25,966          —        235,689
          Mr. LI Shaohua                        45,080           —        18,464            —          —         26,616    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                                59,735           —        12,265            —          —         47,470    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                                    —        56,133           —             —          —         56,133    20/06/2025         20/06/2025–30/06/2027

                                               104,815       56,133       30,729            —          —        130,219
          Ms. SUN Danfeng                       59,680           —        23,979            —          —         35,701    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                                92,920           —        18,584            —          —         74,336    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                                    —        99,792           —             —          —         99,792    20/06/2025         20/06/2025–30/06/2027

                                               152,600       99,792       42,563            —          —        209,829
          Subtotal                             963,140      536,902      231,926       74,248          —       1,193,868

          Other employees
          In aggregate                           11,880           —            —        11,880         —              —    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                             16,847,427           —     8,597,166    8,250,261         —              —    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                             30,719,706           —     7,313,388           —          —      23,406,318   12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                                     —    30,944,498           —            —          —      30,944,498   20/06/2025         20/06/2025–30/06/2027

                                             47,579,013   30,944,498   15,910,554    8,262,141         —      54,350,816
          Total                              48,542,153   31,481,400   16,142,480    8,336,389         —      55,544,684

          The five highest paid employees
            among the Participants are as
            follows:
          In aggregate                          48,282           —            —        48,282          —             —     10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                               417,177           —       148,141      173,980          —         95,056    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                               731,858           —       107,071           —           —        624,787    12/07/2024         12/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                                    —       740,124           —            —           —        740,124    20/06/2025         20/06/2025–30/06/2027

          Total                               1,197,317     740,124      255,212      222,262          —       1,459,967

      #
                  Ms. SHAO Xinzhi retired as director on 28 May 2025. Mr. LIU Dalin and Mr. YU Miao retired as supervisors on 28 May 2025. Their
                  A Share ESOPs up to 28 May 2025 were 183,985, 87,612 and 29,227, respectively.
                                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025      129

                                                                                                         Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
The closing price of the Company’s A Share immediately before the grant date of the A Share ESOP was
RMB24.7 per share. The fair values of the A Share ESOP granted on 20 June 2025 is RMB776 million. The
weighted average closing price of the share immediately before the vesting date of the A Share ESOP was
RMB25.1 per share.

The fair value of the A Share ESOP was calculated based on the market closing price of the Company’s
shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have been taken into account
when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares. Refer to note 37 of the consolidated financial
statements for the details of the fair value measurement of the A Share ESOP.

The purchase price of the above cancelled shares is RMB25.33 per share.

The granting mandate of each of the A Share ESOPs is only valid and effective for that particular year, and
therefore there is no remaining life for such A Share ESOPs as at the date of this annual report. As at
1 January and 31 December 2025, the number of share awards available for grant under the A Share
ESOPs was nil.

The particulars regarding dilution effect of the A Share ESOP are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.

Notes:


1.       The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2023) (“2023 ESOP”) are as follows:


         a.    Where the participants under the 2023 ESOP are the directors, president, supervisors and platform personnel of the Company,
               the appraisal rules for 2023 and 2024 are based on a weighted average of the completion rate of the compound growth rate
               of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and the completion rate of return on equity
               (hereinafter “Comprehensive Completion Rate”). The specific appraisal objectives and rules are as follows:


                                           Net profit attributable to the parent company
                                           after non-recurring items                            Return on equity (Note)

                  Performance appraisal    Growth rate of audited net profit attributable to    Audited return on equity (ROE) for 2023
                    indicators for 2023      the parent company after non-recurring items         not less than 16.8% (inclusive)
                                             for 2023 over net profit attributable to the
                                             parent company after non-recurring items for
                                             2022 not less than 15% (inclusive)
                  Performance appraisal    Compound growth rate of audited net profit           Audited return on equity (ROE) for 2024
                    indicators for 2024      attributable to the parent company after             not less than 16.8% (inclusive)
                                             non-recurring items for 2024 over net profit
                                             attributable to the parent company after
                                             non-recurring items for 2022 not less than 15%
                                             (inclusive)
                  Appraisal weighting      50%                                                  50%

               Note: Return on equity (ROE) refers to the weighted average return on equity. If the Company raises fund through capital
                     market such as a public offering or issuance of shares to specific targets during the term of the 2023 ESOP that
                     may have an impact on the Company’s net assets and ROE, the impact of such actions shall be excluded from the
                     calculation of ROE attributable to shareholders of the listed company for each appraisal year, and the appraisal
                     indicators in relation to ROE in each year’s appraisal criteria shall be adjusted accordingly. The details of the
                     adjustment plan will be considered by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of
                     directors for approval before implementation.
130   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      1.     The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2023) (“2023 ESOP”) are as follows: (continued)


             a.     (continued)


                    Comprehensive Completion Rate = 50%*completion rate of compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent
                    company after non-recurring items + 50%*completion rate of return on equity


                    Of which:


                    Completion rate of compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring
                    items = compound growth rate of audited net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items for the year
                    over net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items for 2022/15%


                    Completion rate of return on equity = audited return on equity for the year/16.8%


                    (1)    Appraisal indicators and vesting for 2023


                           If the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal of such Participants in 2023 are up to the standard, and the
                           Comprehensive Completion Rate in 2023 is more than 1 (inclusive), 40% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                           under the ESOP shall be vested to the Participants.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is between 0.8 (inclusive) to 1: ① for the completion rates of compound
                           growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity exceeding
                           0.8 (inclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                           and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for approval; ② for any of the completion rate of
                           compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity
                           below 0.8 (exclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Remuneration and
                           Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is less than 0.8 (exclusive), 40% of the Underlying Shares under the ESOP will
                           not be vested.


                    (2)    Appraisal indicators and vesting for 2024


                           If the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal of such Participants in 2024 are up to the standard, and the
                           Comprehensive Completion Rate in 2024 is more than 1 (inclusive), 60% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                           under the ESOP shall be vested to the Participants.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is between 0.8 (inclusive) to 1: ① for the completion rates of compound
                           growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity exceeding
                           0.8 (inclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                           and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for approval; ② for any of the completion rate of
                           compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity
                           below 0.8 (exclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Remuneration and
                           Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is less than 0.8 (exclusive), 60% of the Underlying Shares under the ESOP will
                           not be vested.


             b.     Where the participants under the 2023 ESOP are the persons other than those mentioned in item a above, 40% and 60% of
                    the interests of the underlying shares under the 2023 ESOP shall be vested respectively if the results of the Management
                    Committee’s assessment in 2023 and 2024 are up to the standard.
                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025       131

                                                                                                          Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
Notes: (continued)


2.     The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2024) (“2024 ESOP”) are as follows:


       1.     Where the Participants under the ESOP are the directors, president, supervisors and platform personnel of the Company, the
              appraisal rules for 2024 and 2025 are based on a weighted average of the completion rate of the compound growth rate of
              net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and the completion rate of return on equity
              (hereinafter “Comprehensive Completion Rate”). The specific appraisal objectives and rules are as follows:


                                           Net profit attributable to the parent company
                                           after non-recurring items                             Return on equity (Note)

                 Performance appraisal     Growth rate of audited net profit attributable to     Audited return on equity (ROE) for 2024
                   indicators for 2024       the parent company after non-recurring items          not less than 16.8% (inclusive)
                                             for 2024 over net profit attributable to the
                                             parent company after non-recurring items for
                                             2023 not less than 15% (inclusive)
                 Performance appraisal     Compound growth rate of audited net profit            Audited return on equity (ROE) for 2025
                   indicators for 2025       attributable to the parent company after              not less than 16.8% (inclusive)
                                             non-recurring items for 2025 over net profit
                                             attributable to the parent company after
                                             non-recurring items for 2023 not less than 15%
                                             (inclusive)
                 Appraisal weighting       50%                                                   50%

              Note: Return on equity (ROE) refers to the weighted average return on equity. If the Company raises fund through capital
                    market such as a public offering or issuance of shares to specific targets during the term of the ESOP that may have
                    an impact on the Company’s net assets and ROE, the impact of such actions shall be excluded from the calculation
                    of ROE attributable to shareholders of the listed company for each appraisal year, and the appraisal indicators in
                    relation to ROE in each year’s appraisal criteria shall be adjusted accordingly. The details of the adjustment plan will
                    be considered by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval
                    before implementation.


              Comprehensive Completion Rate = 50%*completion rate of compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent
              company after non-recurring items + 50%*completion rate of return on equity


              Of which:

              Completion rate of compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring
              items = compound growth rate of audited net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items for the year
              over net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items for 2023/15%
132   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      2.     The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2024) (“2024 ESOP”) are as follows: (continued)


             1.     (continued)


                    Completion rate of return on equity = audited return on equity for the year/16.8%


                    (1)    Appraisal indicators and vesting for 2024


                           If the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal of such Participants in 2024 are up to the standard, and the
                           Comprehensive Completion Rate in 2024 is more than 1 (inclusive), 40% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                           under the ESOP shall be vested to the Participants.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is between 0.8 (inclusive) to 1: ① for the completion rates of compound
                           growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity exceeding
                           0.8 (inclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                           and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for approval; ② for any of the completion rate of
                           compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity
                           below 0.8 (exclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Remuneration and
                           Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is less than 0.8 (exclusive), 40% of the Underlying Shares under the ESOP will
                           not be vested.


                    (2)    Appraisal indicators and vesting for 2025


                           If the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal of such Participants in 2025 are up to the standard, and the
                           Comprehensive Completion Rate in 2025 is more than 1 (inclusive), 60% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                           under the ESOP shall be vested to the Participants.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is between 0.8 (inclusive) to 1: ① for the completion rates of compound
                           growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity exceeding
                           0.8 (inclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                           and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for approval; ② for any of the completion rate of
                           compound growth rate of net profit attributable to the parent company after non-recurring items and return on equity
                           below 0.8 (exclusive), vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Remuneration and
                           Appraisal Committee and submitted to the board of directors for approval.


                           If the Comprehensive Completion Rate is less than 0.8 (exclusive), 60% of the Underlying Shares under the ESOP will
                           not be vested.


             2.     Where the Participants under the ESOP are the persons other than the Company’s directors, president, supervisors and
                    personnel of the Company’s platform mentioned in item 1 above, 40% and 60% of the interests of the Underlying Shares
                    under the ESOP shall be vested respectively if the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal conducted according to
                    its results in 2024 and 2025 are up to the standard.
                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025       133

                                                                                                           Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
Notes: (continued)


3.     The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (“2025 ESOP”) are as follows:


       1.     Where the participants under the ESOP are the directors, president and platform personnel of the Company, the appraisal
              rules for 2025 and 2026 are based on the completion rate of return on equity (ROE). The specific appraisal objectives and
              rules are as follows:


                                                         Return on equity (Note)

                     Performance appraisal               •       If ROE exceeds 17.7% (inclusive), 40% of the interest of the underlying
                       indicators for 2025                       shares under the ESOP shall be vested to the participants.

                     Performance appraisal               •       If ROE is between 16.8% (inclusive) to 17.7%, vesting shall be made after
                       indicators for 2026                       the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee
                                                                 and submitted to the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee for
                                                                 approval.

                                                         •       If ROE is below 16.8%, 40% of the underlying shares under the ESOP
                                                                 will not be vested.

              Note: (1) Excluding the impact of refinancing on ROE: If the Company raises fund through capital market by offering to specific
                    or nonspecific targets that may have an impact on the Company’s net assets and ROE, the impact of such actions
                    shall be excluded from the calculation of ROE attributable to shareholders of the listed company for each appraisal
                    year, and the appraisal indicators in relation to ROE in each year’s appraisal criteria shall be adjusted accordingly.
                    The details of the adjustment plan will be considered and approved by the board of directors before implementation;
                    (2) Excluding the impact of mergers and acquisitions on ROE: The impact of mergers and acquisitions occurring in
                    the appraisal year on the appraisal indicators shall be excluded in the appraisal year; (3) Exclusion of the impact of
                    asset sales on ROE: The impact of asset sales (including equity asset sales) occurring in the appraisal year on the
                    appraisal indicators shall be excluded in the appraisal year.


       2.     Where the participants under the ESOP are the persons other than the Company’s directors, president and personnel of the
              Company’s platform mentioned in item 1 above, 40% and 60% of the interests of the underlying shares under the ESOP
              shall be vested respectively if the results of the Management Committee’s appraisal conducted according to their
              performance in 2025 and 2026 are up to the standard.
134   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share ESOP (2023)
      Participants of the 2023 ESOP include the directors (except for independent directors) and senior officers of
      the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, totaling 34
      persons. There are 11 directors and senior officers, with a total holding of RMB33.19 million, accounting for
      47.1% of the 2023 ESOP. There are 23 other core management personnel of the Company, with a total
      holding of RMB37.31 million, accounting for 52.9% of the 2023 ESOP.

      The source of funds of the 2023 ESOP were the incentive funds withdrawn by the Company in the amount
      of RMB70.50 million. The source of shares of the 2023 ESOP were H shares of the Company purchased
      from the secondary market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

      The lock-up period is 12 months, calculated from the date when the Company announces that the last of
      underlying shares purchased are recorded in the 2023 ESOP.

      The Company entrusted an asset management company to purchase a total of 3,230,400 H Shares of the
      Company in the secondary market through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average transaction price
      of HKD23.62 per share and a transaction amount of approximately HK$76.3 million. The lock-up period is
      from 26 July 2023 to 25 July 2024.

      The assessment period is for two years, and upon the expiration of the lock-up period of the 2023 ESOP,
      40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested to the participants in two phases. The
      specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the lock-up
      period.

      Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the participants entrust the Management Committee to sell the underlying
      shares of the 2023 ESOP during the duration of the ESOP for cash settlement.

      H Share ESOP (2024)
      Participants of the 2024 ESOP include the directors (except for independent directors) and senior officers of
      the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, totaling 29
      persons. There are 11 directors and senior officers, with a total holding of RMB36.57 million, accounting for
      53.8% of the 2024 ESOP. There are 18 other core management personnel of the Company, with a total
      holding of RMB31.43 million, accounting for 46.2% of the 2024 ESOP.

      The source of funds of the 2024 ESOP were the incentive funds withdrawn by the Company in the amount
      of RMB68 million. The source of shares of the 2024 ESOP were H shares of the Company purchased from
      the secondary market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

      The lock-up period is 12 months, calculated from the date when the Company announces that the last of
      underlying shares purchased are recorded in the 2024 ESOP.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   135

                                                                                   Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share ESOP (2024) (continued)
The Company entrusted an asset management company to purchase a total of 3,035,400 H Shares of the
Company in the secondary market through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average transaction price
of HKD23.9203 per share and a transaction amount of approximately HK$72.6 million. The lock-up period is
from 27 July 2024 to 26 July 2025.

The assessment period is for two years, and upon the expiration of the lock-up period of the 2024 ESOP,
40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested to the participants in two phases. The
specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the lock-up
period.

Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the participants entrust the Management Committee to sell the underlying
shares of the 2024 ESOP during the duration of the ESOP for cash settlement.

H Share ESOP (2025)
Participants of the 2025 ESOP shall include the directors (except for independent directors) and senior
officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries,
totaling 27 persons. The total amount of funds to be used to participate in the ESOP shall be RMB63.0
million (inclusive), with “shares” as the subscription unit, and each share is RMB1. There are 10 directors
and senior officers with a total share of RMB34.56 million, accounting for 54.9% of the ESOP. There are 17
other core management personnel of the Company, with a total share of RMB28.44 million, accounting for
45.1% of the ESOP.

Considering the continuity of the Company’s remuneration assessment mechanism, the source of funds of
the ESOP shall be the incentive fund withdrawn by the Company in the amount of RMB63.0 million. The
source of shares of the ESOP shall be H shares of the Company purchased from the secondary market
through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

The lock-up period of the underlying shares under the ESOP shall be 12 months, calculated from the date
when the Company announces that the underlying shares purchased in the last time are recorded in the
ESOP.

The Company entrusted an asset management company to complete the purchase a total of 3,018,400 H
Shares of the Company in the secondary market through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average
transaction price of HKD22.8188 per share and a transaction amount of approximately HK$68.9 million. The
lock-up period is from 3 July 2025 to 2 July 2026.

After the end of the lock-up period, the Management Committee shall appraise the Participants according to
the performance assessment system of the Company. The assessment period is for two years. During the
duration of the ESOP, the Management Committee shall have the right to extend or shorten the assessment
period and adjust the corresponding proportion of vesting. The underlying shares of the ESOP will be vested
to the participants in two phases (40% and 60% respectively). The specific vesting time shall be determined
by the Management Committee after the end of the lock-up period.
136   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share ESOP (2025) (continued)
      Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the participants entrust the Management Committee to sell the underlying
      shares of the 2025 ESOP during the duration of the ESOP for cash settlement.

      The following table discloses movements in the H Share ESOPs during the year:

                                                    On     Granted          Vested    Cancelled       Lapsed             On
                                             1 January   during the during the year   during the   during the   31 December    Date of grant of   Vesting period for
          Name or category of Participants        2025         year          (Note)         year         year          2025    H Share ESOP       H Share ESOP


          Directors
          Mr. LI Huagang                        54,143          —               —        54,143            —             —     10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                               163,921          —           65,861           —             —         98,060    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                               285,268          —           42,790           —             —        242,478    26/07/2024         26/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                                    —      325,827              —            —             —        325,827    02/07/2025         02/07/2025–30/07/2027


                                               503,332     325,827         108,651       54,143            —        666,365

          Mr. GONG Wei                          29,119          —               —        29,119            —             —     10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024
                                                80,807          —           32,467           —             —         48,340    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                               112,500          —           21,094           —             —         91,406    26/07/2024         26/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                                    —      113,201              —            —             —        113,201    02/07/2025         02/07/2025–30/07/2027


                                               222,426     113,201          53,561       29,119            —        252,947

          Mr. LI Shaohua                        46,505           —          19,047            —            —         27,458    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                                60,268           —          12,375            —            —         47,893    26/07/2024         26/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                                    —        64,686             —             —            —         64,686    02/07/2025         02/07/2025–30/07/2027


                                               106,773       64,686         31,422            —            —        140,037

          Subtotal                             832,531     503,714         193,634       83,262            —       1,059,349


          Other employees
          In aggregate                       2,048,774           —         736,003     1,312,771           —              —    28/07/2023         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                             2,577,364           —         432,614            —            —       2,144,750   26/07/2024         26/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                                    —     2,514,686             —             —            —       2,514,686   02/07/2025         02/07/2025–30/07/2027


                                             4,626,138    2,514,686       1,168,617    1,312,771           —       4,659,436

          Total                              5,458,669    3,018,400       1,362,251    1,396,033           —       5,718,785


          The five highest paid employees
            among the Participants are as
            follows:
          In aggregate                          54,143          —               —        54,143            —             —     10/08/2022         28/07/2023–30/07/2025
                                               430,363          —          152,824      179,479            —         98,060    28/07/2023         12/07/2024–30/07/2026
                                               738,393          —          108,027           —             —        630,366    26/07/2024         20/06/2025–30/06/2027
                                                    —      852,900              —            —             —        852,900    02/07/2025         02/07/2025–30/07/2027


          Total                              1,222,899     852,900         260,851      233,622            —       1,581,326


      #
                  Ms. SHAO Xinzhi retired as director on 28 May 2025. Her H Share ESOPs up to 28 May 2025 was 187,430.
                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025    137

                                                                                                   Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share ESOP (2025) (continued)
The closing price of the Company’s H Share immediately before the grant date of the H Share ESOP was
HK$22.45 per share. The fair values of the H Share ESOP granted on 2 July 2025 is RMB64 million, the
Group recognised a total A and H Share ESOP expense of RMB868 million during year ended 31 December
2025. The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting date of the H Share
ESOP was HK$24.3 per share. Refer to note 37 of the consolidated financial statements for the details of
the fair value measurement of the H Share ESOP. The purchase price of the above cancelled shares is
HK$25.663 per share.

The granting mandate of each of the H Share ESOPs is only valid and effective for that particular year, and
therefore there is no remaining life for such H Share ESOPs as at the date of this annual report. As at
1 January and 31 December 2025, the number of share awards available for grant under the H Share
ESOPs was nil.

The particulars regarding dilution effect of the H Share ESOP are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.

Note:


The assessment criteria for H Share ESOPs are the same as for A Share ESOPs. Refer to the note to the table disclosing movements in
the A Share ESOPs above.


H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025)
The purposes of the RSU Scheme are to stimulate the pro-activeness of the eligible persons, encourage
their innovation to create value, enhance profit, achieve competitive goals, and ultimately maximise return for
the shareholders; to promote the strategic development and realize the goals of the Company; to optimise
the remuneration structure of the Group’s employees; to attract, motivate and retain core capable talents of
the Group for the future business development and expansion of the Group.

Eligible Person who may participate in the RSU Scheme include any individual, being an employee, director,
supervisor, senior management, key operating team member of any member of the Group who the Board or
its delegatee considers, in their sole discretion, to have significantly contributed or will significantly contribute
to the development of the Group.
138   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025) (continued)
      Subject to the RSU Scheme Rules, the Company and/or the delegatee may from time to time instruct the
      trustee in writing to subscribe or acquire H Shares on the Stock Exchange and to hold them on trust for the
      benefit of the selected participants on and subject to the terms and conditions of the RSU Scheme Rules
      and the Trust Deed.

      The Board or the delegatee may grant awards to selected participants during the award period conditional
      upon fulfilment of terms and conditions of the awards and performance targets as the Board or the
      delegatee determines from time to time.

      The Board shall not make any further grant which will result in the aggregate number of H Shares granted to
      exceed one per cent (1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date. The total
      number of RSU granted but remain unvested to a selected participant under the RSU Scheme shall not
      exceed zero point one per cent (0.1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date.

      The vesting of the Award granted under the RSU Scheme is subject to the conditions of the relevant
      business unit(s) and personal performance targets of the relevant selected participant and any other
      applicable vesting conditions as set out in the award letter.

      The appraisal period is generally two years (40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares to be
      vested to the participants in two phases) or three years (100% of corresponding underlying shares to be
      vested to the participants in one phase) upon the expiration of the vesting period of the RSU Scheme. The
      specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the vesting
      period.

      Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021), the Company entrusted
      an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 4,538,400 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
      market, with an average price of HK$27.32 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$124 million.

      In year 2021, a total of 4,438,027 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by staff
      members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who play
      an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   139

                                                                                 Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025) (continued)
Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2022), the Company entrusted
an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 5,783,600 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
market, with an average price of HK$26.63 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$154 million.

During the year 2022, a total of 5,636,959 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by
staff members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who
play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2023), the Company entrusted
an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 5,456,000 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
market, with an average price of HK$23.70 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$129 million.

During the year 2023, a total of 6,158,959 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by
staff members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who
play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

During the year 2024, a total of 4,689,425 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by
staff members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who
play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

During the year 2025, a total of 7,462,016 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by
staff members of the Company (including a director) who play an important role in the overall performance
and development of the Company.
140   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025) (continued)
      The following table discloses movements in the Company’s H Share RSU during the year:

                                                                   Number of H Share RSU
                                           On    Granted       Vested    Cancelled    Lapsed              On
        Name or category            1 January      during      during       during     during    31 December Date of grant    Vesting period
        of Participants                  2025    the year    the year     the year   the year           2025 of RSU           for RSU


        Director
        Mr. Kevin Nolan              1,057,309          —     171,547      305,538          —         580,224 23/6/2023       23/6/2023–
                                                                                                                                 15/3/2026
                                            —     956,512           —           —           —         956,512 20/6/2025       20/6/2025–
                                                                                                                                 15/3/2028


                                     1,057,309    956,512     171,547      305,538          —       1,536,736

        Non-director employees
        In aggregate                 3,474,571          —     989,252    2,367,451    117,868              — 25/5/2022,       25/5/2022–
                                                                                                                23/6/2022,       15/3/2024,
                                                                                                                9/9/2022         23/6/2022–
                                                                                                                                 1/7/2025,
                                                                                                                                 9/9/2022–
                                                                                                                                 1/7/2025
        In aggregate                 4,596,151          —     203,241       60,776    460,328       3,871,806 23/6/2023,      23/6/2023–
                                                                                                                 1/11/2023       1/7/2026,
                                                                                                                                 1/11/2023–
                                                                                                                                 1/7/2026
        In aggregate                 4,505,920          —     162,257           —     423,114       3,920,549 24/6/2024,      24/6/2024–
                                                                                                                 22/11/2024      1/7/2027,
                                                                                                                                 22/11/2024–
                                                                                                                                 1/7/2027
        In aggregate                        —    6,505,504          —           —     313,352       6,192,152 20/6/2025,      20/6/2025–
                                                                                                                 14/11/2025      1/7/2028,
                                                                                                                                 14/11/2025–
                                                                                                                                 14/11/2028


                                    13,633,951   7,462,016   1,526,297   2,733,765   1,314,662     15,521,243

        The five highest paid
           employees Among the
           Participants are as
           follows:
        In aggregate                 1,057,309          —     171,547      305,538          —         580,224 23/6/2023       23/6/2023–
                                                                                                                                 15/3/2026

                                        —         956,512           —           —           —         956,512 20/6/2025       20/6/2025–
                                                                                                                                 15/3/2028


                                     1,057,309    956,512     171,547      305,538          —       1,536,736
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   141

                                                                                    Report of the Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025) (continued)
The closing prices of the Company’s H Share immediately before the grant date of the RSU on 20 June
2025 and on 14 November 2025 were HK$22.5 per share and HK$26.78 per share, respectively. The fair
values of the RSU granted on 20 June 2025 and on 14 November 2025 were HK$167 million and HK$4
million, respectively. The fair value of the H Share RSU was calculated based on the market closing price of
the Company’s shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have been taken
into account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares. The Group recognised a total restricted
share expense of RMB25 million during year ended 31 December 2025. The weighted average closing price
of the shares immediately before the vesting date of the H Share RSU was HK$25.5 per share. Refer to
note 37 of the consolidated financial statements for the details of the fair value measurement of the H Share
RSU.

The purchase price of the above cancelled shares is HK$26.63 per share.

The granting mandate of each of the H Share RSU schemes is only valid and effective for that particular
year, and therefore there is no remaining life for H Share RSU schemes as at the date of this annual report.
As at 1 January and 31 December 2025, the number of share awards available for grant under the H Share
RSU schemes was nil.

The particulars regarding dilution effect of the H Share RSU are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.

At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had 15,521,243 H Share RSU
outstanding under the RSU Scheme, which represented approximately 0.54% of the Company’s total
number of H Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at that date.

Further details of the H Share RSU is set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The participants under the A Share Option Incentive Schemes exclude the Company’s independent
directors, supervisors, the shareholders individually or in aggregate holding 5% or more of the shares of the
Company or the de facto controllers and their spouses, parents or children.

The total number shares of the Company to be granted under the A Share Option Incentive schemes within
the validity period to any participants will not exceed 1% of the total number of shares of the Company. The
total underlying shares of the Company involved under all effective share option incentive schemes shall not
exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the Company as at the date of the proposal of the incentive
scheme at the shareholders’ meetings for approval. The source of the scheme share for A Share Option
Incentive Scheme are from the issuance of new shares.
142   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
      The Company adopted a 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2021 A Share Option Incentive
      Scheme”) at the extraordinary general meeting held on 15 September 2021. This scheme is an additional
      measure that builds on the Company’s A Share and H Share Employee Stock Ownership Schemes and
      Restricted Share Unit Scheme to further enhance employee incentives.

      To drive the achievement of the Company’s longer term target, further enhance the development of high-
      end scenario-based brand and smart household business, the Company introduced the A Share Option
      Incentive Scheme to provide incentive to the core management members with five or six-year appraisal
      period and higher profit targets than those under the A Share and H Share ESOP.

      The participants of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme are core management staff that have made
      significant contribution to the Company’s overall performance and long-term development, specifically
      including Directors and senior management of the Company, the general manager and department manager
      of business divisions of the Company.

      For the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 51,000,000 Share
      Options to the Participants. Among which, first 46,000,000 to be granted and 5,000,000 to be reserved.

      In year 2021, on 15 September 2021, the Company firstly granted 46,000,000 A Share options to 400
      participants (included directors of the Company). On 15 December 2021, the Company granted 4,525,214
      reserved share options to 18 participants under the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme. The remaining
      reserved share options under the A Share Option Incentive Scheme will not be further granted.

      2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
      The Company adopted a 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2022 A Share Option Incentive
      Scheme”) at the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2022.

      As the Company is leading the effort to upgrade its Internet of Things from “high-end brands” to “scenario
      brands”, and to “ecological brands”, the Company needs to have long-term planning to ensure the
      achievement of its strategic results and also improve its long-term incentive scheme in line with the above
      objectives. As such, the incentive scheme encourages core technology talents and business team to venture
      and innovate continuously, as well as significantly boosts and promotes participants’ initiative through the
      formulation of long-term performance growth indicators and inspires them to provide users with the best
      experience and achieve business development across the industry cycle.

      The incentive model serves as a benchmark for the development in the coming 4 years as a cycle, which
      expedites participant’s alignment with the Company’s strategic objectives of long-term development, and
      further promotes the synergistic consolidation of businesses, boosts operation efficiency and achieves
      industry leading.

      The participants are core staff that includes business director, core technical staff and business backbone
      staff of the Company (excluding current Directors and senior management of the Company) and have made
      significant contributions to the Company’s overall performance and long-term development.
                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025          143

                                                                                                            Report of the Directors




A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (continued)
For the 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 104,756,896 A Share
options to the Participants. On 28 June 2022, the Company had granted 104,756,896 A Share options to
1,834 participants.

The following table discloses movements in the Company’s A Share options outstanding during the year:

                                                  Number of A-Share options

                                                                                                                                   Exercise
                                                                                                                                   price of
                                                                                                  Date of                            share
                                                            Cancelled                             grant of                          options
                                On    Granted Exercised        during     Lapsed            On share                              per share
 Name or category of      1 January    during     during     the year      during 31 December options          Exercise period     (note 2)
 Participants                 2025    the year   the year     (note 3)   the year         2025 (note 1)        of share options       RMB


 Directors
 Mr. LI Huagang             365,576         —          —      182,788           —      182,788 15/09/2021      15/09/2022 to          25.63
                                                                                                                  15/09/2027
 Mr. GONG Wei               182,788         —          —       91,394           —       91,394 15/09/2021      15/09/2022 to          25.63
                                                                                                                  15/09/2027
 Mr. LI Shaohua              31,214         —          —           —            —       31,214 15/09/2021      15/09/2022 to          25.63
                                                                                                                  15/09/2027
 Ms. SUN Danfeng             18,728         —          —           —            —       18,728 15/09/2021      15/09/2022 to          25.63
                                                                                                                  15/09/2027
 Other employees
 In aggregate            16,273,214         —          —    7,721,460     880,236     7,671,518 15/09/2021     15/09/2022 to          25.63
                                                                                                                  15/09/2027
 In aggregate             1,189,970         —          —      413,713     362,544      413,713 15/12/2021      15/12/2022 to          25.63
                                                                                                                  15/12/2027
 In aggregate            48,810,366         —          — 23,547,639      1,715,088   23,547,639 28/06/2022     28/06/2023 to          23.86
                                                                                                                  28/06/2027


                         66,871,856         —          — 31,956,994      2,957,868   31,956,994



There is no consideration payable on application or acceptance of the share options by the participants
under the A Share option scheme. The granting mandate of each of the A Share option schemes is only
valid and effective for that particular year, and therefore there is no remaining life for such A Share option
schemes as at the date of this annual report. As at 1 January and 31 December 2025, the number of share
options available for grant under the A Share option schemes was nil.
144   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      Exercise arrangement for the share options granted in 2021:


                                                         Proportion of
                                                     exercisable share
                                                               options
       Exercise                                             to granted
       arrangement       Vesting periods                 share options   Exercise periods                                Performance appraisal target


        1st exercise     From the date of grant to                20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                            the expiry of 12                                12 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2021
                            months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 24          over adjusted net profit attributable to the
                            of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   parent company in 2020 reaches or
                                                                                                                            exceeds 30%


        2nd exercise     From the date of grant to                20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                            the expiry of 24                                24 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2022
                            months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 36          over net profit attributable to the parent
                            of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   company in 2021 reaches or exceeds 15%


        3rd exercise     From the date of grant to                20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                            the expiry of 36                                36 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                            months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 48          parent company in 2023 over net profit
                            of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                            reaches or exceeds 15%


        4th exercise     From the date of grant to                20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                            the expiry of 48                                48 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                            months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 60          parent company in 2024 over net profit
                            of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                            reaches or exceeds 15%


        5th exercise     From the date of grant to                20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                            the expiry of 60                                60 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                            months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 72          parent company in 2025 over net profit
                            of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                            reaches or exceeds 15%
                                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025              145

                                                                                                                             Report of the Directors




A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
Exercise arrangement for the share options granted in 2022:


                                                        Proportion of
                                                    exercisable share
                                                              options
     Exercise                                              to granted
     arrangement        Vesting periods                 share options   Exercise periods                                Performance appraisal target


     1st exercise       From the date of grant to                25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                           the expiry of 12                                12 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2022
                           months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 24          over net profit attributable to the parent
                           of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   company in 2021 reaches or exceeds 15%


     2nd exercise       From the date of grant to                25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                           the expiry of 24                                24 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                           months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 36          parent company in 2023 over net profit
                           of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                           reaches or exceeds 15%


     3rd exercise       From the date of grant to                25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                           the expiry of 36                                36 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                           months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 48          parent company in 2024 over net profit
                           of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                           reaches or exceeds 15%


     4th exercise       From the date of grant to                25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                           the expiry of 48                                48 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                           months from the date                            last trading day upon the expiry of 60          parent company in 2025 over net profit
                           of grant                                        months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                           reaches or exceeds 15%


Notes:


1.         The share options granted in 2021 will be valid for a maximum period of 72 months commencing from the grant date to the date of
           full exercise or cancellation of all share options granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant
           date of share options granted under the Incentive Scheme, and subject to the satisfaction of the Exercise Conditions, the
           participants may exercise the options in five yearly phases of 20% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share
           options is from the date of grant until the respective vesting dates.


           The share options granted in 2022 will be valid for a maximum period of 60 months commencing from the grant date to the date of
           full exercise or cancellation of all share options granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant
           date of share options granted under the Incentive Scheme, and subject to the satisfaction of the Exercise Conditions, the
           participants may exercise the options in four yearly phases of 25% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share
           options is from the date of grant until the respective vesting dates.


2.         The exercise price of the share options granted is not lower than the carrying amount of the shares, nor lower than the higher of the
           followings: (1) the average trading price of the A Shares on the trading day preceding the announcement of the A Share Option
           Incentive Scheme, and (2) the average trading price of the A Shares for the last 20 trading days preceding the announcement of the
           A Share Option Incentive Scheme. The number and exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment(s) in the event of
           any distribution of dividends, capitalisation issue, bonus issue, sub-division or consolidation of shares and rights issue in
           accordance with the provisions of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme.


3.         All the options forfeited before expiry of the relevant schemes will be treated as lapsed options which will not be added back to the
           number of shares available to be issued under the relevant schemes. The exercise prices of the cancelled share options granted in
           2021 and 2022 are RMB25.63 and RMB23.86, respectively.
146   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      The number of A shares that may be issued in respect of A Share options granted under all schemes of the
      Company during the year ended 31 December 2025 represented 0.52% of the weighted average number of
      shares of the A Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) for the year 2025. The total number of A Shares
      available for issue under the A-share option scheme is 31,956,994 as at 31 December 2025, representing
      approximately 0.34% of the total share capital (excluding treasury shares) as at 31 December 2025 and
      approximately 0.34% of the total share capital (excluding treasury shares) as at 27 April 2026 (the date of
      publication of 2025 annual report of the Company).

      The particulars regarding dilution effect of the share options are set out in note 12 to the financial
      statements.

      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES IN OR
      DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
      Save as the share awards (ESOPs and RSU scheme) and share options granted and vested to the Directors
      and Supervisors, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2025 were rights to acquire benefits by
      means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors, Supervisors
      or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them, or was the
      Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to
      enable the Directors and supervisors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

      CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
      The Group has contracts with Haier Corp and their subsidiaries and/or associates (collectively referred to as
      “Haier Affiliates”) for the transactions include those for Services Supply Framework Agreement, Services
      Procurement Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement, Products and
      Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and Financial Services Framework Agreement.

      Further details of the transactions undertaken in connection with these contracts during the year are
      included in the section “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS”.

      Save as disclosed in this annual report, no controlling shareholders or their respective subsidiaries had a
      material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance, whether for the provision of
      services or otherwise, to the Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party subsisting
      during or at the end of the year ended 31 December 2025.

      EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
      Save as the A-Share option incentive scheme, the Company has not engaged in any equity-linked
      agreement during the year ended 31 December 2025.
                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025    147

                                                                                                        Report of the Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
At 31 December 2025, the following shareholders who have interest in 5% or more of the issued share
capital of the Company were recorded in the register of substantial shareholders as required to be kept by
the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions:


                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                    Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                                  percentage* of    shareholding in
                                Class of           Number of                                     shareholding in     the total share
                                Shares                Shares                                   the relevant class      capital of the
    Name of Shareholder         held                    held Nature of interest                        of Shares           Company


    Haier Group                 A Share         2,637,339,206 Beneficial owner                           42.18%              28.12%
      CorporationNotes 1 to 4                                 Interest in controlled
                                                                 corporation
                                                              Interest through voting rights
                                                                 entrustment arrangement
                                H Share           538,560,000 Interest in controlled                     18.87%               5.74%
                                                                 corporation
                                D Share            58,135,194 Interest in controlled                     21.45%               0.62%
                                                                 corporation

    Haier COSMO                 A Share         1,258,684,824 Beneficial owner                           20.13%              13.42%
      Co., Ltd.Notes 1 and 2

    HCH (HK) Investment         H Share           538,560,000 Beneficial owner                           18.87%               5.74%
      Management
      Co., LimitedNote 3

    Haier International         D Share             58,135,194 Beneficial owner                          21.45%               0.62%
      Co., LimitedNote 4

    Other H Class
      ShareholdersNote 5

    Other D Class
      ShareholdersNote 6

*        The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2025 totalling 9,377,629,650
         comprise 6,253,028,411 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,853,587,266 H Shares, representing approximately 66.68%, 2.89%
         and 30.43% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.
148   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Notes:


      1.       Haier Group Corporation holds directly 1,072,610,764 A Shares. In addition, Haier Group Corporation indirectly owns or controls (i)
               1,258,684,824 A Shares through Haier COSMO Co., Ltd. (海爾卡奧斯股份有限公司) (formerly Haier Electric Appliances International
               Co., Ltd.), one of its subsidiaries, (ii) 172,252,560 A Shares through Qingdao Haier Venture & Investment Information Co., Ltd., one
               of its subsidiaries and (iii) 133,791,058 A Shares through Qingdao Haichuangzhi Management Consulting Enterprise (Limited
               Partnership), a party acting in concert with Haier Group Corporation.


      2.       Haier Group Corporation holds 51.20% of the issued shares in Haier COSMO Co. Ltd. (海 爾 卡 奧 斯 股 份 有 限 公 司) (formerly Haier
               Electric Appliances International Co., Ltd.), and is also entitled to exercise the remaining 48.80% voting rights in Haier COSMO Co.,
               Ltd. through an irrevocable voting rights entrustment arrangement.


      3.       HCH (HK) Investment Management Co., Limited (“HCH (HK)”) holds 538,560,000 H Shares. Haier Group Corporation controls 100%
               voting rights in HCH (HK), thus is deemed to be interested in the 538,560,000 H Shares held by HCH (HK).


      4.       Haier International Co., Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group Corporation. Therefore, Haier Group Corporation is
               deemed to be interested in the 58,135,194 D Shares held by Haier International Co., Limited.


      5.       JPMorgan Chase & Co. held 163,958,958 H Shares, representing approximately 5.74% of the total number of H Shares. BlackRock,
               Inc. held 211,126,185 H Shares, representing approximately 7.40% of the total number of H Shares, Pzena Investment Management
               LLC held 144,056,898 H Shares, approximately 5.04% of the total number of H Shares.


      6.       Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd. held 54,007,663 D Shares, representing approximately 19.93% of the total number of D Shares.


      Short positions and Lending pools:
      JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a short position of 13,967,871 H Shares, representing approximately 0.48% of
      the total number of H Shares; and had a lending pool of 96,505,870 H Shares, representing approximately
      3.38% of the total number of H Shares. BlackRock, Inc. had a short position of 3,200 H Shares,
      representing approximately 0.00% of the total number of H Shares.

      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, no person, other than the Directors and CEO of the
      Company, whose interests are set out in the section “Interests and short positions of directors and CEO in
      shares and underlying shares” above, had registered an interest or short position in the shares or underlying
      shares of the Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
      Haier Group directly and indirectly owns 34.49% of the voting rights of the Company. Haier Group, together
      with its associates as defined under Rule 14A.13 of the Listing Rules, are therefore the Company’s
      connected persons by virtue of Rules 14A.07(1) and 14A.07(4) of the Listing Rules.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   149

                                                                                     Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Connected Transactions
Capital Increase In Haier Finance
In order to improve the capital adequacy ratio and support business development, on 27 March 2025, Haier
Group Finance Co., Ltd. (海 爾 集 團 財 務 有 限 責 任 公 司) (“Haier Finance”) plans to increase its registered
capital by converting undistributed profits into capital. The total capital increase amounts to RMB3,000
million. Qingdao Haier Air-Conditioner Co., Ltd. (青 島 海 爾 空 調 器 有 限 總 公 司) (“Haier Air-Conditioner”) and
Qingdao Haier Air-Conditioner Electronics Co., Ltd. (青 島 海 爾 空 調 電 子 有 限 公 司), the Company’s
subsidiaries, as well as Haier Group Corporation (“Haier Group”) and its subsidiary Qingdao Haikeda
Electronics Co., Ltd. (青島海科達電子有限公司) have agreed to increase their capital in Haier Finance using
undistributed profits in proportion to their existing shareholding by RMB900 million, RMB360 million,
RMB150 million and RMB1,590 million, respectively. Upon completion of the Capital Increase, the
shareholding of each party in Haier Finance will remain unchanged.

Acquisition of Real Estates Assets of Haier White Goods R&D Center
On 27 March 2025, Haier Air-Conditioner, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Assets Transfer
Agreement with Haier Group, pursuant to which, Haier Air-Conditioner agreed to acquire and Haier Group
agreed to sell the Subject Assets (namely the real estate assets of Haier White Goods R&D Center) in order
to fulfill the needs of Haier Air-Conditioner in research and development (R&D), testing and office functions.
The consideration paid by Haier Air-Conditioner for the acquisition of the Subject Assets is RMB267.24
million (exclusive of tax).

Acquisition of Equity Interest in Haiyunlian
In order to meet the needs of the business development of Qingdao Haier Carrier Refrigeration Equipment
Co., Ltd. (“Haier Carrier”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, on 28 August 2025, Haier Carrier
entered into the Equity Transfer Agreement with Qingdao Haier Industrial Development Co., Ltd.* (青 島 海 爾
產 業 發 展 有 限 公 司) (“Haier Industrial Development”), a subsidiary of Haier Group, pursuant to which Haier
Carrier agreed to acquire and Haier Industrial Development agreed to sell 100% equity interest of Qingdao
Haiyunlian Industrial Development Co., Ltd.* (青 島 海 雲 聯 產 業 發 展 有 限 公 司) (“Haiyunlian”), which is 100%
owned by Haier Industrial Development. The consideration paid by Haier Carrier for the transaction was
RMB68,316,905.46.

Continuing Connected Transactions
Following the listing of the Company by way of introduction on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange (in the form of H Shares) for the privatisation of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. by the
Company, the transactions between members of the Group and Haier Group constitute continuing
connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. These connected
transactions have complied with the disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
150   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
      The non-exempt continuing connected transactions include those for Services Supply Framework Agreement,
      Services Procurement Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement, Products
      and Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and Financial Services Framework Agreement. These
      continuing connected transaction agreements (except the Financial Services Framework Agreement), which
      were renewed in 2022, shall remain in force until 31 December 2025.

      Upon the Voting Rights Entrustment Agreement becoming effective, Gooday has been included in the
      consolidated statements of the Company, the Company would incur additional connected transactions in
      respect of the provision of services to Haier Group and its controlled subsidiaries from Gooday and thus
      have to revise the existing annual caps of the Services Supply Framework Agreement accordingly. The
      Board considered and approved the revision of the existing annual caps of the Services Supply Framework
      Agreement on 29 October 2024 and agreed that the Company would enter into a supplemental agreement
      to the Services Supply Framework Agreement with Haier Group to revise the existing annual caps of the
      Services Supply Framework Agreement, and extend the service contents to include “logistics services”. The
      supplemental agreement shall remain in force up to 31 December 2025.

      Given that these agreements (except the Financial Services Framework Agreement) and their proposed
      annual caps will expire on 31 December 2025 and the Company will continue to conduct such transactions
      subsequent to 31 December 2025, the Company and Haier Group entered into the New Services Supply
      Framework Agreement, the New Services Procurement Framework Agreement, the New Products and
      Materials Sales Framework Agreement, and the New Products and Materials Procurement Framework
      Agreement on 27 March 2025 for a term of three years commencing from 1 January 2026 to 31 December
      2028.

      The Financial Services Framework Agreement had been renewed on 25 June 2021 (date of the 2020 Annual
      General Meeting of the Company) and on 26 June 2023 (date of 2022 Annual General Meeting of the
      Company), and shall remain in force up to 31 December 2026. Further details and reasons of these
      transactions are as follows:

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group had the following material transactions with Haier
      Group:


                                                               Cap Amounts       Transaction Amounts
                                                                      2025           2025            2024
                                                      Notes        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


        Services Supply Framework Agreement            (i)          600,000       207,000            288,000
        Services Procurement Framework
          Agreement                                    (ii)       9,380,000       742,000            706,000
        Products and Materials Sales
          Framework Agreement                          (iii)      3,940,000      2,207,000         2,341,000
        Products and Materials Procurement
          Framework Agreement                          (iv)      20,000,000    12,068,000         13,046,000
        Financial Services Framework
          Agreement                                    (v)
                                                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025         151

                                                                                                                Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)

                                                                           Cap Amounts                     Transaction Amounts
                                                                                  2025                         2025             2024
                                                            Notes              RMB’000                     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Deposit Services                                        (v)
      (a) Maximum daily outstanding balance                                    34,000,000                33,988,000                33,993,000
      (b) Interest income                                                       1,020,000                   795,000                   874,000
      Loan Services                                           (v)
      (a) Maximum daily outstanding balance                                    10,000,000                  3,790,000                  196,000
      (b) Interest expense                                                        400,000                     56,000                    2,000
      Other Financial Services                                (v)
      (a) Maximum daily trading balance of
            Foreign exchange derivative products                                 5,500,000                 2,508,000                  400,000
      (b) Service fee                                                               80,000                     9,000                    8,000

Notes:


(i)      The Group has provided certain sales-related services mainly comprising after-sale services and value-added consumer services, such
         as installation, calibration, consultation, repair and maintenance, technical support, logistics services and other integrated services to
         Haier Group and its associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


         The purpose is that our Group has also entered into the Products Sales Framework Agreement with Haier Group, pursuant to which
         our Group would provide certain Products and Materials for Sale to Haier Group and its associates from time to time. The provision
         of sales- related services under the Services Supply Framework Agreement provides Haier Group with a one-stop solution in relation
         to its demands for Products and Materials for Sale from us. The enhancement of purchase experience of Haier Group through
         provision of sales-related services helps our Group maintain a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group.


         Pricing for the after-sale and value-added services provided by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the
         Services Supply Framework Agreement varies taking into account the type and nature of each type of services, and pricing
         increases when a higher degree of technicality or costs are involved for the required service. Each type of services would be
         provided on terms no less favourable to our Group than those prevailing in the PRC market for the services of the same or
         comparable type, nature and quality and at similar time, with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of
         transactions with independent third parties.
152   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      (ii)    The Group would purchase certain services mainly include logistics services, advertising, promotional and marketing services and
              other comprehensive services from Haier Group and its associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


              The purpose is that the Group and Haier Group have a long-term and stable business relationship. Haier Group is familiar with our
              business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements, and is able to supply relevant services we needed on
              a constant basis. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier
              Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for the relevant services in a stable and quality manner.


              The fees to be paid by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the Services Procurement Framework Agreement
              would be determined with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of transactions with independent third
              parties, or negotiated by the parties on an arm’s-length basis by taking into consideration factors including but not limited to actual
              costs and expenses and market conditions. The prices and terms shall be no less favourable than those offered to our Group by
              independent third parties.


      (iii)   The Group has to provide certain products and materials mainly include products for internal consumption, components and raw
              materials for production use and full-suite smart home solutions, including ancillary products and services to Haier Group and its
              associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


              The purpose is that the Group is familiar with Haier Group’s business process and needs, quality standards and operational
              requirements, and is able to supply the Products and Materials for Sale needed by Haier Group on a constant basis and provides
              our Group with a stable income. Our Directors believe that maintaining a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group
              will facilitate our current and future business operations. In addition, our Group is able to leverage on the centralised procurement
              platforms to source the components and materials requested by Haier Group from time to time at a relatively lower cost and profit
              from the spread offered, thereby enjoying benefits from economies of scale.


              The fees to be charged for the Products and Materials for Sale to be sold by our Group to Haier Group and its associates
              pursuant to the Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement would be at such prices to be agreed between the parties, in
              particular:

              —      The prices of sales of products and the smart home solutions would be determined taking into account the type of products
                     and solutions, retail volume, market conditions and others, and would be not lower than the price of products and solutions
                     of the similar nature, type and quality provided by our Group to comparable independent third parties in the market.

              —      The prices of sales of components and materials would be determined based on actual sales prices of the components and
                     materials plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and administrative
                     expenses of the members of our Group in providing the components and materials) of no more than 1.25%.


              The sales (including the applied discount rates and commission fee rates) would be on terms no less favourable to our Group than
              those prevailing in the PRC market for products, components and materials of the same or comparable type, nature and quality and
              at similar time as well as those offered by our Group to independent third parties.
                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025       153

                                                                                                           Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
Notes: (continued)


(iv)   The Group has to procure certain products and materials mainly comprising products for internal consumption and resale uses,
       production and experimental equipment used, idled, procured and/or tailor-made by Haier Group and its associates for the Group
       internal consumption use, and raw materials and parts required for production use from Haier Group and its associates on a non-
       exclusive basis, from time to time.


       The purpose is that Haier Group is familiar with our business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements,
       and is able to supply the Products and Materials to Procure needed by us on a constant basis. Our Group is allowed to leverage
       on the scale and efficiency of the centralised procurement platform of Haier Group and its associates for its production operations
       of different segments thereby lowering our Group’s procurement costs. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with
       Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for
       relevant stable and quality products, equipment and materials.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the products to procure would be negotiated by the
       parties at arm’s length basis on terms no less favourable than those offered to our Group by independent third parties. In the event
       that there are no appropriate independent third parties providing products and materials of same or similar quality, our Group will
       refer to the fees and terms of products of same or similar quality provided by Haier Group and its associates to independent third
       parties, cost of products and materials, estimated value and market price for comparison and referencing purpose.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the equipment to procure would be determined
       based on arm’s length negotiation after taking into account various factors such as the sources, depreciation, and net asset values
       of such equipment, relevant cost and expense (such as purchase price of such equipment, relevant operational and administrative
       expenses, etc.), with reference to the estimated values and market prices, which is determined based on the historical prices paid
       by our Group to independent third parties in procuring the equipment of similar type and quality.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the materials to procure would be determined based
       on the actual cost (for example, prices obtained by Haier Group and/or its associates through bidding process (if applicable) or
       other actual purchase prices) plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and
       administrative expenses of Haier Group and its associates in providing the materials) of no more than 1.25%, or based on market
       prices, whichever is lower.


(v)    Haier Group and its associates, Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (collectively “Haier Group Finance”), provided financial services mainly
       comprising deposit services, Loan services and entrusted loan services and other financial services to the Group on a non-exclusive
       basis from time to time.

       The purpose is that Haier Group Finance, as enterprise group finance companies specialising in home appliance industry, can,
       subject to the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission provide a chain of various financial solutions
       to our Group in a more efficient and flexible manner than independent commercial banks. The benefits to our Group to use the
       financial services of Haier Group Finance include: (i) Haier Group Finance’s better understanding of the operations and development
       needs of our Group which should allow more expedient and efficient provision of various tailor-made packaged financial services to
       our Group than other external banks in the PRC; and (ii) the enhanced cost savings by reducing the amount of finance fees and
       charges payable to external banks when Haier Group Finance can offer more favourable terms than those offered by external
       banks.


       In terms of deposit services, pursuant to the Financial Services Framework Agreement, in respect of domestic RMB deposits, Haier
       Group and its associates provides deposit services to our Group, referring to the benchmark deposit interest rate announced by the
       PBOC on its official website for the same period from time to time, at an interest rate no less favourable than the highest interest
       rate for the same type of deposits as quoted by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, China
       Construction Bank, Bank of China and all the listed national joint stock banks in the PRC. Overseas deposits in RMB and foreign
       currencies are implemented in accordance with market principles, and the interest rate of similar deposits is more favourable than
       the highest interest rate of commercial banks available to the Group.
154   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      (v)     (continued)


              In terms of loan services, Haier Group and its associates would provide loans to our Group at a price no less favourable than the
              market prices determined at arm’s length basis with reference to the borrowing rate for the same type of loans charged by other
              two to three major financial institutions/commercial banks. The entrusted loan services provided by Haier Group and its associates
              as a financial service institution for our Group are provided on a free-of-charge basis. Our Group may use the internet banking
              system of Haier Group and its associates for settlement on a free-of-charge basis.


              In terms of provision of Other Financial Services, the fees charged by Haier Group and its associates would be determined based
              on relevant market prices with reference to the benchmark rates published by the PBOC on its official website from time to time; if
              there is no such benchmark rates published by the PBOC for that kind of financial service, the fee would be determined with
              reference to, amongst other factors, the rates charged by other major financial institutions/commercial banks for the same types of
              services and on terms no less favourable than those offered by independent commercial banks/financial institutions in the PRC to
              our Group. Haier Group and its associates pools its resource advantages to obtain the lowest service fees and the best services
              from external financial institutions, and agrees that Haier Group and its associates would not charge any intermediate fees except
              those charged by external banks. In addition, Haier Group and its associates agrees to waive all the service fees to be paid by our
              Group to Haier Group and its associates, including without limitation, account management fees, online banking activation fees,
              inquiry fees, deposit certificate fees, credit certificate fees, and internal settlement fees.


      The internal audit department of the Company reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the
      adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control procedures, and provided the findings to the independent
      non-executive Directors to assist them in performing their annual reviews. The independent non-executive
      Directors also made appropriate enquiries with the management to ensure that they have sufficient
      information to review the transactions and the internal control procedures. The INEDs have reviewed the
      continuing connected transactions set out above and have confirmed that these continuing connected
      transactions were entered into:

      (i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

      (ii)    on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
              independent third parties; and

      (iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
              in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

      The amounts of the continuing connected transactions have not exceeded the caps disclosed in (i) the listing
      document for the Company’s H Shares, or (ii) other previous announcements and shareholders’ circulars
      published by the Company.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   155

                                                                                     Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, the Company’s auditors, were engaged to report on the Group’s
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and
with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under
the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. HLB
Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, have issued their unqualified letter to the Board containing their findings and
conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in
accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules as follows:

a.   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing
     connected transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors.

b.   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their
     attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in
     accordance with the pricing policies of the Group.

c.   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not
     entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
     transactions.

d.   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions set out in the
     above list of continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their attention that causes the
     auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual
     caps as set by the Company.

Save as disclosed in this chapter, none of the related party transactions set out in note 13 to the financial
statements constitute connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and/or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

DONATIONS
During the year, the Company’s expenditure on charitable donation was approximately RMB7.88 million.

TAXATION POLICIES FOR DIVIDEND
Taxation policies applicable to the shareholders in respect of the cash dividend received for the shares held
by them in the Company shall follow the laws and regulations as revised from time to time by the state,
details in relation thereto will be otherwise announced by the Company.
156   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Report of the Directors




      SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
      Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors,
      during the year at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public, and the H
      Shares were more than 15% of our Company’s total number of issued shares.

      At the date of this report, the Company’s H Shares held by the public were more 5% of the total number of
      issued shares in the class to which the listed H Shares belong (excluding treasury shares) (the applicable
      threshold applicable to a PRC issuer with other listed shares) . Therefore, the Company is able to comply
      with the applicable public float requirement under the Listing Rules.

      EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Details of the significant events of the Group after the reporting period are set out in note 51 to the financial
      statements.

      AUDITORS
      There have been no changes of auditors in the preceding three years, and Hexin Certified Public
      Accountants LLP audited the 2025 annual financial statements prepared by the Company in accordance with
      Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (PRC Accounting Standards).

      HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited audited the 2025 annual financial statements prepared by the Company
      in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.




      On behalf of the Board




      Li Huagang
      Chairman

      Qingdao, the PRC
      26 March 2026
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   157

                   INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
HAIER SMART HOME CO., LTD.
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 163 to 315, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest
entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
158   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Independent Auditors’ Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
        Key audit matter                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter


        Provision for impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets

        Refer to Notes 2.3, 3, 17 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements

        The Group had goodwill and other intangible         Our procedures in relation to the management’s
        assets with carrying amounts of approximately       impairment assessment included but not limited to:
        RMB27,300 million and RMB10,782 million
        respectively as at 31 December 2025.                •    Evaluating the competency, capabilities and
                                                                 objectivity of the independent professional
        This impairment assessment conclusion was
                                                                 external valuer;
        arrived at based on estimation of the recoverable
        amount of the goodwill and other intangible
                                                            •    Assessing the appropriateness of the
        assets as at 31 December 2025 using the
                                                                 methodology and key assumptions and inputs
        value-in-use model, which required exercise
        of management judgement with respect to the              used with the assistance of our valuation
        determination of appropriate discount rate and           experts;
        estimation of forecasted cash flows for the
        financial projection period, in particular future   •    Challenging management about the valuation
        revenue growth.                                          reasonableness of key assumptions and inputs
                                                                 used based on our knowledge of the business
        We focused on this area due to the size of               and industry; and
        the balances and the impairment assessment
        requires significant management’s judgments.        •    Checking, on sampling basis, the accuracy and
        Independent external valuation was obtained              relevance of the input data used.
        in order to support management’s impairment
        assessment as at 31 December 2025.                  Based on the procedures performed, we found the
                                                            management judgement and estimates used in
                                                            impairment assessment were supported by the
                                                            available evidence.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   159

                                                                            Independent Auditors’ Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
 Key audit matter                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories

 Refer to Notes 2.3, 3 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements

 As at 31 December 2025, the Group had                 Our procedures in relation to the management’s
 inventories of approximately RMB46,847 million        assessment on provision for obsolete and slow-moving
 and recognised provision for obsolete and slow-       inventory included but not limited to:
 moving inventories of approximately RMB994
 million to consolidated statement of profit or loss   •    Evaluating the estimates made by management
 during the year ended 31 December 2025.
                                                            and used to determine the value of provision for
                                                            obsolete and slow-moving inventories during the
 The provision against obsolete and slow-moving
                                                            year and compare to the provisions made in prior
 inventories is estimated based on the net
 realisable value of the inventories with reference         year;
 to the latest selling prices and current market
 conditions.                                           •    Performing a recalculation, on a sample basis, of
                                                            the inventory provision made on individual
 Management judgement is involved in estimating             inventories;
 the selling price for inventories, the costs of
 completion and the costs necessary to make the        •    Sample checking on the subsequent selling price
 sale.                                                      of finished goods; and

 We focused on this area due to the size of            •    Checking the ageing profile of inventories, the
 the balances and the judgement exercised by                historical sales and usage records of the
 management in determining value of provision for           inventories.
 the obsolete and slow-moving inventories.
                                                       Based on the procedures performed, we considered
                                                       management judgement and estimates in the provision
                                                       assessment against obsolete and slow-moving
                                                       inventories, to be supported by the available evidence.
160   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Independent Auditors’ Report




      OTHER INFORMATION
      The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
      included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
      report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
      information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
      consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
      materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
      misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
      regard.

      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
      GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
      and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure
      requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
      determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
      material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
      the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
      operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

      AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
      whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report
      that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
      responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
      assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
      HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
      and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
      influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   161

                                                                              Independent Auditors’ Report




AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
      due to fraud or error, design, and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
      a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
      involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
      are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
      effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
      conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
      conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
      the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
      to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
      going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
      transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
      group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
      work performed for the purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken
to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
162   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Independent Auditors’ Report




      AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
      of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
      therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
      precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
      matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
      reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Yau Wai Ip (practising
      certificate number: P07849).




      HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
      Certified Public Accountants

      Hong Kong, 26 March 2026
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   163

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
  LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                            Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


REVENUE                                                      5                302,329                286,005
Cost of sales                                                                (223,374)              (208,098)


Gross profit                                                                   78,955                 77,907
Other gains, net                                             5                  5,206                   3,905
Selling and distribution expenses                                             (33,878)               (33,609)
Administrative expenses                                                       (25,545)               (24,591)
Finance costs                                                7                 (2,587)                 (2,705)
Share of profits and losses of associates                                       1,328                   1,816


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                            6                 23,479                 22,723
Income tax expenses                                          10                (3,316)                 (3,157)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                            20,163                 19,566


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
   subsequently periods:
   Share of other comprehensive loss of associates                                (347)                    (17)
   Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
     instrument for cash flow hedges, net of tax                                   (11)                    (27)
   Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                          309                   (847)


                                                                                   (49)                  (891)


Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in
   subsequent periods:
   Changes arising from re-measurement of defined
     benefit plans                                                                 192                      (1)
   Change in fair value of equity investments designated
     at fair value through other comprehensive income
     (“FVTOCI”), net of tax                                                       (546)                  (267)


                                                                                  (354)                  (268)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR,
 NET OF TAX                                                                       (403)                (1,159)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                        19,760                 18,407
164   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                         2025         2024
                                                         Notes         RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                                 (Restated)


        Profit for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                           19,553      18,731
        Non-controlling interests                                          610         835


                                                                        20,163      19,566


        Total comprehensive income attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                           19,158      17,570
        Non-controlling interests                                          602         837


                                                                        19,760      18,407


        EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
         ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
        — Basic (RMB per share)                            12             2.12        2.02
        — Diluted (RMB per share)                          12             2.10        2.02
                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   165

                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                     FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                     As at 31 December 2025




                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                         Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                               (Restated)


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                             14                45,708                 43,703
Investment properties                                     15                   334                    246
Right-of-use assets                                      16(a)               9,467                  9,127
Goodwill                                                  17                27,300                 27,384
Other intangible assets                                   18                10,782                 10,758
Interests in associates                                   19                21,757                 20,932
Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                   20                 5,405                  6,074
Financial assets measured at amortised cost               22                16,518                 15,699
Long-term prepayments                                     27                 1,680                  1,381
Deferred tax assets                                       35                 2,779                  2,477
Other non-current assets                                                     1,232                    841


Total non-current assets                                                   142,962                138,622


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                               24                46,847                 43,189
Trade and bills receivables                               25                33,548                 38,675
Receivables at FVTOCI                                     26                 1,788                    413
Contract assets                                          31(a)               1,008                    998
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables               27                 9,916                  9,931
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit
  or loss (“FVTPL”)                                       21                 2,034                  1,236
Financial assets measured at amortised cost               22                 9,989                  1,931
Derivative financial instruments                          23                    81                    143
Pledged deposits                                          28                 1,218                    533
Other deposit with limited use                            28                   136                     70
Cash and cash equivalents                                 28                46,268                 54,995


Total current assets                                                       152,833                152,114


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                  29                77,415                 75,886
Other payables and accruals                               30                28,289                 32,265
Contract liabilities                                     31(b)               8,535                 10,865
Interest-bearing borrowings                               32                21,716                 24,127
Lease liabilities                                        16(b)               1,631                  1,352
Tax payables                                                                 2,130                  2,650
Provisions                                                33                 2,638                  2,710
Derivative financial instruments                          23                   191                     71


Total current liabilities                                                  142,545                149,926
166   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      As at 31 December 2025




                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                   Notes           RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


        NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                          10,288             2,188


        TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                      153,250           140,810


        NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
        Interest-bearing borrowings                                 32              14,666             9,666
        Lease liabilities                                          16(b)             4,551             4,481
        Deferred income                                             34               1,243             1,081
        Deferred tax liabilities                                    35               1,631             1,547
        Provisions for pensions and similar obligations             44               2,444             2,562
        Provisions                                                  33               2,490             2,386
        Other non-current liabilities                                                  248               285


        Total non-current liabilities                                               27,273            22,008


        Net assets                                                                 125,977           118,802


        EQUITY
        Share capital                                               36               9,378             9,383
        Reserves                                                    38             109,320           102,396


        Equity attributable to owners of the Company                               118,698           111,779
        Non-controlling interests                                                    7,279             7,023


        Total equity                                                               125,977           118,802


      The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on
      26 March 2026 and signed on its behalf by:




                            Mr. Li Huagang                                  Mr. Kevin Nolan
                               Chairman                                     Executive Director

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                     Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                                               Exchange
                                                                                                                                                             Equity                                        differences on
                                                                                      Share-based Remeasurement of                                         method                                               translation                 Treasury shares
                                                           Issued                       payments defined benefits       Cash flow                      investments      Reserve funds                               reserve                   reserve (Note        Total               Non-controlling
                                                            equity Capital reserve         reserve    plans reserve hedges reserve FVTOCI reserve           reserve        (Note 38(i)) Retained profits       (Note 38(ii)) Other reserves           38(v))     reserve      Total          interests    Total equity
                                                          RMB’M            RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M             RMB’M              RMB’M            RMB’M               RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M             RMB’M          RMB’M


At 1 January 2024                                          9,438           19,722          1,785               146             (93)         1,333               (345)           4,841            68,538              925               10             (5,034)    91,828     101,266             6,264        107,530
Effect of business combination under common control           —               195             —                 —               —              16                 —                —                306               —                —                  —         517         517                —             517


At 1 January 2024 (restated)                               9,438           19,917          1,785               146             (93)         1,349               (345)           4,841            68,844              925               10             (5,034)    92,345     101,783             6,264        108,047
Profit for the year                                           —                —              —                 —               —              —                  —                —             18,731               —                —                  —      18,731      18,731               835         19,566
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year
— Share of other comprehensive loss of associates             —                 —              —                —               —              —                 (17)              —                 —                —                 —                 —         (17)        (17)               —              (17)
— Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
      instrument for cash flow hedges, net of tax             —                 —              —                —              (28)            —                  —                —                 —                —                 —                 —         (28)        (28)                1             (27)
— Exchange differences on translating
      foreign operations                                      —                 —              —                —               —              —                  —                —                 —              (847)               —                 —        (847)       (847)               —             (847)
— Changes arising from re-measurement of
      defined benefit plans                                   —                 —              —                (1)             —              —                  —                —                 —                —                 —                 —           (1)        (1)               —                (1)
— Change in fair value of equity investments
      designated at FVTOCI                                    —                 —              —                —               —            (268)                —                —                 —                —                 —                 —        (268)       (268)                1            (267)


Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                —                 —              —                (1)            (28)          (268)               (17)              —             18,731             (847)               —                 —      17,570      17,570               837         18,407


Dividend payable to owners of the Company
  (Note 39(b))                                                —                 —              —                —               —              —                  —                —             (7,444)              —                 —                 —      (7,444)     (7,444)               —           (7,444)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
Dividend payable to non-controlling interests
  (Note 39(b))                                                —                 —              —                —               —              —                  —                —                 —                —                 —                 —          —           —               (108)           (108)
Transfer to reserves fund                                     —                 —              —                —               —              —                  —               454              (454)              —                 —                 —          —           —                 —               —
Recognition of equity settled share-based payment             —                 —            374                —               —              —                  —                —                 —                —                 —                 —         374        374                 —              374
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that
  do not result in a loss of control                          —               161              —                —               —              —                  —                —                 —                —                 —                 —         161         161                31             192
Purchase of treasury shares                                   —                —               —                —               —              —                  —                —                 —                —                 —              (559)       (559)       (559)               —             (559)
Share repurchased and cancelled (Note 36)                     (55)          (1,465)            —                —               —              —                  —                —                 —                —                 —             1,520          55          —                 —               —
Other changes                                                  —                 7           (476)              —               —              —                  —                —               (200)              —                 —               563        (106)       (106)                (1)          (107)


At 31 December 2024                                        9,383           18,620          1,683               145            (121)         1,081               (362)           5,295            79,477               78               10             (3,510)   102,396     111,779             7,023        118,802




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          As at 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                167
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     168

                                                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                              Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                               Exchange
                                                                                                Remeasurement                                       Equity                               differences on
                                                                                Share-based         of defined    Cash flow                       method                                      translation                  Treasury                                  Non-
                                                          Issued     Capital      payments       benefits plans     hedges        FVTOCI      investments Reserve funds        Retained          reserve        Other shares reserve       Total               controlling
                                                           equity    reserve         reserve            reserve     reserve       reserve          reserve   (Note 38(i))        profits     (Note 38(ii))   reserves    (Note 38(v))    reserve      Total      interests    Total equity
                                                          RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M              RMB’M       RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M        RMB’M      RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              As at 31 December 2025


At 1 January 2025                                           9,383     18,425           1,683               145         (121)         1,049           (362)             5,295     79,291                78         10           (3,510)   101,983    111,366         7,023         118,389
Effect of business combination under common control            —         195              —                 —            —              32             —                  —         186                —          —                —         413        413            —              413


At 1 January 2025 (restated)                                9,383     18,620           1,683               145         (121)         1,081           (362)             5,295     79,477                78         10           (3,510)   102,396    111,779         7,023         118,802
Profit for the year                                            —          —               —                 —            —              —              —                  —      19,553                —          —                —      19,553     19,553           610          20,163
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025



— Share of other comprehensive loss of associates              —          —               —                  —           —              —            (347)                —           —                —           —               —        (347)      (347)            —             (347)
— Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
    instrument for cash flow hedges, net of tax                —          —               —                  —          (11)            —                —                —           —                —           —               —         (11)       (11)            —              (11)
— Exchange differences on translating
    foreign operations                                         —          —               —                  —           —              —                —                —           —               317          —               —        317        317              (8)           309
— Changes arising from re-measurement of
                                                               —          —               —                              —              —                —                —           —                —           —               —                                    —
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


    defined benefit plans                                                                                  192                                                                                                                              192        192                            192
— Change in fair value of equity investments
     designated at FVTOCI                                      —          —               —                  —           —            (546)              —                —           —                —           —               —        (546)      (546)            —             (546)


Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                 —          —               —                192          (11)          (546)          (347)                —      19,553               317          —               —      19,158     19,158           602          19,760


Dividend payable to owners of the Company
  (Note 39(b))                                                 —          —               —                  —           —              —                —                —      (11,483)              —           —               —     (11,483)   (11,483)            —          (11,483)
Dividend payable to non-controlling interests
  (Note 39(b))                                                 —          —               —                  —           —              —                —                —           —                —           —               —          —          —             (86)           (86)
Recognition of equity settled share-based payment              —          —             490                  —           —              —                —                —           —                —           —               —        490        490              —             490
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that
  do not result in a loss of control                           —        194               —                  —           —              —                —                —           —                —           —               —         194        194          (260)             (66)
Purchase of treasury shares                                    —         —                —                  —           —              —                —                —           —                —           —           (1,331)    (1,331)    (1,331)           —            (1,331)
Share repurchased and cancelled (Note 36)                      (5)      (161)             —                  —           —              —                —                —           —                —           —              166          5         —             —                —
Other changes                                                  —         (59)           (410)                —           —              —                —                —          (60)               5          —              415       (109)      (109)           —              (109)


At 31 December 2025                                         9,378     18,594           1,763               337         (132)          535            (709)             5,295     87,487               400         10           (4,260)   109,320    118,698         7,279         125,977
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   169

                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                      CASH FLOWS
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                             Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax                                                               23,479                 22,723
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                               7                   2,587                  2,705
  Interest income                                             5                  (1,814)                (1,968)
  Share of profits and losses of associates                                      (1,328)                (1,816)
  Dividends income from equity investment designated
     at FVTOCI                                                5                     (48)                    (58)
  (Gain)/loss on disposal of financial assets/liabilities
     measured at FVTPL, net                                   5                     (66)                     1
  Loss on disposal of associates and subsidiaries             5                       6                     27
  Loss on disposal of non-current assets, net                 5                     198                     50
  Fair value gain on financial assets/liabilities measured
     at FVTPL, net                                            5                    (92)                     (47)
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment               6                  5,486                   5,103
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets and investment
     properties                                               6                  1,877                   1,601
  Amortisation of other intangible assets and other
     non-current assets                                       6                  1,387                   1,398
  Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories, net     6                    994                     975
  Impairment of trade and bills receivables, prepayments,
     deposits and other receivables and long-term
     prepayments, net                                         6                     272                    557
  Impairment of property, plant and equipment, interests
     in associates, other intangible assets and contract
     assets, net                                              6                      74                     45
  Equity-settled share-based expense                          6                     490                    374


Operating cash inflow before movements in working
  capital                                                                       33,502                 31,670
Increase in inventories                                                         (4,652)                 (3,665)
Decrease/(increase) in trade and bills receivables,
  prepayments, deposits and other receivables and
  contract assets                                                                2,960                  (7,742)
(Decrease)/increase in trade and bills payables, other
  payable and accruals and contract liabilities                                  (3,647)                 7,597
Change in other working capital                                                     189                      (6)


Cash generated from operations                                                  28,352                 27,584
Interest received                                                                1,631                   1,308
Income tax paid                                                                 (3,980)                 (2,844)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                    26,003                 26,318
170   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                            2025          2024
                                                                  Notes   RMB’M        RMB’M
                                                                                     (Restated)


        Cash flows from investing activities
        Payment for purchases of non-current assets                        (8,851)     (10,079)
        Proceeds from disposals of non-current assets                         118           42
        Proceeds from and payments for acquisition and
          disposals of subsidiaries, net                                     130        (4,409)
        Payment for acquisition of associates                                (27)            (3)
        Proceeds from disposal of associates                                  80            68
        Payment for purchases of equity investments designated
          at FVTOCI                                                            (1)            (7)
        Proceeds from disposals of equity investments
          designated at FVTOCI                                                87             38
        Payment for purchases of financial assets measured at
          amortised cost and financial assets at FVTPL                    (53,947)     (23,612)
        Proceeds from disposals of financial assets measured at
          amortised cost and financial assets at FVTPL                    44,700        17,114
        Dividends received from associates                                   466           579
        Dividends and interest received from equity investment
          designated at FVTOCI, financial assets measured at
          amortised cost and financial assets at FVTPL                       170           190


        Net cash used in investing activities                             (17,075)     (20,079)


        Cash flows from financing activities
        Repurchases of shares                                              (1,234)         (559)
        Proceeds from borrowings                                           33,147       13,647
        Repayments of borrowings                                          (31,629)       (9,569)
        Dividends paid to shareholders                                    (11,483)       (7,444)
        Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                           (97)           (93)
        Lease payments                                                     (1,801)       (1,709)
        Interest paid for borrowings                                       (2,294)       (2,444)
        Payment of put option liabilities                                  (2,155)            —
        Other financing cash flows                                           (125)          467


        Net cash used in financing activities                             (17,671)      (7,704)
                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   171

                                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                          Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                (Restated)


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                     (8,743)                (1,465)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                           54,995                 56,715

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                      16                   (255)


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                 46,268                 54,995


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS
Non-pledged cash and bank balances                                           37,807                 34,106
Time deposits                                                                 8,461                 20,889


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the Statement of
  financial position                                                         46,268                 54,995
172   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP
            The predecessor of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) was
            Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, which was established in 1984. In 1989, based on the reorganisation of
            the original Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, a limited company was set up by directional fund raising of
            RMB150 million. In 1993, after converting to a public subscription company and issuing additional 50
            million shares to the public, the A shares of the Company were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange in
            November 1993. The D shares and H shares of the Company were listed on the Frankfurt Stock
            Exchange in December 2018 and the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in December 2020
            respectively.

            The address of the registered office is located at the Haier Science and Technology Innovation
            Ecological Park, Laoshan District, Qingdao, Shandong Province.

            In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the ultimate controlling parent company of the
            Company is Haier Group Corporation (“Haier Group”).

            The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred as the “Group”) are mainly engaged in research,
            development, production and sales of home appliances covering refrigerator/freezers, kitchen
            appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances, water appliances and other smart home business, as
            well as offering complete sets of smart home solutions.

            The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
            currency of the Company and all values are rounded to the nearest million (“RMB’M”) (“’M”), except
            when otherwise indicated.
                                                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025                     173

                                                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                     Issued ordinary/
                                         Place of Incorporation/           registered    Percentage of equity attributable to the                                    Type of
     Name                                registration of business       share capital         Company as at 31 December                Principal activities          legal status
                                                                                   ’M          2025                    2024
                                                                                         Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Haier U.S. Appliance                USA/USA                        United States        —         100           —          100    Home appliances production    Limited liability
       Solutions, Inc.                                                 Dollars (“USD”)                                                   and distribution business      company
                                                                                 2,307

     Haier Singapore Investment          Singapore/                         USD1,708         —         100           —          100    Home appliances production    Limited liability
       Holding Co., Ltd.                    Singapore                                                                                    and distribution business      company

     Haier New Zealand Investment        New Zealand/                   New Zealand          —         100           —          100    Home appliances production    Limited liability
       Holding Company Limited             New Zealand                 Dollars (“NZD”)                                                   and distribution business      company
                                                                                   596

     Candy S.p.A                         Europe/Italy                 Euro (“EUR”) 42        —         100           —          100    Home appliances production    Limited liability
                                                                                                                                         and distribution business      company

     CO2OLtec Commercial                 Netherlands/                       EUR0.057         —         100           —          100    Home appliances production    Limited liability
       Refrigeration B.V. (formerly        Netherlands                                                                                   and distribution business      company
       known as Carrier Refrigeration
       Benelux B.V.) (“CCR”)

     Kwikot (Haier) SA (Pty) Ltd.        South Africa/South Africa      South African        —         100           —          100    Water heater production and   Limited liability
       (formerly know as Electrolux                                     Rand (“ZAR”)                                                     distribution business          company
       South Africa (Ptd) Ltd.)                                               0.0499
       (“Kwikot”)

     Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd.   Mainland China/                  Hong Kong        100           —          100          —     Investment holding            Limited liability
                                           Bermuda                      Dollar (“HKD”)                                                                                  company
                                                                                 3,107

     Haier Shareholdings (Hong Kong)     Hong Kong/                       RMB37,034        100           —          100          —     Investment holding            Limited liability
       Limited                             Hong Kong                                                                                                                    company

     Qingdao Haier Air Conditioner Gen   Mainland China/                     RMB918      92.37           —        92.37          —     Manufacture and sale          Limited liability
        Corp., Ltd.                        Mainland China                                                                                of household air-              company
                                                                                                                                         conditioners

     Guizhou Haier Electronics           Mainland China/                     RMB141         59           —           59          —     Manufacture and sale of       Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                                refrigerator                   company

     Hefei Haier Air-                    Mainland China/                      RMB12        100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sale of       Limited liability
       conditioning Co., Limited           Mainland China                                                                                air-conditioners               company

     Wuhan Haier Electronics             Mainland China/                      RMB62      59.86           —        59.86          —     Manufacture and sale of       Limited liability
       Holding Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                                air-conditioners               company
174   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                           Issued ordinary/
                                                Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
            Name                                registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                         ’M         2025                    2024
                                                                                              Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


            Qingdao Haier Air-Conditioner       Mainland China/                    RMB958     97.43           —        97.43          —     Manufacture and sale of          Limited liability
              Electronics Co.,                    Mainland China                                                                              air-conditioners                  company

            Qingdao Haier Information           Mainland China/                     RMB78       100           —          100          —     Manufacture of plastic           Limited liability
              Plastic Development                 Mainland China                                                                              product                           company
              Co., Ltd.

            Dalian Haier Precision Products     Mainland China/                     RMB48        90           —           90          —     Manufacture and sale of          Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              precise plastics                  company

            Hefei Haier Plastic                 Mainland China/                     RMB41     95.17         4.83       95.17        4.83    Manufacture and sale of          Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              plastic parts                     company

            Qingdao Meier Plastic Powder        Mainland China/                     RMB12        40           60          40          60    Manufacture of plastic powder, Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              plastic sheet                   company
                                                                                                                                              and high-performance
                                                                                                                                              coatings

            Chongqing Haier Precision Plastic   Mainland China/                     RMB65        90           10          90          10    Plastic products, sheet metal    Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               work, electronics and            company
                                                                                                                                               hardware

            Qingdao Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China/                    RMB207     97.91           —        97.91          —     Manufacture and production of Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              fluorine-free refrigerators    company

            Qingdao Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China/                    RMB260       100           —          100          —     Manufacture of refrigerators     Limited liability
              (International) Co., Ltd.           Mainland China                                                                                                                company

            Qingdao Household                   Mainland China/                     RMB67       100           —          100          —     Research and development         Limited liability
              Appliance Technology                Mainland China                                                                              of home appliances mold           company
              and Equipment                                                                                                                   and technological
              Research Institute                                                                                                              equipment

            Qingdao Haier Whole Set             Mainland China/                    RMB120     98.33           —        98.33          —     Research, development           Limited liability
              Home Appliance                      Mainland China                                                                              and sale of Health-related of    company
              Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               small home appliance



            Qingdao Haier Special               Mainland China/                    RMB166       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of         Limited liability
              Refrigerator Co., Ltd.              Mainland China                                                                              fluorine-free refrigerators       company

            Qingdao Haier Dishwasher            Mainland China/                    RMB180     99.59           —        99.59          —     Manufacture of dish washing      Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              machine and gas stove             company
                                                                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025                        175

                                                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                   Issued ordinary/
                                        Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
     Name                               registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                 ’M         2025                    2024
                                                                                      Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Special              Mainland China/                    RMB388     96.78           —        96.78          —     Research, manufacture          Limited liability
       Freezer Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                              and sales of freezer and        company
                                                                                                                                      other refrigeration products

     Dalian Haier Air-Conditioning      Mainland China/                    RMB110        90           —           90          —     Air conditioner processing and Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                                manufacturing                 company

     Dalian Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China/                    RMB110       100           —          100          —     Refrigerator processing and      Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                               manufacturing                    company

     Qingdao Haier Electronic           Mainland China/                     RMB60       100           —          100          —     Development, assembling          Limited liability
       Plastic Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                              and sales of plastics,            company
                                                                                                                                      electronics and product

     Wuhan Haier Freezer Co., Ltd.      Mainland China/                     RMB57     82.93         4.36       82.93        4.36    Research, manufacture          Limited liability
                                          Mainland China                                                                              and sales of freezer and        company
                                                                                                                                      other refrigeration products

     Qingdao Haidarui Procurement       Mainland China/                    RMB110        98            2          98           2    Development, purchase and        Limited liability
       Service Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                              sales of electrical               company
                                                                                                                                      products and components

     Qingdao Haier Intelligent Home     Mainland China/                    RMB357     91.46         1.01       91.46        1.01    Development and application of Limited liability
       Appliance Technology Co., Ltd.     Mainland China                                                                              household appliances,           company
                                                                                                                                      communication, network
                                                                                                                                      engineering technology

     Chongqing Haier Air-conditioning   Mainland China/                    RMB130     76.92        23.08       76.92       23.08    Manufacture and sales of air     Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                              conditioners                      company

     Qingdao Haier Precision Products   Mainland China/                     RMB10         —           70          —           70    Development and manufacture Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                              of precise plastic, metal    company
                                                                                                                                      plate, mould and electronic
                                                                                                                                      products for home
                                                                                                                                      appliances

     Qingdao Haier Air Conditioning     Mainland China/                     RMB20         —         100           —          100    Manufacture of home          Limited liability
       Equipment Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                              appliances and electronics    company
176   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                            Issued ordinary/
                                                 Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
            Name                                 registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                          ’M         2025                    2024
                                                                                               Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


            Dalian Free Trade Zone Haier Air-    Mainland China/                      RMB1         —         100           —          100    Domestic trade                   Limited liability
              conditioning Trading Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                                                                company

            Dalian Free Trade Zone Haier         Mainland China/                      RMB1         —         100           —          100    Domestic trade                   Limited liability
              Refrigerator Trading Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                                                                company

            Chongqing Haier Electronics Sales    Mainland China/                     RMB10        95            5          95           5    Sales of home appliances         Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                            Mainland China                                                                                                                company

            Chongqing Haier Refrigeration        Mainland China/                    RMB108     84.95        15.05       84.95       15.05    Processing and manufacturing Limited liability
              Appliance Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                               of refrigerator              company

            Hefei Haier Refrigerator Co., Ltd.   Mainland China/                     RMB49       100           —          100          —     Processing and manufacturing Limited liability
                                                   Mainland China                                                                               of refrigerator              company

            Qingdao Haier Intelligent Building   Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Air-conditioning engineer        Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.                 Mainland China                                                                                                                company

            Chongqing Lianmai Electric           Mainland China/                      RMB5         —           51          —           51    Sale of home appliances and      Limited liability
              Appliance Sale Co., Ltd              Mainland China                                                                               electronics                      company

            Qingdao Haier (Jiaozhou)             Mainland China/                    RMB119         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and sale of          Limited liability
              Air-conditioning Co., Ltd            Mainland China                                                                              air-conditioners                  company

            Qingdao Haier Component              Mainland China/                     RMB80         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and sale of plastic Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                            Mainland China                                                                              and precise sheet metal          company
                                                                                                                                               products

            Shenyang Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China/                    RMB100       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of         Limited liability
              Co., Ltd                             Mainland China                                                                              refrigerator                      company

            Foshan Haier Freezer Co., Ltd.       Mainland China/                    RMB100       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of         Limited liability
                                                   Mainland China                                                                              refrigerator                      company

            Zhengzhou Haier Air-conditioning     Mainland China/                    RMB100       100           —          100          —     Manufacture and sales of         Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                            Mainland China                                                                              freezer                           company

            Qingdao Haidayuan Procurement        Mainland China/                     RMB20       100           —          100          —     Development, purchase and        Limited liability
              Service Co., Ltd                     Mainland China                                                                              sales of electrical product       company
                                                                                                                                               and components
                                                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025                        177

                                                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                    Issued ordinary/
                                         Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
     Name                                registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                  ’M         2025                    2024
                                                                                       Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Intelligent           Mainland China/                    RMB130       100           —          100          —     Development and research of Limited liability
       Technology Development              Mainland China                                                                              home appliances products     company
       Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Hairi High Technology       Mainland China/                      RMB7         —         100           —          100    Design, manufacture and          Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              sales of product model            company
                                                                                                                                       and mould

     Qingdao Hai Gao Design and          Mainland China/                      RMB1         —           75          —           75    Industrial design and            Limited liability
       Manufacture Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                               prototype production             company

     Shanghai Haier Medical              Mainland China/                     RMB38         —        66.87          —        66.87    Wholesale and retail of medical Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                              facility                         company

     Qingdao Haier Technology            Mainland China/                     RMB80       100           —          100          —     Development and sales of         Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                              software and information          company
                                                                                                                                       product

     Qingdao Haier Technology            Mainland China/                    RMB410       100           —          100          —     Entrepreneurship investment      Limited liability
       Investment Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               and consulting                   company

     Qingdao Casarte Smart Living        Mainland China/                     RMB50         —         100           —          100    Development, production          Limited liability
       Appliances Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                              and sales of appliances           company

     Qingdao Haichuangyuan               Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    Sales of home appliances         Limited liability
       Appliances Sales Co., Ltd.          Mainland China                                                                               and digital products             company

     Haier Overseas Electric Appliance   Mainland China/                    RMB500       100           —          100          —     Sales of home appliances,        Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               international freight            company
                                                                                                                                        forwarding

     Haier Group (Dalian) Electrical     Mainland China/                      RMB5       100           —          100          —     Sales of home appliances,        Limited liability
       Appliances Industry Co., Ltd        Mainland China                                                                               international freight            company
                                                                                                                                        forwarding

     Qingdao Haier Central               Mainland China/                    RMB110         —         100           —          100    Production and sale of           Limited liability
       Air Conditioning Co., Ltd.          Mainland China                                                                               air conditioning and             company
                                                                                                                                        refrigeration equipment
178   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                           Issued ordinary/
                                                Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                     Type of
            Name                                registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities           legal status
                                                                                         ’M         2025                    2024
                                                                                              Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


            Chongqing Haier Home Appliance      Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Sale of household appliances   Limited liability
              Sale Hefei Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                                                              company

            Qingdao Weixi Smart Technology      Mainland China/                      RMB4         —           85          —           85    Intelligent sanitary ware      Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                                                              company

            Haier U+smart Intelligent           Mainland China/                    RMB143       100           —          100          —     Software development           Limited liability
              Technology (Beijing)                Mainland China                                                                                                              company
              Co., Ltd.

            Haier (Shanghai) Electronics        Mainland China/                     RMB13       100           —          100          —     Sale, research and             Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               development of home            company
                                                                                                                                               appliances

            Shanghai Haier Zhongzhi Fang        Mainland China/                      RMB2       100           —          100          —     Business management            Limited liability
              Chuang Ke Management                Mainland China                                                                              consulting Chuang Ke            company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                       management

            Qingdao Haier Smart Kitchen         Mainland China/                    RMB180         —        85.82          —        85.82    Production and sales of        Limited liability
              Appliances Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               kitchen smart home             company
                                                                                                                                               appliances

            GE Appliance (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.   Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    Sale of home appliances        Limited liability
                                                  Mainland China                                                                                                              company

            Qingdao Haier Special               Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Production and sale of home    Limited liability
              Refrigerating Appliance             Mainland China                                                                               appliances                     company
              Co., Ltd.

            Shanghai Zhihan Technology          Mainland China/                     RMB27         —         100           —          100    Promotion of technological     Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               development                    company

            Laiyang Haier Smart Kitchen         Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Production and sale of home    Limited liability
               Appliance Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               appliances                     company

            Hefei Haier Air Conditioning        Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Production and sale of home    Limited liability
              Electronics Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                               appliances                     company

            Haier (Shanghai) Home Appliance     Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Research and development of Limited liability
              Research and Development            Mainland China                                                                              home appliances              company
              Center Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025                        179

                                                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                  Issued ordinary/
                                       Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
     Name                              registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                ’M         2025                    2024
                                                                                     Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Haier (Shenzhen) R&D Co., Ltd.    Mainland China/                     RMB15         —         100           —          100    Development, research and  Limited liability
                                         Mainland China                                                                              technical services of       company
                                                                                                                                     household and commercial
                                                                                                                                     electrical

     Guangzhou Haier Air Conditioner   Mainland China/                    RMB200         —         100           —          100    Manufacturing of refrigeration   Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                         Mainland China                                                                              and air conditioning              company
                                                                                                                                     equipment

     Qingdao Yunshang Yuyi IOT         Mainland China/                     RMB20         —           60          —           60    IoT technology research and      Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.              Mainland China                                                                               development                      company

     Qingdao Jija Cloud Intelligent    Mainland China/                      RMB1         —           80          —           80    R&D and sales of lighting        Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.              Mainland China                                                                              appliances                        company

     Qingdao Haimeihui Management      Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Leasing and business services Limited liability
       Consulting Co., Ltd.              Mainland China                                                                                                             company

     Wuxi Yunshang Internet of         Mainland China/                      RMB3         —         100           —          100    Internet of Things technology    Limited liability
       Clothing Technology Co., Ltd.     Mainland China                                                                                R&D                             company

     Qingdao Haidacheng Procurement    Mainland China/                    RMB100       100           —          100          —     Develop, purchase and sell       Limited liability
       Service Co., Ltd.                 Mainland China                                                                              electrical products and           company
                                                                                                                                     components

     Guangdong Haier Intelligent       Mainland China/                     RMB33         —        76.72          —        76.72    Scientific research and          Limited liability
       Technology Co. Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                               technical service sector         company

     Beijing Haixianghui Technology    Mainland China/                      RMB8         —         100           —          100    Scientific research and          Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                         Mainland China                                                                               technical service sector         company

     Haier Smart Home Experience       Mainland China/                    RMB100       100           —          100          —     Technology development of     Limited liability
       Cloud Ecological Technology       Mainland China                                                                               smart home products, whole    company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                      furniture customization

     Haier Smart Home (Qingdao)        Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Technical services,              Limited liability
       Network Co., Ltd.                 Mainland China                                                                               development, consulting,         company
                                                                                                                                      transfer, etc.
180   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                          Issued ordinary/
                                               Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                        Type of
            Name                               registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities              legal status
                                                                                        ’M         2025                    2024
                                                                                             Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


            Haier Smart Home (Qingdao)         Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Residential interior decoration, Limited liability
              Network Operation Co., Ltd         Mainland China                                                                              professional construction         company
                                                                                                                                             operation, special
                                                                                                                                             equipment installation,
                                                                                                                                             upgrading and repair, etc.

            Qingdao Internet of Wine           Mainland China/                     RMB70         —         100           —          100    Urban distribution and         Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd                Mainland China                                                                               transportation services,       company
                                                                                                                                              import and export of goods,
                                                                                                                                              technology import and
                                                                                                                                              export and food business,
                                                                                                                                              etc.

            Qingdao Linghai Air Conditioning   Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and production of Limited liability
              Equipment Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                              air conditioners and           company
                                                                                                                                             refrigeration equipment

            Qingdao Haixiangxue Human          Mainland China/                      RMB5       100           —          100          —     Professional intermediary         Limited liability
              Resources Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               activities                        company

            Jiangxi Haier Medical Technology   Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Wholesale and retail of medical Limited liability
               Co., Ltd.                         Mainland China                                                                              equipment                        company

            Qingdao Haizhi Shenlan             Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    Technology service                Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                               development                       company

            Qingdao Haishengze Technology      Mainland China/                      RMB1         —         100           —          100    Air conditioning equipment        Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                                technical services               company

            Qingdao Hailvyuan Recycling        Mainland China/                     RMB55         —         100           —          100    Electrical and electronic         Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                               products waste treatment          company

            Qingdao Haier HVAC Equipment       Mainland China/                    RMB400        75           25          75          25    Manufacture and sale of           Limited liability
              Co., Ltd                           Mainland China                                                                              air-conditioners                   company
                                                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025                         181

                                                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                    Issued ordinary/
                                         Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                        Type of
     Name                                registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities              legal status
                                                                                  ’M         2025                    2024
                                                                                       Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Home AI Industry      Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Integrated service of AI        Limited liability
       Innovation Center Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                                industry application system    company

     Zhejiang Weixi IoT Technology       Mainland China/                     RMB10         —         100           —          100    IoT application service           Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                                                                 company

     Qingdao Haier Quality Inspection    Mainland China/                      RMB1       100           —          100          —     Inspection and testing of         Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               household Appliances              company

     Qingdao Haiyongcheng                Mainland China/                      RMB1         —         100           —          100    Production certification service Limited liability
       Certification Service Co., Ltd.     Mainland China                                                                                                                company

     Qingdao Zhonghai Borui Testing      Mainland China/                      RMB5         —         100           —          100    Home appliance testing and        Limited liability
       Technology Service Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                              technology consulting              company

     Qingdao Haier Special Plastic       Mainland China/                     RMB86         —         100           —          100    Manufacture and sale of           Limited liability
       Development Co., Ltd.               Mainland China                                                                              refrigerator doors                 company

     Qingdao Haizhiling Air              Mainland China/                      RMB8         —         100           —          100    Software development and          Limited liability
       Conditioning Engineering            Mainland China                                                                               sale of daily necessities         company
       Co., Ltd.

     Haier Smart Home (Xiongan,          Mainland China/                     RMB50         —         100           —          100    Promotion of energy-saving        Limited liability
       Hebei) Technology Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                               technology                        company

     Qingdao Ruibo Ecological            Mainland China/                     RMB55     89.13           —        89.13          —     Environmental and AI              Limited liability
       Environmental Technology            Mainland China                                                                               technology consulting             company
       Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Sanyiniao Technology        Mainland China/                    RMB100         —         100           —          100    Technology service and            Limited liability
       Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China                                                                               advertisement design              company

     Qingdao Jingzhi Recycle             Mainland China/                     RMB30         —         100           —          100    Operation of dangerous waste Limited liability
       Environmental Technology            Mainland China                                                                                                            company
       Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Yunshang Jieshen Yilian     Mainland China/                      RMB4         —           51          —           51    Professional cleaning and sale Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               of daily necessities           company

     Shanghai Yunshang Yuyi IoT          Mainland China/                      RMB3         —         100           —          100    Professional cleaning and sale Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               of daily necessities           company

     Shijiazhuang Yunshang Yilian        Mainland China/                      RMB1         —           51          —           51    Professional cleaning and sale Limited liability
       Technology Co., Ltd.                Mainland China                                                                               of daily necessities           company
182   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                        Issued ordinary/
                                             Place of Incorporation/          registered   Percentage of equity attributable to the                                       Type of
            Name                             registration of business      share capital        Company as at 31 December                Principal activities             legal status
                                                                                      ’M         2025                    2024
                                                                                           Direct     Indirect     Direct     Indirect


            Nanjing Yunshang Yilian          Mainland China/                      RMB5         —           80          —           80    Professional cleaning and        Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.             Mainland China                                                                               sale of daily necessities        company

            Shanxi Yunshang Yilian           Mainland China/                      RMB2         —           51          —           51    Professional cleaning and        Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.             Mainland China                                                                               sale of daily necessities        company

            Tianjin Yunshang Yilian          Mainland China/                      RMB5         —           51          —           51    Professional cleaning and        Limited liability
               Technology Co., Ltd.            Mainland China                                                                               sale of daily necessities        company

            Chengdu Yunshang Meier Yilian    Mainland China/                     RMB12         —           80          —           80    Professional cleaning and        Limited liability
              Technology Co., ltd.             Mainland China                                                                               sale of daily necessities        company

            Qingdao Haier Smart Dishwasher   Mainland China/ Mainland            RMB50         —         100           —          100    Manufacture of home              Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                        China                                                                                       appliance

            Zhongshan Haier HV Equipment     Mainland China/ Mainland            RMB20         —         100           —          100    Sales of home appliance          Limited liability
              Co., Ltd.                        China

            Qingdao Haier HV Equipment       Mainland China/ Mainland           RMB100         —         100           —          100    Manufacturing and sales of air- Limited liability
              Technology Co., Ltd.             China                                                                                       conditioning equipment



            *         The English names of Mainland China companies referred to above in this note represent management’s best efforts in
                      translating these names into English as no English name have been registered or available.


            **        The above table is a list of principal subsidiaries of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
                      the Directors, result in excessive length.


            The Company and all its subsidiaries have adopted 31 December, as their financial year end.
                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   183

                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.1 APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS
   Amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for the
   current year
   In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard
   as issued by the IASB for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period
   beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

   Amendments to IAS 21                                Lack of Exchangeability

   The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no
   material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years
   and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

   New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
   The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards,
   that have been issued but are not yet effective:

   Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                     Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                         Financial Instruments2
   Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                     Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
   Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                         its Associate or Joint Venture1
   Amendments to IFRS Accounting                       Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards
     Standards                                           — Volume 112
   IFRS 18                                             Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
   Amendments to IAS 21                                Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3

   1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
   2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
   3
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


   The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to IFRS
   Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the
   foreseeable future.
184   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.2 BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS
            The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
            Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated
            financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to
            influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include
            applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
            Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

            Merger accounting for business combination involving business under common
            control
            In March 2025, the Company entered into the equity transfer agreement of Qingdao Haier Moulds Co.,
            Ltd. (“Haier Moulds”) with Qingdao Haimo Zhiyun Technology Co., Ltd. (“Haimo Zhiyun”), a subsidiary
            of Haier Group, pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire and Haimo Zhiyun agreed to sell
            100% of the equity interest in Haier Moulds at a consideration approximately of RMB78 million. As at
            31 December 2025, the transaction has been completed.

            Since the Company and Haier Moulds were ultimately controlled by Haier Group both before and after
            the completion of the transfer agreement, the acquisition of the Haier Moulds was accounted for using
            the principles of merger accounting.

            The consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
            statements of changes in equity and the consolidated statements of cash flows of the Group for the
            year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 include the results, changes in equity and cash flows of all
            companies then comprising the Group and Haier Moulds, as if the corporate structure of the Group
            immediately after the completion of the equity transfer had been in existence throughout the year
            ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, or since their respective dates of acquisition, incorporation or
            registration, where this is a shorter period.

            The consolidated statement of financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2024 has been
            prepared to present the state of affairs of the Group and Haier Moulds as if the corporate structure of
            the Group immediately after the completion of the equity transfer had been in existence and in
            accordance with the respective equity interests and/or the power to exercise control over the individual
            company attributable to the Company as at 31 December 2024.

            There are no significant adjustments made to the net assets and net profit or loss previously reported
            by the Group as a consequence on the merger accounting for business combination involving
            businesses under common control.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   185

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
   Basis of consolidation
   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
   controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

   •     has power over the investee;

   •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

   •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
   there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

   When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it considers that it has
   power over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the
   relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances
   in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power,
   including:

   •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of
         the other vote holders;

   •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

   •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

   •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the
         current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made,
         including voting patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

   Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
   when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
   acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
   and other comprehensive income/consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the Group
   gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

   Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
   Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
   to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-
   controlling interests having a deficit balance.

   When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
   accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

   All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
   between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
186   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Basis of consolidation (continued)
            Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
            which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
            assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

            Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
            Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
            subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
            components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
            relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and
            the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
            interests.

            Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
            value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of
            the Company.

            When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and
            non-controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is
            calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received
            and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including
            goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts
            previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as
            if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to
            profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRS
            Accounting Standards). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date
            when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under
            IFRS 9 Financial Instruments or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an
            associate or a joint venture.

            Business combinations or asset acquisitions
            Optional concentration test
            The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis,
            that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a
            business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired
            is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets
            under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from
            the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is
            determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

            Asset acquisitions
            When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
            identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating
            the purchase price first to investment properties which are subsequently measured under fair value
            model and financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the
            purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their
            relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or
            bargain purchase gain.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   187

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Business combinations
   A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive
   process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes
   are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an
   organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related
   processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are
   considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the
   ability to continue producing outputs.

   Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for
   using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at
   fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred
   by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
   interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are
   generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

   The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a
   liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for
   transactions and events within the scope of IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent
   Assets or IFRIC-Int 21 Levies, in which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC-Int 21 instead of the
   Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent
   assets are not recognised.

   At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
   their fair value, except that:

   •    deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
        are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
        Benefits respectively;

   •    liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
        share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
        arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment at
        the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

   •    assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5
        Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with
        that standard; and
188   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Business combinations (continued)
            •      lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                   (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
                   for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
                   underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same
                   amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
                   lease when compared with market terms.

            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
            non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity
            interest in the acquiree over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
            assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets
            acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
            non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in
            the acquiree, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

            Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
            proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
            measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
            acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value.

            When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
            consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value
            and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair
            value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted
            retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information
            obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date)
            about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

            The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
            adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that
            is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement
            is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
            remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being
            recognised in profit or loss.

            When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
            acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains
            control), and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive
            income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that
            have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 would be
            accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the
            previously held equity interest.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   189

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Business combinations (continued)
   If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in
   which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
   accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the
   measurement period (see above), and additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new
   information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known,
   would have affected the amounts recognised at that date.

   Merger accounting for business combination involving businesses under common
   control
   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
   businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined from the
   date when the combining businesses first came under the control of the controlling party.

   The net assets of the combining businesses are consolidated using the existing book values from the
   controlling party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or bargain purchase
   gain at the time of common control combination.

   Expenditure incurred in relation to a common control combination that is to be accounted for by using
   merger accounting is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

   The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income includes the results of
   each of the combining businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the
   combining businesses first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period.

   The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the businesses
   had been combined at the beginning of the previous reporting period or when they first came under
   common control, whichever is shorter.
190   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Goodwill
            Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
            acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if
            any.

            For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
            units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
            combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
            management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

            A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
            tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
            impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or
            group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before
            the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
            impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other
            assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of
            cash-generating units).

            On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
            cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
            amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the
            cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of
            goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the
            cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of
            cash-generating units) retained.

            The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is
            described below.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   191

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Investments in associates
   An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
   power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
   joint control over those policies.

   The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
   statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment, or a portion thereof,
   is classified as held for sale, in which case it is or the portion so classified is accounted for in
   accordance with IFRS 5. Any retained portion of an investment in an associate that has not been
   classified as held for sale continues to be accounted for using the equity method until disposal of the
   portion that is classified as held for sale takes place. If the Group has lost significant over the
   associates after the disposal takes place, the Group accounts for any retained interest in the
   associates in accordance with IFRS 9. If the Group has retained significant influence over the
   associates after the disposal takes place, the Group continues to account for the remaining interest
   using equity method. The financial statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are
   prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in
   similar circumstances. Appropriate adjustments have been made to conform the associate’s accounting
   policies to those of the Group. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially
   recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to
   recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate.
   Changes in net assets of the associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
   not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group.
   When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate
   (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in
   the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are
   provided for, and a liability is recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
   constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

   An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
   investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the
   cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
   liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the
   investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
   liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss
   in the period in which the investment is acquired.

   The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
   impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
   goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
   recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying
   amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms
   part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in
   accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
   increases.

   When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
   transactions with the associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the
   extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.
192   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers
            The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
            the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

            A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
            distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

            Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
            towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
            met:

            •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                   performance as the Group performs;

            •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                   performs; or

            •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                   Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

            Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
            good or service.

            A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
            the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
            accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
            consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
            which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

            A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented
            on a net basis.

            Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)
            For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (please specify), the Group allocates
            the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis,
            except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.

            The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is
            determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised
            good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the
            Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to
            any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
            entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   193

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
   performance obligation
   Output method
   The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output
   method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods
   or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised
   under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or
   services.

   As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds
   directly with the value of the Group’s performance completed to date, the Group recognises revenue in
   the amount to which the Group has the right to invoice.

   Input method
   The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input
   method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of the Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction
   of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance
   obligation, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.

   Variable consideration
   For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to
   which it will be entitled using (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, which better
   predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

   The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
   that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
   future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

   At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
   updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent
   faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
   circumstances during the reporting period.

   Notwithstanding the above criteria, the Group shall recognise revenue for a sales-based or
   usage-based royalty promised in exchange for a licence of intellectual property only when (or as) the
   later of the following events occurs:

   •     the subsequent sale or usage occurs; and

   •     the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based or usage-based royalty has
         been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).
194   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Refund liabilities
            The Group recognises a refund liability if the Group expects to refund some or all of the consideration
            received from customers.

            Sales with a right-of-return
            For a sale of products with a right of return/exchange for dissimilar products, the Group recognises all
            of the following:

            (a)    revenue for the transferred products in the amount of consideration to which the Group expects
                   to be entitled (therefore, revenue would not be recognised for the products expected to be
                   returned/exchanged);

            (b)    a refund liability/contract liability; and

            (c)    an asset (and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) for its right to recover products from
                   customers and are presented as right to returned goods asset.

            Existence of significant financing component
            In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the
            effects of the time value of money if the timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly)
            provides the customer or the Group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or
            services to the customer. In those circumstances, the contract contains a significant financing
            component. A significant financing component may exist regardless of whether the promise of
            financing is explicitly stated in the contract or implied by the payment terms agreed to by the parties
            to the contract.

            For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is
            less than one year, the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for
            any significant financing component.

            Principal versus agent
            When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
            whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
            services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by
            the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   195

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Principal versus agent (continued)
   The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
   transferred to a customer.

   The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified
   good or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or
   service provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the
   Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it
   expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by
   the other party.

   Sale of goods
   Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
   transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of goods.

   (i)    Rights of return
          For contracts which provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified
          period, the expected value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned
          because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group will
          be entitled. The requirements in IFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are
          applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the
          transaction price. For goods that are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, a refund
          liability is recognised. A right-of-return asset (and the corresponding adjustment to cost of sales)
          is also recognised for the right to recover products from a customer.

   (ii)   Sales rebates
          Retrospective sales rebates may be provided to certain customers once the value of products
          purchased during the period exceeds a threshold specified in the contract. Rebates are offset
          against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable consideration for the
          expected future rebates, the most likely amount method is used for contracts with a
          single-threshold and the expected value method for contracts with more than one threshold. The
          selected method that best predicts the amount of variable consideration is primarily driven by the
          thresholds contained in the contract. The requirements on constraining estimates of variable
          consideration are applied and a refund liability for the expected future rebates is recognised.

   Rendering of service
   (i) Construction income
       The Group provides construction and installation of commercial air-conditioner and smart home
       service, which are recognized in a certain period of time based on the progress towards
       complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. The progress towards complete satisfaction of
       a performance obligation is measured based on input method, based on the percentage of costs
       incurred to date compared to total estimated costs.
196   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Rendering of service (continued)
            (ii) Provision of logistic services
                 Revenue from the provision of logistic services is recognised over time, using an output method
                 to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the service, because the customer
                 simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.

            (iii)   Other services
                    For other services, the Group generally satisfies a performance obligation and recognises revenue
                    at a point in time once such services are completed.

            Leases
            The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16
            at inception of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of
            the contract are subsequently changed. As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are
            accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the
            consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.

            The Group as lessee
            Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
            For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
            components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the
            basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of
            the non-lease components, including contract for acquisition of ownership interests of a property which
            includes both leasehold land and non-lease building components, unless such allocation cannot be
            made reliably.

            The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease
            component, and instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components
            as a single lease component.

            Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of land and buildings,
            machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures that have a lease term of 12 months
            or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
            recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases
            of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis unless another systematic basis
            is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased assets are
            consumed.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   197

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as lessee (continued)
   Right-of-use assets
   The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

   •     the amounts of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities;

   •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

   •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

   •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
         assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
         required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
         inventories.

   Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
   and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

   Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
   leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of
   the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter
   of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

   The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property or
   inventory as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position. Right-of-use
   assets that meet the definition of investment property are presented within “Investment properties”.

   Refundable rental deposits
   Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
   Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
   included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

   Lease liabilities
   At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the
   present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
   payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
   interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The incremental borrowing rate depends
   on the term, currency and start date of the lease and is determined based on a series of inputs
   including: the risk-free rate based on government bond rates; a country-specific risk adjustment; a
   credit risk adjustment based on bond yields; and an entity-specific adjustment whether the risk profile
   of the entity that enters into the lease is different to that of the Group and whether the lease benefit
   from a guarantee from the Group.
198   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as lessee (continued)
            Lease liabilities (continued)
            The lease payments include:

            •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

            •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or
                   rate as at the commencement date;

            •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

            •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option;
                   and

            •      payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an
                   option to terminate the lease.

            Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are initially measured using the
            market rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
            index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are
            recognised as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

            After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

            The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related
            right-of-use assets) whenever:

            •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                   option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                   payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

            •      the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/
                   expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
                   remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

            •      a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease
                   (see below for the accounting policy for “lease modifications”).

            The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
            position.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   199

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as lessee (continued)
   Lease modifications
   The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

   •    the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
        assets; and

   •    the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
        for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
        circumstances of the particular contract.

   For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
   liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by
   discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
   modification.

   The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
   the relevant right-of-use asset.

   When the modified contract contains one or more additional lease components, the Group allocates
   the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
   stand-alone price of the lease component. The associated non-lease components are included in the
   respective lease components.

   The Group as a lessor
   Classification and measurement of leases
   Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the
   terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
   underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are
   classified as operating leases.

   Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date
   at amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the
   respective leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant
   periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

   Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
   term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease
   are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense
   on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value
   model. Variable lease payments for operating leases that depend on an index or a rate are included in
   the total lease payments using the index or rate as at the commencement date. Variable lease
   payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are excluded and are recognised as income when
   they are earned.
200   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as a lessor (continued)
            Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
            When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue
            from Contracts with Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease
            components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative
            stand-alone selling prices.

            Refundable rental deposits
            Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
            Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from
            lessees.

            Foreign currencies
            In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
            than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges
            prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
            denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
            items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates
            prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a
            non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also
            recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in
            other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other
            comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
            currency are not retranslated.

            Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
            items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange
            differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is
            neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign
            operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to
            profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interests in associates.

            For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
            Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Renminbi) using
            exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are
            translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly
            during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange
            differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity
            under the heading of exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve (attributed to
            non-controlling interests as appropriate).
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   201

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Foreign currencies (continued)
   Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a
   foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate
   of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are
   recognised in other comprehensive income.

   Borrowing costs
   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
   which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use
   or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for
   their intended use or sale.

   Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
   sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general
   borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
   their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

   All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

   Government grants
   Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
   with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

   Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
   Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
   Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
   or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated
   statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over
   the useful lives of the related assets.

   Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
   already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
   related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such
   grants are presented under “other gains or losses”.

   The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant,
   measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on
   prevailing market interest rates.
202   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Employee benefits
            Retirement benefit costs
            Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when
            employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

            Pension schemes
            The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in the PRC are required to participate in a
            central pension scheme (the “PRC Pension Scheme”) operated by the local municipal government.
            These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the PRC
            Pension Scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in
            accordance with the rules of the PRC Pension Scheme. Under the PRC Pension Scheme, no forfeited
            contributions will be used by the Group to reduce its existing level of contributions during the years
            ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

            For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the
            projected unit credit method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual
            reporting period. In determining the present value of the Group’s defined benefit obligations and the
            related current service cost and, where applicable, past service cost, the Group attributes benefit to
            periods of service under the plan’s benefit formula. However, if an employee’s service in later years will
            lead to a materially higher level of benefit than earlier years, the Group attributes the benefit on a
            straight-line basis from:

            (a)    the date when service by the employee first leads to benefits under the plan (whether or not the
                   benefits are conditional on further service) until

            (b)    the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits
                   under the plan, other than from further salary increases.

            Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling
            (if applicable) and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the
            consolidated statement of financial position with a charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive
            income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised in other comprehensive income
            is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.

            Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and
            a gain or loss on settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service
            cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset
            using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial assumptions, reflecting the benefits
            offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment, curtailment or
            settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic
            benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan).
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   203

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Employee benefits (continued)
   Pension schemes (continued)
   Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net
   defined benefit liability or asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or
   asset before plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, the Group determines net interest for the
   remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement using the
   benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment, curtailment or
   settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking
   into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period resulting from
   contributions or benefit payments.

   Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

   •    service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on
        curtailments and settlements);

   •    net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset; and

   •    remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability or asset in other comprehensive income.

   The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
   represents the actual deficit or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from
   this calculation is limited to the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds
   from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

   Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of
   these contributions to the plan.

   When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third
   parties, the accounting depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

   •    If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a
        deficit arising from losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the
        remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability or asset.

   •    If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution
        that is dependent on the number of years of service, the Group reduces service cost by
        attributing the contributions to periods of service using the attribution method required by IAS
        19.70 for the gross benefits (i.e. either using the plan’s contribution formula or on a straight-line
        basis). For the amount of contribution that is independent of the number of years of service, the
        Group reduces service cost in the period in which the related service is rendered/reduces service
        cost by attributing contributions to the employees’ periods of service in accordance with IAS
        19.70.
204   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Employee benefits (continued)
            Termination benefits
            A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer
            withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

            Short-term and other long-term employee benefits
            Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to
            be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
            recognised as an expense unless another IFRS Accounting Standard requires or permits the inclusion
            of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

            A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
            and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

            Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present
            value of the estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services
            provided by employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the liabilities’ carrying amounts
            resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are recognised in profit or loss except to the
            extent that another IFRS Accounting Standard requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an
            asset.

            Share-based payments
            Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
            Shares/Share options granted to employees
            Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured
            at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

            The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking
            into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the
            vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a
            corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period,
            the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
            assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
            estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
            estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve. For shares/share
            options that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the shares/share options granted is
            expensed immediately to profit or loss.

            When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
            will be transferred to other reserve. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are
            still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
            reserve will be transferred to other reserve.

            When shares awards granted are vested, the amount will recognised in share-based payments reserve
            will be transferred to other reserve.
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   205

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Taxation
   Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

   The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss)
   before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that
   are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
   have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

   Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
   liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
   computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
   differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the
   extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
   differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
   difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
   liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time
   of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In
   addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
   recognition of goodwill.

   Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
   subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
   difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
   Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments
   and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable
   profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
   reverse in the foreseeable future.

   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
   reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
   allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
   period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that
   have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

   The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
   from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle
   the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
206   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Taxation (continued)
            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
            right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
            deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

            For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
            applies IAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities, and the related assets separately. The Group
            recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable
            profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred
            tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
            tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
            taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

            Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
            recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
            deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
            Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax
            effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

            Property, plant and equipment
            Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
            goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than freehold lands and construction in
            progress as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement
            of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated
            impairment losses, if any.

            Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated
            impairment losses.

            Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
            cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the
            asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended
            by management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for
            qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Sale
            proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the
            location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
            management (such as samples produced when testing whether the asset is functioning properly), and
            the related costs of producing those items are recognised in the profit or loss. The cost of those items
            are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements of IAS 2. Depreciation of these
            assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their
            intended use.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   207

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Property, plant and equipment (continued)
   When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold
   land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the
   building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the
   allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as
   “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position except for those that are
   classified and accounted for as investment properties under the fair value model. When the
   consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in
   the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

   Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than freehold land and properties
   under construction less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
   method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end
   of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective
   basis.

   The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

   Freehold land                                                                               Not depreciated
   Buildings                                                                                       2% to 10%
   Leasehold improvements                                                                         10% to 50%
   Machinery and equipment                                                                         5% to 50%
   Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                               5% to 33%
   Motor vehicles                                                                                  9% to 35%

   An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
   benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
   disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference
   between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

   Investment properties
   Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

   Investment properties also include leased properties which are being recognised as right-of-use assets
   and subleased by the Group under operating leases.

   Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
   Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent
   accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognised so as to
   write off the cost of investment properties over their estimated useful lives and after taking into
   account of their estimated residual value, using the straight-line method.
208   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Intangible assets
            Intangible assets acquired separately
            Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
            accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses/revalued amounts, being their fair
            value at the date of the revaluation less subsequent accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
            impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a
            straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method
            are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
            accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired
            separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

            Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
            Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

            An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
            phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

            •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

            •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

            •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

            •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

            •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
                   and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

            •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                   development.

            The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
            incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where
            no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in
            profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

            Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
            accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible
            assets that are acquired separately.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   209

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Intangible assets (continued)
   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are
   initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

   Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
   lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
   the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a
   business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses.

   An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
   from use or disposal. Gain and loss arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the
   difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in
   profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

   The following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation as follows:

   Proprietary technology                                                                          10 years
   Patents and licences                                                                            40 years
   Trademarks                                                                                      Indefinite
   Customer relationships                                                                          20 years
   Software & Others                                                            not exceeding than 10 years

   Proprietary technology
   Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, proprietary
   technology with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
   straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 10 years.

   Patents and licences
   Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, purchase patents
   and licences with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
   straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 40 years.
210   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Intangible assets (continued)
            Trademarks
            The trademark has different legal life at different jurisdiction, and can renewable at minimal cost. The
            directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademark continuously
            and has the ability to do so. Various studies including product life cycle studies, market, competitive
            and environmental trends, and brand extension opportunities have been performed by management of
            the Group, which supports that the trademark has no foreseeable limit to the period over which the
            trademarked products are expected to generate net cash flows for the Group.

            As a result, the trademark is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite
            useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The trademark will not
            be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for impairment
            annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

            Customer relationships
            Customer relationships acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the
            acquisition date. The customer relations have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less
            accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected
            life of the customer relationship of 20 years.

            Software and others
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, software and
            others are amortised on a straight-line basis over an estimate useful life of not exceeding than 10
            years. The useful of the software is estimated based on the expected usage of the software and its
            authorised periods for use.

            Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
            assets other than goodwill
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
            equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets with finite useful to determine whether there is any
            indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
            recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
            impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet
            available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is — indication that
            they may be impaired.

            The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets
            are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
            Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   211

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
   assets other than goodwill (continued)
   In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant
   cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or
   otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and
   consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the
   cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is
   compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating
   units.

   Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
   value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
   discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
   specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not
   been adjusted.

   If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
   carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
   recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on
   a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount
   of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion
   of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of
   the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated
   first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a
   pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating
   units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of
   disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss
   that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the
   unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or
   loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in which case
   the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease under that standard.

   Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating
   unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable
   amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would
   have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating
   unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised
   immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another
   standard, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase under
   that standard.
212   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

            (a)    cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are
                   subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of
                   cash; and

            (b)    cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months
                   or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and
                   which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the
                   purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

            For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of
            cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts which are repayable
            on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management. Such overdrafts are presented
            as short-term borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position.

            Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party contractual restrictions are
            included as part of cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer meeting the
            definition of cash. Contractual restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in note 28. If
            the contractual restrictions to use the cash extend beyond 12 months after the end of the reporting
            period, the related amounts are classified as non-current in the consolidated statement of financial
            position.

            Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined
            on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for
            inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
            necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and
            non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale, including costs to be incurred in
            marketing, selling and distribution.

            Provisions
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
            a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable
            estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

            The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
            present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
            surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
            present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
            time value of money is material).

            Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant contracts
            with customers for sales of goods are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the
            directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   213

                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Contingent liabilities
   A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is
   not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
   obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

   Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is
   expected to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the
   consolidated financial statements.

   The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic
   benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will
   be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the
   consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the change in probability occurs,
   except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.

   Financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
   contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
   recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
   sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation
   or convention in the market place.

   Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
   arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
   Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
   financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
   (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
   appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial
   assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

   The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
   financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
   effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
   (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
   transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
   financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
   recognition.
214   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets
            All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date
            basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery
            of assets within the time frame established generally by regulation or convention in the market place
            concerned.

            All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or
            fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.

            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

            •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                   flows; and

            •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                   and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

            •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting
                   contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; and

            •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                   and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a
            financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an
            equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading
            nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3
            Business Combinations applies.

            A financial asset is held for trading if:

            •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

            •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                   manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

            •      it is a derivative except for a derivative that is a designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at
            the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an
            accounting mismatch.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   215

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
   (i)  Amortised cost and interest income
        Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
        subsequently at amortised cost and receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest
        income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
        financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For
        financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
        applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next
        reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
        financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
        effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of
        the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

   (ii)    Receivables classified as at FVTOCI
           Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for receivables classified as at FVTOCI as a result
           of interest income calculated using the effective interest method and foreign exchange gains and
           losses are recognised in profit or loss. The amounts that are recognised in profit or loss are the
           same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if these receivables had
           been measured at amortised cost. All other changes in the carrying amount of these receivables
           are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of FVTOCI
           reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to
           other comprehensive income without reducing the carrying amounts of these receivables. When
           these receivables are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in other
           comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

   (iii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
           Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains
           and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and
           accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
           cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
           investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

           Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
           Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a
           recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “Other gains or
           losses” line item in profit or loss.

   (iv)    Financial assets measured at FVTPL
           Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
           designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

           Financial assets measured at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
           period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
           recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is
           included in the “Other gains and losses” line item.
216   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
            The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
            assets (including trade and bills receivables, deposits and other receivable and receivables at FVTOCI)
            and contract assets, which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is
            updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

            Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life
            of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime
            ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the
            reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted
            for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of past
            events and current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future economic
            conditions.

            The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets without significant
            financing component.

            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has
            been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises
            lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant
            increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

            (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
                   In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                   compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                   the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                   making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                   reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
                   is available without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information considered includes the
                   future prospects of the industries in which the Group’s debtors operate, obtained from economic
                   expert reports, financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other similar
                   organisations, as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast
                   economic information that relate to the Group’s core operations.

                   In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                   has increased significantly:

                   •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                          or internal credit rating;

                   •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
                          in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                   •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                          expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                          obligations;
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   217

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
   (i)  Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
        •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

          •    an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
               environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to
               meet its debt obligations.

          Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk
          has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30
          days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
          otherwise.

          Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not
          increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low
          credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it
          has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
          obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
          longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its
          contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk
          when it has an internal or external credit rating of “investment grade” as per globally understood
          definitions.

          The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
          been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the
          criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes
          past due.

   (ii)   Definition of default
          For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
          information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
          unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in (full without taking into account any
          collaterals held by the Group).

          Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
          is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
          demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.
218   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
            (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
                  A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                  the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                  asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                          financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                          not otherwise consider;

                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation;

                   (e)    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties;
                          or

                   (f)    the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred
                          credit losses.

            (iv)   Write-off policy
                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
                   is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when
                   the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
                   Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                   recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
                   derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   219

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
   (v)  Measurement and recognition of ECL
        The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
        magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
        probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
        information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
        determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a
        practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix taking into
        consideration historical credit loss experience adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors,
        general economic conditions and forward looking information, including time value of money
        where appropriate, that is available without undue cost or effort.

         Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
         in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
         discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

         Lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets are considered on a collective basis taking
         into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
         macroeconomic information.

         For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
         formulating the grouping:

         •     Past-due status;

         •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

         •     External credit ratings where available.

         The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group
         continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

         Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
         the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
         amortised cost of the financial asset.

         Except for receivables that are measured at FVTOCI, the Group recognises an impairment gain or
         loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the
         exception of trade receivables, contract assets and other receivables where the corresponding
         adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account. For receivables that are measured at
         FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
         FVTOCI reserve without reducing the carrying amount of these receivables. Such amount
         represents the changes in the FVTOCI reserve in relation to accumulated loss allowance.
220   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Derecognition of financial assets
            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
            asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
            ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
            risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes
            its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the
            Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the
            Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
            proceeds received.

            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
            carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
            loss.

            On derecognition of a receivables classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously
            accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.

            On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
            recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
            investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

            Financial liabilities and equity
            Classification as debt or equity
            Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
            the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
            instrument.

            Equity instruments
            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
            deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
            proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

            Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
            No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
            Company’s own equity instruments.
                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   221

                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
   Financial liabilities
   All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
   or at FVTPL.

   Financial liabilities at FVTPL
   Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of
   an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is
   designated as at FVTPL.

   A financial liability is held for trading if:

   •     it has been incurred principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

   •     on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
         together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

   •     it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
         effective hedging instrument.

   A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
   acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

   •     such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
         that would otherwise arise; or

   •     the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which
         is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the
         Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
         grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

   •     it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the
         entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

   For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the
   financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other
   comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in
   other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. For
   financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, the changes in fair value of the embedded
   derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be presented in other comprehensive income.
   Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other
   comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred
   to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.
222   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
            Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
            Financial liabilities including borrowings, trade and bills payables, other payables and lease liabilities are
            subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

            The Group classifies financial liabilities that arise from a supplier finance arrangement within trade and
            bills payables in the consolidated statement of financial position if they have a similar nature and
            function to trade payables. This is the case if the supplier finance arrangement is part of the working
            capital used in the Group’s normal operating cycle, the level of security provided is similar to trade
            payables and the terms of the liabilities that are part of the supply chain finance arrangement are not
            substantially different from the terms of trade payables that are not part of the arrangement. Cash
            flows related to liabilities arising from supplier finance arrangements that are classified in trade and bills
            payables in the consolidated statement of financial position are included in operating activities in the
            consolidated statement of cash flows. Otherwise, the financial liabilities are classified in interest-bearing
            borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position and the related cash flows are included
            in financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

            Put option liabilities
            A put option liability is the obligation for the Group or Group’s subsidiaries to purchase certain
            subsidiaries equity instruments for cash or another financial asset gives rise to a financial liability
            carried at the present value of the redemption amount as at the end of the reporting period. The
            Group recognises the non-controlling interests that are granted put options, including the share of
            profits and losses, up to the end of the reporting period or the exercise date of the put options,
            whichever is earlier. Then, at the end of each reporting period, the Group de-recognises the non-
            controlling interests and recognises the put option financial liability with the difference recognised in
            equity as if the non-controlling interests are acquired at the end of reporting period.

            Derecognition of financial liabilities
            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
            discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
            liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

            Derivative financial instruments
            Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into
            and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting
            gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective as a
            hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the
            nature of the hedge relationship.

            A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of
            the instrument is more than 12 months and it is not due to be realised or settled within 12 months.
            Other derivatives are presented as current assets or current liabilities.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   223

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Embedded derivatives
   Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9
   are not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as
   either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate.

   Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of
   IFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and
   characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not
   measured at FVTPL.

   Generally, multiple embedded derivatives in a single instrument that are separated from the host
   contracts are treated as a single compound embedded derivative unless those derivatives relate to
   different risk exposures and are readily separable and independent of each other.

   Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
   A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated
   statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right
   to set off the recognised amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset
   and settle the liability simultaneously.

   Hedge accounting
   The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

   At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the
   hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for
   undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing
   basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in
   fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

   For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly
   probable, the Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows
   (contractually or non-contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate
   benchmark reform.

   Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness
   For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective
   in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when
   the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:

   •    there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;

   •    the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
        relationship; and
224   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Hedge accounting (continued)
            Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness (continued)
            •    the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
                 hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
                 entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

            If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge
            ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the
            Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets
            the qualifying criteria again.

            Cash flow hedges
            The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging
            instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive
            income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative
            change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the
            ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in the ‘other gains and
            losses’ line item.

            Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are
            reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line
            as the recognised hedged item. However, when the hedged forecast transaction results in the
            recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously
            recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are removed from equity and
            included in the initial measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. This
            transfer does not affect other comprehensive income. Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or
            all of the loss accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will not be recovered in the future, that
            amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   225

                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     Financial instruments (continued)
     Hedge accounting (continued)
     Discontinuation of hedge accounting
     The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part
     thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances
     when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing hedge
     accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case
     hedge accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

     For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
     equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is ultimately
     recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or
     loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     Dividends
     Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
     meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to consolidated financial statements.

3.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 2.3, the directors of
     the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
     underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be
     relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
     period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
     periods.

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
     uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material
     adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Estimated impairment of goodwill
     Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the
     cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is
     the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires
     the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit (or a
     group of cash-generating units) and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.
     Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances
     which results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss may arise. No
     impairment losses were recognised during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. As at
     31 December 2025, the carrying amount of goodwill was approximately RMB27,300 million (2024:
     RMB27,384 million). Further details are given in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
226   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)
            Provision of inventories
            Write-down of inventories to net realisable value is made based on the aging and estimated net
            realisable value of inventories. The assessment of the write-down amount involves management’s
            judgements and estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the
            original estimate, such differences will impact the carrying value of the inventories and the write-down
            charge/reversal in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December 2025,
            the net carrying amounts of inventories (after provision) were approximately RMB46,847 million (2024:
            RMB43,189 million (restated)).

            Product warranty provisions
            Product warranty provisions are made with reference to the retail volume and the expected unit cost
            for warranties. The assessment of the provision amount involves management’s judgements and
            estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimate,
            such differences will impact the carrying amount of the product warranty provisions and the provision
            amount charged/reversed in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December
            2025, the product warranty amounted to approximately RMB4,423 million (2024: RMB4,320 million).
            Further details are included in note 33 to consolidated financial statements.

      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
            Information reported to the directors, being the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), for the
            purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods
            or services delivered or provided.

            For segment reporting, these individual operating segments have been aggregated into a single
            reportable segment. For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on
            their products and services.

            The Group’s reportable segments under IFRS 8 are as follows:

            (a)    Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions
                   •      manufacturing and selling refrigerators/freezers;

                   •      manufacturing and selling kitchen appliances;

            (b)    Air Solutions
                   •      manufacturing and selling air conditioner;

            (c)    Household Laundry Management Solutions
                   •      manufacturing and selling washing machines and dryers;

            (d)    Household Water Solutions
                   •      manufacturing and selling water heaters and water purifiers; and
                                                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025    227

                                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     (e)      Other Business
              •       comprising distribution services, parts and components, small home appliances, logistics
                      services and others.

     All assets are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate assets (mainly
     comprising goodwill, interests in associates and cash and cash equivalents); and

     All liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate liabilities (mainly
     comprising interests-bearing borrowings, and deferred tax liabilities).

     Inter-segment sales represent the goods and services provided between segments. Segment result has
     been derived after elimination of inter-segment cost changed between segments.

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:

     For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                             Household Food Storage and                     Household
                                                 Cooking Solutions                             Laundry      Household
                                             Refrigerators/      Kitchen                   Management           Water       Other
                                                  Freezers    Appliances   Air Solutions     Solutions       Solutions   Business      Total
                                                    RMB’M        RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M       RMB’M


      Segment revenue
      Segment revenue from external
         customers                                  84,487        41,488         54,021         65,386          17,736     39,211    302,329
      Inter-segment revenue                            276            50            370            179             228     97,156     98,259


      Total                                         84,763        41,538         54,391         65,565          17,964    136,367    400,588


      Reconciliation:
      Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                      (98,259)


      Total                                                                                                                          302,329


      Segments results                               6,115         2,893          2,341          6,597           2,418       336      20,700
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                                50


                                                                                                                                      20,750
      Corporate and other unallocated
         income and gains or losses                                                                                                    4,640
      Corporate and other unallocated
         expenses                                                                                                                        (652)
      Finance costs                                                                                                                    (2,587)
      Share of profits and losses of
         associates                                                                                                                    1,328


      Profit before taxation                                                                                                          23,479
228   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Restated)

                                                      Household Food Storage and                      Household
                                                           Cooking Solutions                             Laundry
                                                      Refrigerators/       Kitchen                   Management       Household
                                                           Freezers     Appliances   Air Solutions      Solutions Water Solutions Other Business     Total
                                                            RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M     RMB’M


               Segment revenue
               Segment revenue from external
                  customers                                 83,344         41,119         49,301          63,134          16,014         33,093    286,005
               Inter-segment revenue                           212             65            316             186             161         85,538     86,478


               Total                                        83,556         41,184         49,617          63,320          16,175        118,631    372,483


               Reconciliation:
               Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                          (86,478)


               Total                                                                                                                               286,005


               Segments results                               5,974         3,179           2,304          6,499           2,221            392     20,569
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                                      7


                                                                                                                                                    20,576
               Corporate and other unallocated
                  income and gains or losses                                                                                                         3,525
               Corporate and other unallocated
                  expenses                                                                                                                            (489)
               Finance costs                                                                                                                        (2,705)
               Share of profits and losses of
                  associates                                                                                                                         1,816


               Profit before taxation                                                                                                               22,723
                                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025    229

                                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     As at 31 December 2025

                                           Household Food Storage and                     Household
                                               Cooking Solutions                             Laundry      Household
                                           Refrigerators/      Kitchen                   Management           Water       Other
                                                Freezers    Appliances   Air Solutions     Solutions       Solutions   Business      Total
                                                  RMB’M        RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M       RMB’M


      Segment assets                              55,796        22,275         57,700         52,994          19,933    105,438    314,136
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment assets                                                                                                (155,799)
      Goodwill                                                                                                                       27,300
      Interests in associates                                                                                                        21,757
      Equity investments designated at
         FVTOCI                                                                                                                       5,405
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                             2,779
      Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                              2,034
      Financial assets measured at
         amortised cost                                                                                                             26,507
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                  81
      Pledged deposits                                                                                                               1,218
      Other deposits with limited use                                                                                                  136
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     46,268
      Other receivables                                                                                                              3,973


      Total assets                                                                                                                 295,795


      Segment liabilities                         81,067        14,747         51,741         28,139           7,278    100,654    283,626
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                           (155,708)
      Tax payable                                                                                                                     2,130
      Other payable and accruals                                                                                                      1,318
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                  191
      Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                                    36,382
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                        1,631
      Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                     248


      Total liabilities                                                                                                            169,818
230   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            As at 31 December 2024 (Restated)

                                                    Household Food Storage and                      Household
                                                         Cooking Solutions                             Laundry
                                                    Refrigerators/       Kitchen                   Management       Household
                                                         Freezers     Appliances   Air Solutions      Solutions Water Solutions Other Business     Total
                                                          RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M     RMB’M


               Segment assets                             50,543         21,840         32,729          37,335          11,353         98,429    252,229
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of segment assets                                                                                                     (96,919)
               Goodwill                                                                                                                           27,384
               Interests in associates                                                                                                            20,932
               Equity investments designated at
                  FVTOCI                                                                                                                           6,074
               Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                 2,477
               Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                                  1,236
               Financial assets measured at
                  amortised cost                                                                                                                  17,630
               Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                      143
               Pledged deposits                                                                                                                      533
               Other deposits with limited use                                                                                                        70
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          54,995
               Other receivables                                                                                                                   3,952


               Total assets                                                                                                                      290,736


               Segment liabilities                        71,520         14,943         29,805          27,393           4,228         79,175    227,064
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                                (96,780)
               Tax payable                                                                                                                         2,650
               Other payable and accruals                                                                                                          3,304
               Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                       71
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                                        33,793
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                            1,547
               Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                         285


               Total liabilities                                                                                                                 171,934
                                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025       231

                                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                               Household Food Storage and                          Household
                                                   Cooking Solutions                                  Laundry        Household
                                               Refrigerators/       Kitchen                       Management             Water          Other
                                                    Freezers     Appliances      Air Solutions      Solutions         Solutions      Business      Total
                                                      RMB’M         RMB’M              RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M


      Other segment information:
      Product warranty provisions                       2,186           581              1,396           1,722             709              —      6,594
      Provision for obsolete and slow-
         moving inventories, net                          289            82                279             120              53            171        994
      (Reversal of)/allowance for expected
         credit losses in respect of trade
         and bills receivable, net                        (30)               3              17             (20)             (22)           19        (33)
      Allowance for expected credit losses
         in respect of prepayments, deposits
         and other receivables and long term
         prepayments, net                                 141            12                 38              42              48             24        305
      Loss/(gain) on disposal of non-current
         assets, net                                      179            17                  8               3               —             (9)       198
      Depreciation and amortisation                     2,482         1,476                890           1,844             451          1,607      8,750


     For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Restated)

                                                Household Food Storage and                          Household
                                                     Cooking Solutions                                 Laundry
                                                Refrigerators/       Kitchen                       Management       Household
                                                     Freezers     Appliances      Air Solutions       Solutions Water Solutions Other Business      Total
                                                      RMB’M          RMB’M             RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M      RMB’M


      Other segment information:
      Product warranty provisions                       2,244           623              1,246           1,607             683              —      6,403
      Provision for obsolete and slow-
         moving inventories, net                          257            79                257             192             101             89        975
      Allowance for/(reversal of) expected
         credit loss in respect of trade and
         bills receivable, net                             43            33                 38              74               (4)          133        317
      Allowance for expected credit losses
         in respect of prepayments, deposits
         and other receivables and long term
         prepayments, net                                 155                9              —               22              40             14        240
      Loss/(gain) on disposal of non-current
         assets, net                                       15            13                 12               9               4              (3)       50
      Depreciation and amortisation                     2,093         1,440                789           1,792             446          1,542      8,102
232   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            Geographical information
            (a)    Revenue from external customers


                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M
                                                                                                          (Restated)


                      Mainland China                                                    146,537            142,191
                      North America                                                      79,871             79,529
                      Europe                                                             38,491             32,089
                      South Asia                                                         14,199             11,525
                      Southeast Asia                                                      7,520              6,633
                      Australia and New Zealand                                           6,698              6,642
                      Japan                                                               4,167              2,674
                      Middle East and Africa                                              3,779              3,426
                      Other countries/regions                                             1,067              1,296


                                                                                        302,329            286,005


                   The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

                   The revenue related to sales to overseas is subject to relevant tax at corresponding jurisdictions,
                   if any.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   233

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Geographical information (continued)
     (b)   Non-current assets


                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


            Mainland China                                                     31,605                 30,200
            Other countries/regions                                            37,598                 35,856


                                                                               69,203                 66,056
            Interests in associates                                            21,757                 20,932
            Goodwill                                                           27,300                 27,384
            Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                             5,405                  6,074
            Financial assets measured at amortised cost                        16,518                 15,699
            Deferred tax assets                                                 2,779                  2,477


                                                                              142,962                138,622


           The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes
           interests in associates, goodwill, equity investments designated at FVTOCI, financial assets
           measured at amortised cost and deferred tax assets.

     Information about major customers
     No single customer of the Group contributed 10% or more to the total revenue of the Group during
     the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
234   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.    REVENUE AND OTHER GAINS, NET
            An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


               Sale of goods                                                         290,008             272,932
               Rendering of services                                                  12,321              13,073


                                                                                     302,329             286,005


                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


               Sale of goods
               — Point in time                                                       290,008             272,932
               Rendering of service
               — Point in time                                                             90                 83
               — Over time                                                             12,231             12,990


                                                                                     302,329             286,005


            All revenue contracts are for a period of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction
            price allocated to unsatisfied or partially satisfied contracts is not disclosed.

            Information about the Group’s performance obligations under IFRS 15 is summarised below:

            Sale of goods
            The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of goods and payment is generally due within 30
            to 90 days from delivery, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required.
            Some contracts provide customers with a right of return and volume rebates which give rise to variable
            consideration subject to constraint.
                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025     235

                                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   REVENUE AND OTHER GAINS, NET (continued)
     Rendering of services
     The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at point in time as services are rendered or when
     the customer obtains control of the distinct services and payment is generally due within 30 to 90
     days from customers. Service contracts are for periods of one year or less, or are billed based on the
     time incurred.

     An analysis of other gains, net is as follows:

                                                                                                      2025                    2024
                                                                                                    RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                         (Restated)


           Treasury and investment income:
           Interest income from
           — Bank                                                                                     1,709                   1,858
           — Wealth management products                                                                  94                      70
           — Other                                                                                       11                      40
           Purchase payment discounts                                                                   174                     123
           Dividend income from equity investment designated
              at FVTOCI                                                                                   48                      58


                                                                                                      2,036                   2,149
           Compensation received from suppliers                                                          27                      44
           (Loss)/gain on disposal of
           — Non-current assets, net                                                                   (198)                     (50)
           — Financial assets/liabilities measured at FVTPL, net                                         66                        (1)
           — Associates and subsidiaries                                                                 (6)                     (27)
           Government grants (Note (a))                                                               1,882                   1,716
           Rental income from investment properties (Note (b))                                           17                       10
           Net fair value gain on financial assets/liabilities measured
             at FVTPL                                                                                    92                       47
           Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                                           1,001                     (119)
           Sundry income                                                                                289                      136


                                                                                                      5,206                   3,905

     Notes:


     (a)       Various government grants have been received for investments in certain regions in Mainland China in which the Company’s
               subsidiaries operate as well as for the Group’s technology advancements. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
               contingencies relating to these grants.


     (b)       The rental income from investment properties less direct outgoings for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 amounted
               to approximately RMB17 million and RMB10 million respectively.
236   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      6.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX
            Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                 2025         2024
                                                                               RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                                         (Restated)


               Cost of inventories sold                                        204,443    188,545
               Provision for product warranty                                    6,594      6,403
               Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories, net
                 (Note (a))                                                        994         975
               Cost of services                                                 11,343      12,175

                                                                               223,374    208,098


               Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     5,486       5,103
               Depreciation of right-of-use assets and investment properties     1,877       1,601
               Amortisation of other intangible assets                           1,328       1,320
               Amortisation of other non-current assets                             59          78

                                                                                 8,750       8,102


               Employee benefit expense: (including directors’, chief
                 executive and supervisors’ remuneration — Note 8):
               Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind               33,791      30,054
               Pension scheme contributions                                      2,768       2,064
               Equity-settled share-based expense                                  490         374

                                                                                37,049      32,492
                                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025     237

                                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX (continued)
     Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                                     RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                          (Restated)


           Impairment of trade and bills receivables, net (Note (b))                                       (33)                   317
           Impairment of prepayments, deposits and other receivables
             and long term prepayments, net (Note (b))                                                    305                     240
           Impairment of property, plant and equipment, interest in
             associates, other intangible assets and contract assets, net
             (Note (b))                                                                                    74                          45


                                                                                                          346                     602


           Research and development costs                                                             10,096                  10,770
           Auditors’ remuneration                                                                         13                      13
           Expenses relating to short-term leases and low value leases                                 1,290                     992
           Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of
             lease liabilities                                                                             67                          86

     Notes:


     (a)       The net provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories for the year is included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated
               statement of profit or loss.


     (b)       Included in “Administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


7.   FINANCE COSTS
     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                                     RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                          (Restated)


           Interest on borrowings                                                                       1,635                   1,676
           Interest on lease liabilities                                                                  367                     223
           Other finance costs                                                                            585                     806


                                                                                                        2,587                   2,705
238   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION
            Directors’, chief executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the
            Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
            the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000


               Fees                                                                                        2,710                   2,040


               Other emoluments:
               Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                   9,248                   2,169
               Discretionary bonuses                                                                      15,682                   4,404
               Equity-settled share-based expense (Note)                                                  26,665                  22,188
               Pension scheme contributions                                                                  971                     547


                                                                                                          52,566                  29,308


                                                                                                          55,276                  31,348

            Note:


            During the year, certain directors were granted share awards/options, in respect of their services to the Group under the share
            award/option of the Company. Details of the share awards/options are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   239

                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (a)   Independent non-executive directors
           The remuneration of independent non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December
           2025 and 2024 is as follows:

           2025


                                                    Salaries,
                                                 allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                         Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                             Note     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


            CHIEN Da-chun     (i)          —               —               —                —               —           —
            WONG Hak Kun                  440              —               —                —               —         440
            LI Shipeng                    470              —               —                —               —         470
            WU Qi                         460              —               —                —               —         460
            WANG Hua          (ii)        180              —               —                —               —         180


                                        1,550              —               —                —               —        1,550


           2024


                                                     Salaries,
                                                  allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                 and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                         Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


            CHIEN Da-chun                 340              —               —                —               —         340
            WONG Hak Kun                  340              —               —                —               —         340
            LI Shipeng                    340              —               —                —               —         340
            WU Qi                         340              —               —                —               —         340


                                        1,360              —               —                —               —        1,360
240   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (b)    Executive directors and the chief executive
                   The remuneration of executive directors and the chief executive during the years ended
                   31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                   2025


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                                         Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                             Note     RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


                      LI Huagang
                         (chief executive)                 —              900           2,648          12,967              238      16,753
                      Kevin Nolan            (iii)         —            7,499          12,012           3,307              361      23,179
                      GONG Wei               (iv)          —               —               —               —                —           —


                                                           —            8,399          14,660          16,274              599      39,932


                   2024


                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                 and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                         Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                      LI Huagang
                         (chief executive)                 —              900           2,546          11,465              153      15,064
                      GONG Wei                             —              650           1,491           5,386              153       7,680


                                                           —            1,550           4,037          16,851              306      22,744
                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   241

                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (c)   Non-executive directors
           The remuneration of non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December 2025 and
           2024 are as follows:

           2025


                                                     Salaries,
                                                  allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                 and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                          Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                               Note    RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


            SHAO Xinzhi         (v)         —               —               —             2,337              —        2,337
            YU Hon To, David               415              —               —                —               —          415
            Eva LI Kam Fun     (vi)        230              —               —                —               —          230
            Gong Wei           (iv)         —              225             182            2,047              64       2,518
            Li Shaohua         (vii)        —               —               —             2,815              —        2,815
            CHIEN Da-chun       (i)        515              —               —                —               —          515


                                         1,160             225             182            7,199              64       8,830


           2024


                                                      Salaries,
                                                   allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                  and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                          Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


            SHAO Xinzhi                     —               —               —             3,740              —        3,740
            YU Hon To, David               340              —               —                —               —          340
            Eva LI Kam Fun                 340              —               —                —               —          340


                                           680              —               —             3,740              —        4,420
242   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (d)    Employee representative director
                   The remuneration of employee representative director during the year ended 31 December 2025
                   is as follows:

                   2025

                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances                Equity-settled    Pension
                                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based       scheme
                                                         Fees        in kind      bonuses       expense contributions     Total
                                            Note      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


                      Sun Danfeng            (viii)        —            330           735         2,398          152      3,615

                                                           —            330           735         2,398          152      3,615


            (e)    Supervisors
                   The remuneration of supervisors during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as
                   follows:

                   2025

                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances                Equity-settled    Pension
                                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based       scheme
                                                         Fees        in kind      bonuses       expense contributions     Total
                                            Note      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


                      YU Miao                (ix)          —            102            —            199           38        339
                      LIU Dalin              (x)           —             —             —            595           —         595
                      LIU Yongfei            (xi)          —            192           105            —           118        415

                                                           —            294           105           794          156      1,349
                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   243

                                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (e)   Supervisors (continued)
           2024

                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                 and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                        Fees          in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                         Note        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                  YU Miao                                  —               350            106              332             122         910
                  LIU Dalin                                —                —              —             1,082              —        1,082
                  MA Yingjie              (xii)            —               103            240              183              53         579
                  LIU Yongfei                              —               166             21               —               66         253

                                                           —               619            367            1,597             241       2,824


           Notes:


           i.          CHIEN Da-chun retired as independent non-executive director on 28 May 2025 and appointed as non-executive director
                       on 28 May 2025.


           ii.         WANG Hua appointed as independent non-executive director on 28 May 2025.


           iii.        Kevin Nolan appointed as executive director on 28 May 2025.


           iv.         GONG Wei retired as executive director on 28 May 2025 and appointed as non-executive director on 28 May 2025.


           v.          SHAO Xinzhi retired as non-executive director on 28 May 2025.


           vi.         Eva LI Kam Fun retired as non-executive director on 28 May 2025.

           vii.        LI Shaohua appointed as non-executive director on 28 May 2025.


           viii.       SUN Danfeng appointed as employee representative director on 28 May 2025.


           ix.         YU Miao retired as supervisor on 28 May 2025.


           x.          LIU Dalin retired as supervisor on 28 May 2025.


           xi.         LIU Yongfei retired as supervisor on 28 May 2025.


           xii.        MA Yingjie retired as supervisor on 20 June 2024.


           There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to
           waive any remuneration during the year.
244   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      9.    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
            The five highest paid employees during the year included two director (2024: one director), details of
            whose remuneration are set out in Note 8 to consolidated financial statements. Details of the
            remuneration for the year of the remaining three (2024: four) highest paid non-director employee who
            are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


               Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                               1,620             28,071
               Discretionary bonuses                                                   4,554              1,591
               Equity-settled share-based expense                                     21,488             25,147
               Pension scheme contributions                                              457                600


                                                                                      28,119             55,409


            The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell
            within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                   Number of employees
                                                                                      2025             2024


               HK$9,500,001 to HK$10,000,000                                              1                  —
               HK$10,000,001 to HK$10,500,000                                             1                  1
               HK$10,500,001 to HK$11,000,000                                             1                  —
               HK$14,000,001 to HK$14,500,000                                             —                   1
               HK$14,500,001 to HK$15,000,000                                             —                   1
               HK$20,500,001 to HK$21,000,000                                             —                   1


               Total                                                                       3                  4


            For share award/option were granted to these non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
            employees in respect of their services to the Group under the share award/option scheme of the
            Group. The fair values of share award/option, which have been recognised in the statement of profit or
            loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the
            consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are included in the
            above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   245

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Current tax
      Charge for the year                                                       3,432                   4,027
    Deferred income tax (Note 35)                                                (116)                   (870)


    Total tax charge for the year                                               3,316                   3,157


   Under the Law of the Mainland China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
   Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the Mainland China subsidiaries is 25%. Certain subsidiaries
   of the Group in the Mainland of China were approved as High and New Technology Enterprise subject
   to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% during the years ended 31 December 2025 and
   2024.

   Overseas tax is calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation
   prevailing in the respective jurisdictions.

   A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the
   jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax
   expense at the effective tax rates is as follows:

                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Profit before tax                                                          23,479                 22,723


    Tax at the statutory tax rate                                                5,870                  5,681
    Lower tax rates enacted by local authorities                                (1,736)                (1,708)
    Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                     (290)                  (274)
    Tax effect of share of profits or losses to associates                        (255)                  (421)
    Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                              (261)                  (106)
    Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                          280                    377
    Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                             (25)                    (34)
    Other amounts                                                                 (267)                  (358)


    Total tax charge for the year                                               3,316                   3,157
246   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (continued)
            OECD Pillar Two model rules
            The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) published Pillar Two model
            rules in December 2021, with the effect that a jurisdiction may enact domestic tax laws (“Pillar Two
            legislation”) to implement the Pillar Two model rules on a globally agreed common approach. Pillar
            Two legislation applies to a member of a multinational group within the scope of the Pillar Two model
            rules, which the Group is reasonably expected to fall into. It imposes a top-up tax on profits arising in
            a jurisdiction whenever the effective tax rate determined by the Pillar Two model rules on a
            jurisdictional basis is below a minimum rate of 15%.

            The Group has reviewed its corporate structure in light of the introduction of Pillar Two model rules in
            various jurisdictions and engaged external tax specialists in assessing its tax exposure. As at
            31 December 2025, the Group mainly operates in the Mainland of China, in which exposures to Pillar
            Two income taxes might exist in the future although the legislation is not yet substantively enacted or
            enacted. Besides, certain subsidiaries of the Company are located in jurisdictions where Pillar Two
            legislation had been enacted or substantively enacted, but not yet in effect and certain subsidiaries of
            the Company are located in jurisdictions where Pillar Two legislation has become effective. Based on
            the assessment, the Group does not expect a material exposure to Pillar Two income taxes.

      11. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                       RMB’M               RMB’M


               Interim dividend proposed and paid during the year                        2,507                  —
               Final dividend paid during the year                                       8,976               7,444


                                                                                        11,483               7,444


               Final dividend proposed                                                   8,248               8,997


                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                          RMB                RMB


               Interim dividend per share (Note a)                                      0.2692                  —


               Final dividend proposed per share (Note b)                               0.8867               0.965
                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025     247

                                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




11. DIVIDENDS (continued)
   Notes:


   (a)      The amount represents RMB2.692 for every 10 shares. With regards to the payment of interim dividend for the period ended
            30 June 2025, as the total share capital of the Company changed before the registration date on 23 October 2025 and the
            Company maintained the total distribution of RMB2,507 million (tax inclusive) unchanged, the Company adjusted the
            distribution ratio per share from RMB2.69 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares to RMB2.692 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares
            accordingly.


   (b)      The amount represents RMB8.867 for every 10 shares in 2025 (2024: RMB9.65 for every 10 shares). With regards to the
            payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2024, as the total share capital of the Company changed before
            the registration date on 4 July 2025 and the Company maintained the total distribution of RMB8,997 million (tax inclusive)
            unchanged, the Company adjusted the distribution ratio per share from RMB9.65 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares to
            RMB9.6504 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares accordingly.


12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
   to ordinary equity holders of the Company, excluding dividend payable to expected vested share
   award, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the, as adjusted to
   exclude the repurchased share.

   The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit attributable to ordinary
   equity holders of the Company. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the
   calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the period, as used in the basic earnings
   per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been
   issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary
   shares into ordinary shares.

   The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                   2025                     2024
                                                                                                 RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                                       (Restated)


         Earnings
         Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company                             19,553                  18,731
         Less: Dividend payable to expected vested share awards                                       (19)                     (70)


         Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company
           used in calculating basic earnings per share                                            19,534                  18,661


         Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company
           used in calculating diluted earnings per share                                          19,553                  18,731
248   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
          HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                     2025                   2024


               Number of shares
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
                 of calculating basic earnings per share                                  9,214,849,386          9,223,578,468
               Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
                 Share awards                                                                 74,679,161            63,134,874
                 Share options                                                                 2,247,423             6,702,593


               Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
                the year used in the diluted earnings per share calculation               9,291,775,970          9,293,415,935

            Note:


            The weighted average number of ordinary shares as above are adjusted by the number of shares that would have been issued
            assuming vesting of share awards and exercise of share options.


      13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (a)     During the year, in addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these consolidated financial
                    statements, the Group had the following material transactions with the Group’s related parties
                    (and their affiliates):

                                                                                                    2025                   2024
                          Relationship             Nature of transactions                         RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                                      (Restated)


                          Associates                Sale of goods and services                      2,710                 2,581
                                                    Purchase of goods and services                 19,712                18,879
                                                    Interest income                                   795                   874
                                                    Interest expenses                                  56                     2
                                                    Service fee                                         9                     8


                          Haier Affiliates          Sale of goods and services                        862                   998
                           (Note (i))               Purchase of goods and services                 10,535                11,253
                                                    Other service fee expenses                         54                   105


                    The above transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually
                    agreed by the parties involved.

                    Note:


                    (i)      Haier Affiliates include Haier Group’s subsidiaries.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   249

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (b)   Compensation of key management personnel (excluding the directors, chief executive and
         supervisors of the Company) of the Group.

                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


          Short term employee benefits                                          20,357                 15,998
          Post-employment benefits                                               1,759                  1,316
          Share-based payment                                                   55,466                 48,235


          Total compensation paid to key management personnel                   77,582                 65,549


         Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in Note 8 to
         consolidated financial statements.

         The number of non-director and non-chief executive key management personnel whose
         remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                        Number of key management
                                                                                personnel
                                                                              2025           2024


          Number of individuals within the band of
          HK$1,000,001— HK$1,500,000                                                  1                      —
          HK$1,500,001— HK$2,000,000                                                  —                      1
          HK$2,500,001— HK$3,000,000                                                  1                      —
          HK$3,000,001— HK$3,500,000                                                  1                      —
          HK$5,000,001— HK$5,500,000                                                  1                      —
          HK$5,500,001— HK$6,000,000                                                  2                      —
          HK$6,000,001— HK$6,500,000                                                  2                      1
          HK$7,500,001— HK$8,000,000                                                  —                      2
          HK$8,000,001— HK$8,500,000                                                  1                      —
          HK$8,500,001— HK$9,000,000                                                  —                      2
          HK$9,000,001— HK$9,500,000                                                  —                      1
          HK$9,500,001— HK$10,000,000                                                  2                     1
          HK$10,000,001— HK$10,500,000                                                 1                     1
          HK$10,500,001— HK$11,000,000                                                 1                     —


          Total                                                                      13                       9


   (c)   For the transactions constituting connected transactions under Listing Rules, please refer to
         “Connected Transactions” under “Report of the Directors”.
250   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                   Furniture
                                                        Land and        Leasehold Machinery and      Motor      fixture and     Construction
                                                        buildings     improvement    equipment     vehicles      equipment       in progress      Total
                                                          RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M       RMB’M

               Cost:
               As at 1 January 2024 (restated)             19,818           1,731        35,386        229            3,958            5,983     67,105
               Additions                                      295             274         1,580          28             166            6,294       8,637
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                    595              28           391          15               44               74      1,147
               Disposal/write-off                              (75)             (6)        (921)        (24)           (228)               —      (1,254)
               Transfer from construction in progress       2,777              —          3,089          24             663           (6,553)          —
               Transfers from investment property               27             —             —           —                —                —           27
               Transfers to investment property                 —              —             —           —                —               (96)        (96)
               Exchange realignment                          (260)              (3)        (320)          (8)            (50)              10       (631)


               As at 31 December 2024 and
                  1 January 2025 (restated)                23,177           2,024        39,205        264            4,553            5,712     74,935
               Additions                                      555             260           838         23               90            6,361      8,127
               Disposal/write-off                            (386)           (523)       (2,294)       (41)            (605)              —      (3,849)
               Transfer from construction in progress       2,762              —          3,642         46              740           (7,190)        —
               Exchange realignment                            10              (2)         (140)        12              207               29        116


               As at 31 December 2025                      26,118           1,759        41,251        304            4,985            4,912     79,329


               Accumulated depreciation and
                  impairment:
               As at 1 January 2024 (restated)              5,770           1,238        17,879        137            2,079               24     27,127
               Depreciation provided for the year           1,020             389         3,137          27             530               —       5,103
               Disposals/write-off                             (18)             (6)        (731)        (18)           (177)              —        (950)
               Transfer from investment property                 9             —             —           —                —               —            9
               Impairment provided for the year                 —              —              6          —                —                4          10
               Exchange realignment                            (71)             (2)          27           (3)            (18)             —          (67)


               As at 31 December 2024 and
                  1 January 2025 (restated)                 6,710           1,619        20,318        143            2,414               28     31,232
               Depreciation provided for the year           1,085             195         3,524         36              646               —       5,486
               Disposals/write-off                           (111)           (523)       (1,744)       (23)            (484)              —      (2,885)
               Impairment provided for the year                24              —              5          1                5               —          35
               Exchange realignment                          (175)             (2)         (126)        —                56               —        (247)


               As at 31 December 2025                       7,533           1,289        21,977        157            2,637               28     33,621


               Carrying amounts
               As at 31 December 2025                      18,585             470        19,274        147            2,348            4,884     45,708


               As at 31 December 2024 (restated)           16,467             405        18,887        121            2,139            5,684     43,703


            At 31 December 2025, the Group was still in the process of obtaining ownership certificates for certain
            land and buildings it owns, the net book value of which was RMB1,088 million (2024: RMB396 million).
            At the same date, certain of these land and buildings with net book value of RMB1,088 million (2024:
            RMB396 million) had been put into use as, in the opinion of the directors, the Group can legally
            occupy and operate these properties while the related ownership certificates are being processed.

            As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s land and buildings with a net carrying value of RMB32 million
            (31 December 2024: Nil) was pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank loans.
                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   251

                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                   RMB’M


    Cost:
    As at 1 January 2024                                                                                124
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets                                 175
    Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                                            (27)


    As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                           272
    Addition                                                                                            100


    As at 31 December 2025                                                                              372


    Accumulated depreciation:
    As at 1 January 2024                                                                                 25
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets                                    1
    Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                                             (9)
    Depreciation provided for the year                                                                     8
    Exchange realignment                                                                                   1


    As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                            26
    Depreciation provided for the year                                                                   12


    As at 31 December 2025                                                                               38


    Carrying amounts
    As at 31 December 2025                                                                              334


    As at 31 December 2024                                                                              246


   The Group’s investment properties consist of four industrial properties in Mainland China as at
   31 December 2025 (2024: three industrial properties in Mainland China).
252   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
            The fair value of the Group’s investment properties as at 31 December 2025 has been arrived at on
            the basis of a valuation carried out on the respective dates by Shanghai Orient Appraisal Co. Ltd.,
            independent qualified professional valuers not connected to the Group.

            The fair value of the industrial properties in Mainland China was determined based on the income
            approach, where the market rentals of all lettable units of the properties are assessed and discounted
            at the market yield expected by investors for this type of properties. The market rentals are assessed
            by reference to the rentals achieved in the lettable units of the properties as well as other lettings of
            similar properties in the neighbourhood. The discount rate is determined by reference to the yields
            derived from analysing the sales transactions of similar commercial properties in Mainland China and
            adjusted to take into account the market expectation form property investors to reflect factors specific
            to the Group’s investment properties. There has been no change from the valuation technique used in
            the prior year.

            Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at the
            end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                     2025                          2024
                                                                       Fair value at                  Fair value at
                                                              Carrying      Level 3         Carrying        Level 3
                                                               amount     hierarchy         amount        hierarchy
                                                               RMB’M        RMB’M            RMB’M          RMB’M


               Investment properties outside Hong Kong             334            401            246           309


            The above investment properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per
            annum:

            Investment property                                                                           2% to 5%
                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   253

                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




16. LEASES
   The Group as a lessee
   The Group has lease contracts for various items of leasehold land, properties, machinery and
   equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures and equipment in its operations. Lump sum payments
   were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 50 years, and no
   ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of buildings and plant
   generally have lease terms up to ten years, while machinery and equipment, furniture, fixtures and
   equipment and motor vehicles generally have shorter lease terms of one to five years. Exemption was
   applied for lease contracts of twelve months or less and/or are individually of low value.

   (a)   Right-of-use assets
         The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are
         as follows:


                                                                                              Furniture,
                                                                    Machinery                   fixtures
                                               Leasehold                  and         Motor          and
                                                    land Properties equipment       vehicles equipment       Total
                                                 RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M       RMB’M


          As at 1 January 2024 (restated)          3,296     3,683        262            139        701        8,081
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —        261        151             —          —           412
          Additions                                 176      2,262          16            94         99        2,647
          Disposal                                   —        (227)        (37)            (2)        (2)       (268)
          Transfer to investment property            (78)       —           —             —          —            (78)
          Depreciation provided for the year         (83)    (1,235)      (44)           (79)       (152)     (1,593)
          Exchange realignment                       (26)        (58)       4              (5)        11          (74)


          As at 31 December 2024 and
             1 January 2025 (restated)             3,285      4,686       352            147         657       9,127
          Additions                                  247      1,593       151            112         187       2,290
          Disposal                                    —        (220)      (25)            —           (9)       (254)
          Depreciation provided for the year         (85)    (1,407)     (120)          (108)       (145)     (1,865)
          Exchange realignment                        (4)       139         8             11          15         169


          As at 31 December 2025                   3,443     4,791        366            162        705        9,467
254   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      16. LEASES (continued)
            The Group as a lessee (continued)
            (b)    Lease liabilities
                   The carrying amount of lease liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                     RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


                      Lease liabilities payable:
                      Within one year                                                  1,951             1,537
                      Within a period of more than one year
                        but not exceeding two years                                    1,556             1,186
                      Within a period more than two years but not exceeding
                        five years                                                     2,751             2,609
                      Within a period of more than five years                          1,457             1,812


                      Total minimum lease payment                                      7,715              7,144
                      Less: total future interest expenses                            (1,533)            (1,311)


                                                                                       6,182             5,833
                      Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown
                             under current liabilities                                (1,631)            (1,352)


                      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
                       under non-current liabilities                                   4,551             4,481


                   The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 0.01%
                   to 28.25% (2024: 0.01% to 28.25%).
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   255

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




16. LEASES (continued)
   The Group as a lessee (continued)
   (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Interest on lease liabilities                                            367                     223
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                             1,865                   1,593
          Expense relating to:
          Short-term leases                                                      1,162                     951
          Lease of low value assets                                                128                      41
          Variable lease payments not included in
             the measurement of lease liabilities                                    67                     86


          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                              3,589                   2,894
256   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      16. LEASES (continued)
            The Group as a lessor
            The Group leases its investment properties (Note 15) consisting one industrial property in Qingdao, the
            Mainland China, one industrial property in Dalian, the Mainland China and two industrial properties in
            Zhengzhou, the Mainland China under operating lease arrangements as at 31 December 2025 (2024:
            one industrial property in Dalian, the Mainland China and two industrial properties in Zhengzhou, the
            Mainland China under operating lease arrangements). Rental income recognised by the Group was
            approximately RMB17 million (2024: RMB10 million) for the year ended 31 December 2025, details of
            which are included in Note 5 to consolidated financial statements.

            At the end of the reporting period, the undiscounted lease payments receivables by the Group in
            future periods under non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M


               Within one year                                                             17                 12
               In the second year                                                          13                 11
               In the third year                                                           10                 10
               In the fourth year                                                          10                 10
               In the fifth year                                                           10                 10
               After five years                                                           118                132


                                                                                          178                185


      17. GOODWILL
                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M


               Cost:
               At 1 January                                                            27,603             24,702
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                 —               2,808
               Exchange realignment                                                       (84)                93


                                                                                       27,519             27,603
               Less: Impairment loss                                                     (219)              (219)


               Net carrying amount                                                     27,300             27,384
                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   257

                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




17. GOODWILL (continued)
   IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE
   USEFUL LIVES
   For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives have been
   allocated to following individual cash-generating units:

   •      GE Appliances;

   •      Haier New Zealand Investment Holding Company Limited (“HNZ”); and

   •      Haier Europe Appliance Solutions S.P.A (“Candy”); and

   •      CCR

   The carrying amounts of goodwill and trademarks (net of accumulated impairment losses) allocated to
   these cash-generating units are as follows:

                                                       Goodwill                             Trademarks
                                                      2025              2024                 2025       2024
                                                    RMB’M              RMB’M               RMB’M       RMB’M


       GE Appliances (Note)                          20,883             21,361                 668                  683
       HNZ (Note)                                       438                443                 510                  518
       Candy (Note)                                   2,130              1,946               1,527                1,395
       CCR (Note)                                     2,329              2,142                  —                    —
       Other                                          1,520              1,492                  —                    —


       Net carrying amount                           27,300             27,384               2,705                2,596

   Note: The recoverable amounts of GE Appliances, HNZ, Candy and CCR have been determined by using cash flow projections
         based on financial budgets approved by senior management.


   The trademark held represented the exclusive right to use of registered trademarks. GE Appliances
   operates under several key trademarks, including General Electric series (all product lines), Monogram
   (refrigerator and cooking), and Hotpoint (laundry and cooking). HNZ operates under several key
   brands, including Fisher & Paykel and DCS. Candy operates under several key trademarks, including
   Candy (mainly oriented to the low-to-mid-end kitchen and bathroom appliances) and Hoover (mainly
   oriented to the mid-to-high-end kitchen and bathroom appliances and the floor care appliances).

   In addition to goodwill and trademarks above, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and
   right-of-use assets (including allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the
   related goodwill and trademark are also included in the respective cash-generating unit for the purpose
   of impairment assessment.
258   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      17. GOODWILL (continued)
            Assumptions were used in the value-in-use or fair value less cost of disposal calculation of the above
            cash-generating units as at 31 December 2025 and 2024. The following describes each key
            assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing
            of goodwill and trademarks. The annual growth rates of each CGUs are based on the relevant industry
            growth forecasts and do not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. Other
            key assumptions for the value-in-use calculations relate to the estimation of cash flows which include
            budgeted sales and gross margin; such estimation is based on the unit’s past performance and
            management’s expectations for the market development.

            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of GE Appliances are as follows:


                                                       Pre-tax                               Recoverable     Headroom
                                                      discount       Annual       Terminal        amount         amount
                                                          rate   growth rate   growth rate    (in million)   (in million)


               As at 31 December 2025                   11.2%         2.61%            2%     RMB65,368      RMB31,301


               As at 31 December 2024                  12.63%         2.58%            2%     RMB55,351      RMB19,825


            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of HNZ are as follows:


                                                       Pre-tax                               Recoverable     Headroom
                                                      discount       Annual       Terminal        amount         amount
                                                          rate   growth rate   growth rate    (in million)   (in million)


               As at 31 December 2025                   15.1%         3.31%            2%      RMB2,877        RMB499


               As at 31 December 2024                   14.9%         3.99%            2%      RMB2,724         RMB352


            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of Candy are as follows:


                                                       Pre-tax                               Recoverable     Headroom
                                                      discount       Annual       Terminal        amount         amount
                                                          rate   growth rate   growth rate    (in million)   (in million)


               As at 31 December 2025                  11.95%         9.83%          1.7%     RMB17,633      RMB9,807


               As at 31 December 2024                  11.81%         8.64%          1.5%     RMB11,262       RMB3,221
                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   259

                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




17. GOODWILL (continued)
   Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of CCR are as follows:


                                       Pre-tax                                Recoverable         Headroom
                                      discount       Annual       Terminal         amount             amount
                                          rate   growth rate   growth rate     (in million)       (in million)


     As at 31 December 2025            10.67%        12.33%           1.8%       RMB5,615           RMB333


     As at 31 December 2024            10.31%          9.39%          1.8%       RMB5,208            RMB316


   Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to similar
   industries and geographical locations.

   Annual growth rate — The basis used to determine the annual growth rate is the average growth rate
   achieved in the years immediately before the budget year, increased for expected market
   development.

   Terminal growth rate — The constant rate that the Company is expected to grow indefinitely.

   During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the impairment assessment is based on a
   valuation by an independent professional valuer.

   The recoverable amount is significantly above the carrying amount of GE Appliance and HNZ.
   Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not
   result in impairment.

   The recoverable amount of Candy exceeds its carrying amount by RMB9,807 million (2024: RMB3,221
   million). If the budgeted sales covering 5-year period were reduced by 23% (2024: 1.63%), while other
   parameters remain constant, the recoverable amount of Candy would equal its carrying amount.

   The recoverable amount of CCR exceeds its carrying amount by RMB333 million (2024: RMB316
   million). If the pre-tax discount rate was changed to 11.01% (2024: 10.66%) or the budgeted sales
   covering 5-year period were reduced by 0.26% (2024: 0.25%), while other parameters remain
   constant, the recoverable amount of CCR would equal its carrying amount.
260   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                      Proprietary     Patents and                       Customer      Software and
                                                      technology         licences    Trademarks      relationships          others       Total
                                                          RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M             RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2024 (restated)                813           3,575         2,721                 14           2,046        9,169
               Additions                                      129              22             —                 —            1,074        1,225
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                      —              —            119             1,518              257        1,894
               Disposals                                        —              —              —                 —               (12)         (12)
               Amortisation provided for the year            (202)           (185)             (7)             (24)           (902)      (1,320)
               Exchange realignment                            (51)           186            (96)              (57)           (180)        (198)


               As at 31 December 2024 and
                  1 January 2025 (restated)                   689           3,598         2,737             1,451            2,283       10,758
               Additions                                      151              —             —                 —               955        1,106
               Disposals                                       —               (1)           —                 —               (39)         (40)
               Amortisation provided for the year            (198)           (195)          (13)              (81)            (841)      (1,328)
               Impairment                                      —               —             —                 —                (5)          (5)
               Exchange realignment                            (8)             64           119               133              (17)         291


               As at 31 December 2025                        634            3,466         2,843             1,503            2,336       10,782


            There was no impairment loss recognised for trademarks with indefinite useful lives during the years
            ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. Details are set out in Note 17 to consolidated financial
            statements.

            The Group’s other intangible assets amounting to RMB351 million (31 December 2024: RMB97 million)
            were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank loans.

      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
            Details of interests in associates of the Group is as follow:

                                                                                                               2025                     2024
                                                                                                             RMB’M                     RMB’M


               Cost of investments in associates                                                              14,335                   14,054
               Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
                 income, net of dividends received                                                              7,522                   6,979
               Impairments loss                                                                                  (100)                   (101)


                                                                                                              21,757                   20,932
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   261

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
   Particulars of the material associates of the Group are as follows:

                      Place of             Paid-up
                      incorporation/     capital or   Percentage of equity
                      registration of   registered       attributable to                           Type of legal
    Name              business              capital      the Company          Principal activity   activity
                                               ’000       2025         2024


    Haier Group       Mainland China/    RMB7,000         42%          42%    Financing            Limited liability
     Finance Co., Ltd  Mainland China                                                                company


   The following table illustrates summarised financial position of Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd
   information as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 and summarised financial performance information for
   the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and
   reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements.

   Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Haier Finance”)

                                                                                    2025                    2024
                                                                                  RMB’M                    RMB’M


    Current assets                                                                 61,699                   55,207
    Non-Current assets                                                             16,135                   20,913
    Current liabilities                                                           (57,416)                 (55,910)
    Non-current liabilities                                                          (102)                    (639)


    Net assets                                                                     20,316                   19,571


    Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                               42%                      42%


    The Group’s share of net assets of Haier Finance                                8,533                    8,220


    Revenue                                                                         1,135                    1,983
    Profit for the year                                                             1,306                    1,294
    Total comprehensive income for the year                                         1,306                    1,294


    Reconciliation of carrying amount of Haier Finance:
    Share of net assets as at 1 January                                             8,220                    7,912
    Dividends received                                                               (235)                    (235)
    Share of results of Haier Finance                                                 548                      543


    Carrying amount as at 31 December                                               8,533                    8,220
262   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
            The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not
            individually material:

                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


               Share of results of the associates for the year                              819               1,266
               Share of the associates’ other comprehensive loss                           (347)                 (43)
               Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income                          472               1,223


                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


               Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
                 in the associates                                                       13,324              12,813


      20. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FVTOCI
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                         (Restated)


               Listed equity investments, at fair value:
               — Qingdao East Soft Communication Technology Co., Ltd                         12                  15
               — Other                                                                       10                  11

               Unlisted equity investments, at fair value:
               — Sinopec Marketing Co., Ltd.                                              1,128               1,674
               — COSMOPlat IoT Technology Co., Ltd. (“COSMO”)                             2,789               2,786
               — Other                                                                    1,466               1,588


                                                                                          5,405               6,074


            The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVTOCI as the Group considers these
            investments to be strategic in nature. Details of valuation techniques used to estimate the fair values of
            the above equity investments are set out in Note 42 to consolidated financial statements.

            During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group received dividends in the amount of
            approximately RMB48 million (2024: RMB58 million (restated)) from the above investments.
                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   263

                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




21. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FVTPL
                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Current
    Wealth management products                                                1,486                     746
    Investment funds                                                            339                     295
    Investment in other equity instruments                                      209                     195


                                                                              2,034                   1,236


   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, included in the Group’s wealth management products were
   products with floating returns which were measured at FVTPL.

22. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Current
    Time deposits                                                             9,989                   1,931


                                                                              9,989                   1,931


    Non-current
    Time deposits                                                            16,383                 15,475
    Long-term receivables                                                       135                    224


                                                                             16,518                 15,699


    Total                                                                    26,507                 17,630


   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, included in the Group’s time deposits were products with fixed
   returns which were stated at amortised cost. The time deposits with carrying amounts of RMB23,552
   million (2024: RMB13,846 million) are placed with Haier Finance as at 31 December 2025. Certain time
   deposits are unsecured, interest on 1.3%–3.5% per annum (2024: 2.6%–3.4% per annum) and
   recoverable more than one year. The expected credit losses for the financial assets measured at
   amortised cost are immaterial to the Group.
264   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                            2025       2024
                                                                          RMB’M       RMB’M


               Derivatives that are designated and effective as hedging
                 instruments carried at fair value:

               Current assets
               Foreign currency forward contracts                             81          139
               Cross currency interest rate swap contracts                    —             4

                                                                              81          143


               Current liabilities
               Foreign currency forward contracts                            191           71

                                                                             191           71

      24. INVENTORIES
                                                                            2025         2024
                                                                          RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                                    (Restated)


               Raw material                                                6,319        6,670
               Work in progress                                              493          388
               Finished goods                                             40,035       36,131

                                                                          46,847       43,189

      25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                            2025         2024
                                                                          RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                                    (Restated)


               Trade receivables                                          27,981       27,564
               Less: Allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”)           (915)       (1,069)

               Trade receivables, net                                     27,066       26,495

               Bills receivables                                           6,483       12,181
               Less: Allowance for ECL                                        (1)           (1)

               Bills receivables, net                                      6,482       12,180

               Total                                                      33,548       38,675
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   265

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
   The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where
   payment in advance is normally required. The credit period generally ranges from 30 to 90 days. Each
   customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding
   receivables to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In
   view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of
   diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any
   collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-
   interest bearing.

   Category of bills receivables

                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


    Bank acceptance bills                                                        1,850                 10,382
    Commercial acceptance bills                                                  4,633                  1,799
    Less: Allowance for ECL                                                         (1)                     (1)


    Total                                                                        6,482                 12,180


   All bills receivables by the Group are with a maturity period of less than one year.

   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables (net of ECL) as at the end of the reporting period, based
   on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


    1 to 3 months                                                               23,341                 24,083
    3 months to 1 year                                                           2,791                  1,642
    1 to 2 years                                                                   531                    569
    2 to 3 years                                                                   278                    120
    Over 3 years                                                                   125                     81


                                                                                27,066                 26,495
266   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
            The movements in the ECL allowance of trade and bills receivables are as follows:

                                                                                          2025                        2024
                                                                                        RMB’M                      RMB’M
                                                                                                                 (Restated)


               As at 1 January                                                             1,070                     1,476
               Provision/(reversal) of impairment loss, net                                  (33)                      317
               Amount written off as uncollectible                                          (156)                     (714)
               Exchange realignment                                                           35                         (9)


               As at 31 December                                                                916                  1,070


            As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a
            provision matrix to measure ECL. The ECL rates are based on days past due for groupings of various
            customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type). The calculation reflects the
            probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information
            that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future
            economic conditions.

            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using
            a provision matrix:

            As at 31 December 2025


                                                      Less than      1 to      2 to      Over   Individual
                                                         1 year   2 years   3 years   3 years assessment               Total


               Average loss rate                          1.2%     18.7%     29.1%     64.6%           94.7%           3.3%
               Gross carrying amount (RMB’M)             26,458      647       392       353              131         27,981
               Expected credit loss (RMB’M)                 328      121       114       228              124            915


            As at 31 December 2024 (Restated)


                                                      Less than      1 to      2 to      Over       Individual
                                                         1 year   2 years   3 years   3 years     assessment            Total


               Average loss rate                          1.5%     15.3%     33.7%     62.1%           95.8%           3.9%
               Gross carrying amount (RMB’M)             26,107      660       181       214             402          27,564
               Expected credit loss (RMB’M)                389       101        61       133              385          1,069
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   267

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
   Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates approximately
   RMB922 million (2024: RMB552 million (restated)) and amounts due from associates approximately
   RMB724 million (2024: RMB555 million) as at 31 December 2025. All of these amounts are repayable
   on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the Group. Further details of the
   sales to these related parties are set out in Note 13 to consolidated financial statements.

   As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bills receivables of approximately RMB1,196 million (2024:
   RMB5,068 million) were pledged to secure the Group’s bills payable. The Groups’ bills receivables of
   approximately RMB38 million (2024: RMB47 million) pledged to secured of the Group’s loan.

26. RECEIVABLES AT FVTOCI
                                                                                  2025                   2024
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


    Bills receivables at FVTOCI                                                   1,788                     236
    Trade receivables at FVTOCI                                                      —                      177


    Total                                                                         1,788                     413


   As part of the Group’s cash flow management, the Group factors certain trade receivables to financial
   institutions before the receivables are due for payment. The factored trade receivables are
   derecognised on the basis that the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards to the
   relevant counterparties. Such trade receivables that are held for the collection of contractual cash flows
   and sale of financial assets, have been classified as trade receivables at FVTOCI.

   Certain bills which were held by the Group for the practice of discounting/endorsing to financial
   institutions/suppliers before the bills due for payment were classified as “bills receivables at FVTOCI”.
   At 31 December 2025 and 2024, all bills are bank acceptance bills and with a maturity period of less
   than one year.

   As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s receivables at FVTOCI of approximately RMB163 million (2024:
   Nil) were pledged to secure the Group’s bills payable.
268   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      27. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                                        RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                             (Restated)


               Current
               Interest receivables                                                                          342                    772
               Taxes recoverable                                                                           3,463                  3,618
               Prepayments                                                                                 2,855                  2,387
               Deposits                                                                                      126                    111
               Other receivables                                                                           2,761                  2,816
               Miscellaneous receivables                                                                     699                    566


                                                                                                         10,246                  10,270
               Less: Allowance for ECL                                                                     (330)                   (339)


                                                                                                           9,916                  9,931
               Non-current
               Long-term prepayments                                                                       1,680                  1,381


                                                                                                         11,596                  11,312

            Notes:


            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables mainly represent prepayments and the deposits with suppliers and other parties.


            Included in the Group’s long-term prepayments are advances made to Haier Affiliates relating to the Group’s property, plant and
            equipment with an aggregate amount of approximately RMB82 million (2024: RMB13 million) as at 31 December 2025. The
            amounts are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on demand.


            Included in the Group’s prepayments, deposits and other receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates of approximately
            RMB777 million (2024: RMB569 million (restated)) and amounts due from associates of approximately RMB1,912 million (2024:
            RMB1,712 million (restated)) as at 31 December 2025. All of these amounts are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on
            demand.
                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   269

                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




27. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
   The movements in the ECL of prepayments, deposits and other receivables are as follows:

                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


    As at 1 January                                                              339                    433
    Impairment losses, net (Note 6)                                              305                    240
    Amount written off as uncollectible                                         (315)                  (334)
    Exchange realignment                                                           1                     —


    As at 31 December                                                            330                    339


28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                            RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                (Restated)


    Cash and bank balances                                                   39,161                 34,709
    Time deposits                                                             8,461                 20,889


                                                                             47,622                 55,598
    Less: Cash and bank balances and time deposits pledged for:
          Bills payables (Note 29)                                            (1,085)                  (484)
          Bank guarantees                                                       (133)                    (49)


    Pledged deposits                                                          (1,218)                  (533)
    Other deposit with limited use                                              (136)                    (70)


    Cash and cash equivalents                                                46,268                 54,995
270   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
            (continued)
            As at 31 December 2025, the cash and bank balances and time deposits of the Group, denominated
            in RMB, amounted to approximately RMB24,446 million (2024: RMB34,223 million (restated)). The RMB
            is not freely convertible into other currencies; however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange
            Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
            Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to
            conduct foreign exchange business.

            Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits are
            made for within three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn
            interest at the deposit rates of the respective periods. The bank balances and pledged deposits are
            deposited with creditworthy banks or financial institutions with no recent history of default.

            Bank balances carry interest at market rates which range from 0.15% to 3.5% per annum (2024:
            0.10% to 3.5% per annum) for the year ended 31 December 2025. The pledged deposits carry an
            interest rate which ranges from 0.15% to 1.5% per annum (2024: 0.2% to 2.05% per annum) for the
            year ended 31 December 2025. The pledged bank deposits will be released upon the settlement of
            relevant bills payables.

            Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged to banks to secure banking facilities granted to the
            Group. Deposits amounting to approximately RMB1,085 million (2024: RMB484 million) have been
            pledged to secure bills payables as at 31 December 2025 and classified as current assets.

            Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are deposits of approximately RMB11,331 million
            (2024: RMB20,565 million) placed with Haier Finance as at 31 December 2025 which is an associate
            of the Group and is a financial institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The interest rate on
            these deposits ranges from 0.0001% to 4.1% per annum (2024: 0.00012% to 4.1% per annum) for the
            year ended 31 December 2025. Further details of the interest income attributable to the deposits
            placed with Haier Finance are set out in Note 13 to consolidated financial statements.

      29. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M
                                                                                                        (Restated)


               Trade payables                                                          53,544              54,666
               Bills payables                                                          23,871              21,220


                                                                                       77,415              75,886
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   271

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




29. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES (continued)
   An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
   invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


     Within 1 year                                                                76,534                 74,993
     1 to 2 years                                                                    400                    523
     2 to 3 years                                                                    237                    135
     Over 3 years                                                                    244                    235


                                                                                  77,415                 75,886


   (a)   The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on credit terms
         ranging from 30 to 270 days.

   (b)   Included in the Group’s trade and bills payables are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of approximately
         RMB1,251 million (2024: RMB1,119 million (restated)) and amounts due to associates of
         approximately RMB1,188 million (2024: RMB1,202 million) as at 31 December 2025. Further
         details of the purchases from these related parties are set out in Note 13 to consolidated
         financial statements.

   (c)   As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bills payable are secured by the pledge of the Group’s
         bank deposits amounting to approximately RMB1,085 million (2024: RMB484 million) (Note 28)
         and the Group’s bills receivables amounting to approximately RMB1,196 million (2024: RMB5,068
         million). As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bills payables are guaranteed by Haier Group,
         amounting to approximately RMB2,741 million (2024: RMB2,182 million). The Group’s bills
         payable are secured by the pledge of the Group’s receivables at FVTOCI amounting to
         approximately RMB163 million (2024: Nil).
272   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      29. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES (continued)
            (d)    The financial liabilities that are part of the Group’s supplier finance arrangements included in trade
                   payables and interest-bearing borrowings, which is disclosed in Note 32 to consolidated financial
                   statements, are normally settled from 30-day to 270-day terms, respectively.

                   The Group has established supplier finance arrangements that are offered to some of the
                   Group’s key suppliers. Participation in the arrangements is at the suppliers’ own discretion.
                   Suppliers that participate in the supplier finance arrangements will receive early payments or
                   payments at the original due dates on invoices sent to the Group from the Group’s external
                   finance provider. If suppliers choose to receive early payments, they pay a fee to the finance
                   provider. In order for the finance provider to pay the invoices, the goods must have been
                   received or supplied and the invoices must have been approved by the Group. Payments to
                   suppliers ahead of or at the invoice due date are processed by the finance provider and, in all
                   cases, the Group settles the original invoice by paying the finance provider in line with the
                   original invoice maturity date or at a later date as agreed with the finance provider. Payment
                   terms with suppliers have not been renegotiated in conjunction with the arrangements. The
                   Group provides no security to the finance provider.

                   All financial liabilities that are part of the supplier finance arrangements are included in trade and
                   bills payables and interest-bearing borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position
                   and within trade payables and the current portion of unsecured bank loans.


                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                          RMB’M                RMB’M


                      Carrying amount of financial liabilities that are part of
                        the supplier finance arrangements included in:

                      Trade and bills payables                                               8,675               8,503
                        Of which suppliers have received payments                            4,518               4,675


                      Carrying amount of financial liabilities that are part of
                        the supplier finance arrangements included in:

                      Interest-bearing borrowings                                              151                  98
                         Of which suppliers have received payments                             151                  98


                   For financial liabilities that are part of the supplier finance arrangements included in trade and
                   bills payables, there were no significant non-cash changes in the carrying amounts of these
                   financial liabilities. For financial liabilities that are part of the supplier finance arrangements
                   included in interest-bearing borrowings, the related non-cash transaction is disclosed in Note
                   39(a) to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   273

                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




30. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


    Other payables and accruals                                                   18,072                 19,685
    Payables for employee benefits                                                 5,618                  5,057
    Other tax payables                                                             2,130                  2,650
    Put option liabilities                                                            —                   2,024
    Refund liabilities:
       Volume rebate                                                               1,361                   1,960
       Sales return                                                                  800                     578
    Deferred income (Note 34)                                                        199                     171
    Interest payable                                                                 109                     140


                                                                                  28,289                 32,265


   Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

   Included in the Group’s other payables and accruals are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of
   approximately RMB306 million (2024: RMB271 million (restated)), amounts due to associates of
   approximately RMB95 million (2024: RMB3 million) as at 31 December 2025. All of these amounts are
   unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

   Included in other payables and accruals, put option liabilities arose from the put options granted to a
   non-controlling interest (“NCI”) shareholders of the Group’s subsidiary, to sell their respective interests
   in Gooday Supply Chain Technologies Co., Ltd. to the Group at price to be determined based on
   initial investment cost plus 5% accrued interest up to the date of the purchase. The carrying amount
   was approximately RMB2,024 million as at 31 December 2024 and the Group redeemed the put option
   liabilities during the year ended 31 December 2025.
274   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      31. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES
            (a)    Contract assets

                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’M              RMB’M


                      Retention for rendering service                                    1,133              1,089
                      Less: Allowance for expected credit loss                            (125)                (91)


                                                                                         1,008                998


                   The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and
                   not billed because the rights are conditioned on the Group’s future performance. The contract
                   assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

                   The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to realise them
                   in its normal operating cycle.

            (b)    Contract liabilities
                   The Group’s sale of products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other
                   value-added customer services contracts include payment schedules which require stage
                   payments over the services period once certain specified milestones are reached. The Group
                   requires certain customers to provide upfront deposits range from 10% to 20% of total contract
                   sum as part of its credit risk management policies.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   275

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




31. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES (continued)
   (b)   Contract liabilities (continued)
         The Group’s contract liabilities are analysed as follows:

                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Sale of goods                                                          8,411                 10,750
          Rendering of services                                                    124                    115


          As at 31 December                                                      8,535                 10,865


         Contract liabilities mainly include short-term advances received from customers for sales of
         products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other value-added customer
         services.

                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Contract liabilities
          As at 1 January                                                       10,865                   7,862
          Less: Revenue recognised during the year                             (10,432)                 (6,649)
          Consideration received from customers over the
            amounts of revenue recognised                                        8,102                   9,652


          As at 31 December                                                      8,535                 10,865
276   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      32. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
            The analysis of the carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                     RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


               Current
               Bank loans — unsecured                                                 21,453            23,599
               Bank loans — secured                                                      263               528


                                                                                      21,716            24,127


               Non-current
               Bank loans — unsecured                                                 10,915             9,557
               Bank loans — secured                                                      251               109
               Notes — unsecured (Note)                                                3,500                —


                                                                                      14,666             9,666


                                                                                      36,382            33,793


               Unsecured                                                              35,868            33,156
               Secured                                                                   514               637


                                                                                      36,382            33,793


               Analysed into:
               Loans repayable:
                 Within one year or on demand                                         21,716            24,127
                 In the second year                                                    1,643             2,274
                 In the third to fifth years, inclusive                               12,439             6,832
                 Over five years                                                         584               560


                                                                                      36,382            33,793


               Effective interest rate
                 Current
                    Bank loans — unsecured                                   0.65% to 7.0%      0.75% to 13.0%
                    Bank loans — secured                                     0.74% to 4.0%        1.1% to 7.6%
                 Non-current
                    Bank loans — unsecured                                    1.5% to 5.3%        1.3% to 5.4%
                    Bank loans — secured                                     1.5% to 3.55%        1.6% to 5.1%
                    Notes — unsecured (Note)                                1.66% to 1.99%                   —
                                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025    277

                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




32. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (continued)
   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings were denominated in the
   following currencies:

                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                 (Restated)


         USD                                                                                  14,459                 13,864
         EUR                                                                                   3,130                  5,292
         RMB                                                                                  16,890                  9,528
         Other currencies                                                                      1,903                  5,109


                                                                                              36,382                 33,793


   Included in the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings are borrowings of approximately RMB3,767 million
   (2024: RMB196 million) from Haier Finance, which is an associate of the Group and is a financial
   institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The interest rate on these loans ranges from 1.8%
   to 4.9% per annum (2024: 4.4% to 4.9% per annum). Further details of the interest expense to these
   related parties are set out in Note 13 to consolidated financial statement.

   The Group’s loans are guaranteed by:

   (i)      Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, to the extent of approximately RMBNil
            million as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB320 million); and

   The Group’s loans are secured by:

   (i)      the pledge of the Group’s buildings and leasehold land with carrying amount of approximately
            RMB32 million as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMBNil million);

   (ii)     the pledge of the Group’s trade and bills receivables with carrying amount of approximately RMB38
            million as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB47 million); and

   (iii)    the pledge of the Group’s other intangible assets with carrying amount of approximately RMB351
            million as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB97 million (restated)).

   Note: In February 2025, the Group issued a RMB1,500 million notes with maturity of 3 years at annual coupon rate of 1.99%. In
         June 2025, the Group issued a RMB2,000 million notes with maturity of 3 years at annual coupon rate of 1.66%.
278   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      33. PROVISIONS
                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


               Product warranties                                                        4,423              4,320
               Legal claim                                                                  65                224
               Others                                                                      640                552


                                                                                         5,128              5,096
               Portion classified as current liabilities                                (2,638)            (2,710)


               Non-current portion                                                       2,490              2,386


            The movements in product warranties are as follows:

                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


               As at 1 January                                                           4,320              3,809
               Additional provision (Note 6)                                             6,594              6,403
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                  —                 202
               Amounts utilised during the year                                         (6,502)            (6,053)
               Exchange realignment                                                         11                 (41)


               As at 31 December                                                         4,423              4,320


            The Group provides installation services and warranties of three to eight years to its customers for
            refrigerators, freezers, kitchen appliances, air solutions, household laundry management solution,
            household water solution and other business under which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The
            amount of the provision for the warranties is estimated based on retail volume and past experience of
            the level of installation services rendered, repairs and returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an
            ongoing basis and revised where appropriate.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   279

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




34. DEFERRED INCOME
   The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    As at 1 January                                                             1,252                   1,260
    Compensation received during the year                                         444                     156
    Credit to profit or loss                                                     (254)                   (164)


    As at 31 December                                                           1,442                   1,252
    Less: Current portion included in other payables and
            accruals (Note 30)                                                    (199)                  (171)


    Non-current portion                                                         1,243                   1,081


   Government grants mainly include subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group which
   operates in the Mainland China in accordance with the subsidy policies of local government authorities.
   Subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group is recognised in the consolidated statement of
   profit or loss and other comprehensive income when received and no specific conditions are required.
280   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      35. DEFERRED TAX
            The movements in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities during the years ended 31 December
            2025 and 2024 are as follows:

            Deferred tax assets

                                                                                Lease                                 Research and
                                                       Provision for    liabilities and   Unrealised                  development
                                                        impairment           payables        profits    Tax losses           costs    Others     Total
                                                            RMB’M             RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2024                             483              2,736          708           232            1,171      323      5,653
               Deferred tax credited to the
                  statement of profit or loss during
                  the year, net                                  89                118          164            20              344       56       791
               Deferred tax charged to the
                  statement of other
                  comprehensive income during
                  the year                                       —                  —             —             —               —        (16)      (16)
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                       72                187            —             —               —       290       549
               Exchange realignment                              (42)              (25)          15             (4)              9       (32)      (79)


               As at 31 December 2024 and
                  1 January 2025                                602              3,016          887           248            1,524      621      6,898
               Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
                  the statement of profit or loss
                  during the year, net                           46                462          (120)         223             (626)      (13)      (28)
               Deferred tax charged to the
                  statement of other
                  comprehensive income during
                  the year                                       —                  —             —             —               —       101       101
               Exchange realignment                              52                 50            (3)           (2)            (23)     (134)      (60)


               As at 31 December 2025                           700              3,528          764           469              875      575      6,911
                                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025          281

                                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




35. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
   Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                          Remeasurement
                                                                           of fair value of
                                                         Right of use       the remaining     Change in fair
                                                               assets,       equity on the    value of other
                                       Withholding   depreciation and      date of loss of equity instrument
                                             taxes       amortisation               control       investment              Others           Total
                                           RMB’M               RMB’M                RMB’M             RMB’M               RMB’M           RMB’M


    As at 1 January 2024 (restated)            94               4,160                 374               306                  401            5,335
    Deferred tax charged/(credited)
       to the statement of profit or
       loss during the year, net                —                  27                  —                  —                 (106)             (79)
    Deferred tax charged to the
       statement of other
       comprehensive income
       during the year                          —                   —                  —                  (5)                 (52)            (57)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —                 671                  —                  —                  116             787
    Exchange realignment                        —                  (35)                —                   1                   16             (18)


    As at 31 December 2024 and
       1 January 2025 (restated)               94               4,823                 374               302                  375            5,968
    Deferred tax (credited)/charged
       to the statement of profit or
       loss during the year, net                —                (184)                 —                  —                   40             (144)
    Deferred tax charged to the
       statement of other
       comprehensive income
       during the year                          —                   —                  —                  (1)                (14)             (15)
    Exchange realignment                        —                  59                  —                  —                 (105)             (46)


    As at 31 December 2025                     94               4,698                 374               301                  296            5,763


   For presentation purpose, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the
   consolidated statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balance of
   the Group for financial reporting purpose:

                                                                                                            2025                          2024
                                                                                                          RMB’M                        RMB’M
                                                                                                                                     (Restated)


    Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                                                           2,779                    2,477
    Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                                                           (1,631)                 (1,547)


    Net deferred tax assets                                                                                     1,148                      930
282   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      36. SHARE CAPITAL
            The movements of the Company’s issued share capital during the years ended 31 December 2025
            and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                    number of                 Share
                                                              H Shares      D Shares       A Shares    shares                capital
                                                                    ’M            ’M             ’M        ’M                RMB’M


                  As at 1 January 2024                             2,858           271           6,309           9,438          9,438
                  Share repurchased and cancelled
                    (Note a)                                          (1)            —               —               (1)             (1)
                  Treasury shares cancelled
                    (Note b)                                          —              —              (54)            (54)           (54)


                  As at 31 December 2024 and
                    1 January 2025                                 2,857           271           6,255           9,383          9,383
                  Share repurchased and cancelled
                    (Note c)                                          (3)            —               —               (3)             (3)
                  Treasury shares cancelled (Note d)                  —              —               (2)             (2)             (2)


                  As at 31 December 2025                           2,854           271           6,253           9,378          9,378

            Notes:


            (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company repurchased a total of 1,150,000 H shares at a consideration of
                     approximately HKD27 million which were subsequently cancelled.

            (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company cancelled a total of 54,051,559 treasury shares in A Shares, the
                     Company recognised a decrease of RMB54 million in share capital.


            (c)      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company repurchased a total of 3,811,000 H shares at a consideration of
                     approximately HKD100 million which were subsequently cancelled.


            (d)      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company cancelled a total of 1,472,684 treasury shares in A Shares, the
                     Company recognised a decrease of RMB2 million in share capital.


            (e)      All shares issued are at par value of RMB1.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   283

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS
   The Company adopted the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025), the H
   Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025) and the H Share Restricted Share
   Unit Scheme (RSU) at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2021.

   It is expected that relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside within Mainland China will mainly
   be covered by the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, while relevant employees of the Group
   ordinarily reside outside Mainland China will mainly be covered by the RSU Scheme.

   The A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme are designed to provide incentive to middle and
   senior management and core employees with the Company’s two to three-year profit target, and
   business unit and individual performance target as the main appraisal benchmarks. There is no
   consideration to be paid by the participants for the shares awarded under the A Share and H Share
   ESOPs and RSU Scheme, which aligns with the purpose of the share aware scheme to attract and
   retain the services of directors and employees.

   The ESOP for each year shall be independent of each other, but the total number of shares held by
   each established and existing ESOP (including A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP) shall not exceed
   10% of the total share capital of the Company, and the total number of shares corresponding to a
   single employee’s share in the existing ESOPs shall not exceed 1% of the total amount of the
   Company’s share capital.

   (a)   A and H Share ESOP
         A Share ESOP
         Particulars and movements of A Share ESOP during the year ended 31 December 2025 and
         2024 were as follows:


                                                         2025                             2024
                                               Weighted                         Weighted
                                                 average                          average
                                              grant date     Number of         grant date      Number of
                                               fair value     awarded           fair value      awarded
                                               per share        shares          per share         shares
                                                    RMB                              RMB


          At 1 January                               26.4     48,456,025              23.6       45,649,609
          Grant during the year                      24.7     31,481,400              27.5       31,266,608
          Vested during the year                     25.8    (16,142,480)             23.4      (19,122,687)
          Cancelled during the year                  24.5     (8,250,261)             22.6        (9,337,505)


          Outstanding as at
           31 December                               25.9    55,544,684               26.4       48,456,025
284   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a)    A and H Share ESOP (continued)
                   A Share ESOP (continued)
                   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company granted A Share ESOP on 20 June
                   2025 (2024: 12 July 2024) with an estimated fair value of RMB776 million (2024: RMB860
                   million).

                   The fair value of the A Share ESOP was calculated based on the market closing price of the
                   Company’s shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have
                   been taken into account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.

                   H Share ESOP
                   Particulars and movements of H Share ESOP during the year ended 31 December 2025 and
                   2024 were as follows:


                                                                 2025                         2024
                                                       Weighted                     Weighted
                                                         average                      average
                                                      grant date     Number of     grant date      Number of
                                                       fair value     awarded       fair value      awarded
                                                       per share        shares      per share         shares
                                                            RMB                          RMB


                      At 1 January                          23.3     5,375,407          21.5      5,248,484
                      Grant during the year                 21.2     3,018,400          23.8      3,035,400
                      Vested during the year                23.1    (1,362,251)         21.0     (2,091,280)
                      Cancelled during the year             22.7    (1,312,771)         19.7       (817,197)


                      Outstanding as at
                       31 December                          22.3     5,718,785          23.3      5,375,407
                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   285

                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (a)   A and H Share ESOP (continued)
         H Share ESOP (continued)
         During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company granted H Share ESOP on 2 July 2025
         (2024: 26 July 2024) with an estimated fair value of RMB64 million (2024: RMB72 million).

         The Group recognised a total expense of RMB868 million (2024: RMB674 million) for the year
         ended 31 December 2025 in relation to A and H Share ESOP granted by the Company. During
         the year ended 31 December 2025, participants failed to meet the performance target or
         forfeited of share award granted prior to completion of vesting period of certain of its
         outstanding A and H ESOP, the impact of the revision for RMB223 million (2024: RMB228
         million) is adjusted in profit or loss.

         The fair value of the H Share ESOP was calculated based on the market closing price of the
         Company’s shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have
         been taken into account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.

   (b)   H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme
         Particulars and movements of H Share RSU during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
         were as follows:


                                                      2025                             2024
                                            Weighted                         Weighted
                                              average                          average
                                           grant date     Number of         grant date      Number of
                                            fair value     awarded           fair value      awarded
                                            per share        shares          per share         shares
                                                 RMB                              RMB


          At 1 January                            23.0    13,633,951              21.7       14,085,549
          Grant during the year                   20.8     7,462,016              25.4         4,689,425
          Vested during the year                  22.5    (1,526,297)             21.6        (2,277,933)
          Cancelled during the year               22.2    (2,733,765)             21.6          (951,230)
          Lapsed during the year                  22.6    (1,314,662)             22.1        (1,911,860)


          Outstanding as at
           31 December                            22.1    15,521,243              23.0       13,633,951
286   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (b)    H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (continued)
                   During the year ended 31 December 2025, H Share RSU were granted on 20 June 2025 and 14
                   November 2025. The estimated fair values of the H Share RSU granted on those dates are
                   RMB152 million and RMB3 million respectively.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2024, H Share RSU were granted on 24 June 2024 and
                   22 November 2024. The estimated fair values of the H Share RSU granted on those dates are
                   RMB109 million and RMB11 million respectively.

                   The Group recognised a total expense of RMB25 million (2024: RMB22 million) for the year
                   ended 31 December 2025 in relation to H Share RSU granted by the Company. During the year
                   ended 31 December 2025, participants failed to meet the performance target or forfeited of
                   share award granted prior to completion of vesting period of certain of its outstanding H Share
                   RSU, the impact of the revision for RMB15 million (2024: RMB38 million) is adjusted in profit or
                   loss.

                   The fair value of the H Share RSU was calculated based on the market closing price of the
                   Company’s shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have
                   been taken into account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.

            (c)    A-Share Option Scheme
                   The total number shares of the Company to be granted under the A Share Option Incentive
                   schemes within the validity period to any participants will not exceed 1% of the total number of
                   shares of the Company. The total underlying shares of the Company involved under fully effective
                   share option incentive schemes shall not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the
                   Company.

                   2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
                   The Company adopted a 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2022 A Share Option
                   Incentive Scheme”) at the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2022.

                   The share options granted in 2022 will be valid for a maximum period of 60 months
                   commencing from the grant date to the date of full exercise or cancellation of all share options
                   granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant date of share
                   options granted under the 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, and subject to the
                   satisfaction of the exercise conditions, the participants may exercise the options in four yearly
                   phases of 25% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share options is from the
                   date of grant until the respective vesting dates.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   287

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (c)   A-Share Option Scheme (continued)
         2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (continued)
         Particulars and movements of share options during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
         were as follows:


                                                         2025                               2024
                                                Weighted                          Weighted
                                                 average                           average
                                                 exercise                          exercise
                                                    price    Number of                 price     Number of
                                                per share      options            per share        options
                                                     RMB                              RMB


          At 1 January                                24.3     66,871,856               24.3      106,048,020
          Cancelled during the year                   24.3    (31,956,994)              24.3       (33,435,928)
          Lapsed during the year                      24.6     (2,957,868)              24.5         (5,740,236)


          Outstanding as at
           31 December                                24.3     31,956,994               24.3       66,871,856


         The weighted average remaining contract life for outstanding share options was 1.6 years in
         2025 (2024: 2 years).

         The Group recognises the fair value of share options as an expense in the income statement
         over the vesting period, or as an asset, if the cost qualifies for recognition as an asset. The fair
         value of the share options is measured at the date of grant. The Group recognised a total
         expense of RMB95 million (2024: RMB195 million) for the year ended 31 December 2025 in
         relation to share options granted by the Company. During the year ended 31 December 2025,
         participants failed to meet the performance target or forfeited of share options granted prior to
         completion of vesting period of certain of its outstanding option, the impact of the revision for
         RMB260 million (2024: RMB251 million) is adjusted in profit or loss.
288   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      38. RESERVES
            Reserves
            The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the years ended 31 December
            2025 and 2024 are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of the consolidated
            financial statements.

            (i)     According to the relevant rules and regulations in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”),
                    subsidiaries of the Company established in the PRC are required to transfer 10% of their net
                    profit, as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and regulations, to the
                    reserve fund until the balance of the reserve reaches 50% of their respective registered capital.
                    The transfer to this reserve must be made before distribution of dividends to owners of these
                    subsidiaries. Reserve fund can be used to set off previous years’ losses, if any, and may be
                    converted into capital in proportion to existing equity owners’ equity percentage, provided that
                    the balance after such issuance is not less than 25% of their registered capital.

            (ii)    Exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve comprises all foreign exchange
                    differences arising from the translation of the financial statement of operations.

            (iii)   The cash flow hedge reserve represent the cumulative amount of gains and losses on hedging
                    instruments deemed effective in cash flow hedges. The cumulative deferred gain or loss on the
                    hedging instrument is recognised in profit or loss only when the hedged transaction impacts the
                    profit or loss, or is included directly in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged
                    non-financial items (basis adjustment).

            (iv)    Fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investments
                    designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) under IFRS 9 that are
                    held at the end of the reporting period.

            (v)     Treasury shares reserve comprises the value of those ordinary shares repurchased and cancelled.
                    At 31 December 2025, the Company had outstanding treasury shares of 179,420,090 (31
                    December 2024: 149,470,502) shares.
                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   289

                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




39. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (a)   Major non-cash transactions
         (i)       During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-
                   use assets of approximately RMB2,043 million (2024: RMB2,471 million) and lease liabilities
                   of approximately RMB2,043 million (2024: RMB2,471 million), in respect of lease
                   arrangements for land and building, machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture,
                   fixtures and equipment.

         (ii)      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group reclassified trade payables of
                   approximately RMB180 million (2024: RMB148 million) to interest-bearing borrowings in
                   respect of the supplier finance arrangements.

   (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                Other payables
                                                                and accruals in
                                                                     relation to
                                                                      financing     Interest bearing
                                                                       activities        borrowings     Lease liabilities
                                                                         RMB’M               RMB’M              RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2024 (restated)                             2,170              29,415               4,787
               Changes from financing cash flows                          (9,982)              4,080              (1,709)
               Foreign exchange movement                                       5                 226                  (43)
               New leases                                                     —                   —                2,471
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                    —                   —                  393
               Liabilities under supplier finance arrangement
                  transferred from trade and bills payables                   —                 148                   —
               Early termination                                              —                  —                  (289)
               Interest payable                                            2,484                 —                   223
               Others changes                                                 47                 (76)                 —
               Dividends payable to shareholders                           7,444                  —                   —
               Dividends payable to non-controlling interests                108                  —                   —


               As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025
                  (restated)                                               2,276              33,793               5,833
               Changes from financing cash flows                         (15,975)              2,060              (1,801)
               Foreign exchange movement                                      40                 397                  27
               New leases                                                     —                   —                2,043
               Liabilities under supplier finance arrangement
                  transferred from trade and bills payables                   —                 180                   —
               Early termination                                              —                  —                  (287)
               Interest payable                                            2,220                 —                   367
               Others changes                                                131                 (48)                 —
               Dividends payable to shareholders                          11,483                  —                   —
               Dividends payable to non-controlling interests                 86                  —                   —


               As at 31 December 2025                                        261              36,382               6,182
290   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      40. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
            concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
            balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the interest-bearing borrowings
            and lease liabilities disclosed in Notes 32 and 16(b) respectively, net assets of the Group, comprising
            issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

            The Group has established supplier finance arrangements to manage its working capital, details of
            which are included in Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

            The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                             (Restated)


                  Debt (i)                                                                   42,564             39,626
                  Equity (ii)                                                               125,977            118,802


                  Net debt to equity ratio                                                   33.8%               33.4%


            (i)       Debt is defined as long and short-term interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities as detailed
                      in Notes 32 and 16(b).

            (ii)      Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group.
                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   291

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments are as follows:

   Financial assets
   31 December 2025

                                                                                       Financial
                                                                                          assets
                                       Financial     Financial        Derivative    measured at
                                       Assets at     assets at    designated as       amortised
                                          FVTPL       FVTOCI            hedges              cost           Total
                                         RMB’M         RMB’M            RMB’M            RMB’M            RMB’M

    Equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI                                 —         5,405                 —               —             5,405
    Trade and bills receivables               —            —                  —           33,548           33,548
    Receivables at FVTOCI                     —         1,788                 —               —             1,788
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables          —             —                 —            3,598            3,598
    Financial assets measured at
       FVTPL                               2,034            —                 —               —             2,034
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                         —             —                —            26,507           26,507
    Derivative financial instruments          —             —                81               —                81
    Pledged deposits                          —             —                —             1,218            1,218
    Other deposits with limited use           —             —                —               136              136
    Cash and cash equivalents                 —             —                —            46,268           46,268

                                           2,034        7,193                81          111,275          120,583


   31 December 2024 (Restated)

                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                          assets
                                        Financial     Financial        Derivative    measured at
                                       Assets at      assets at    designated as       amortised
                                          FVTPL        FVTOCI            hedges             cost             Total
                                         RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M

    Equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI                                 —         6,074                 —               —             6,074
    Trade and bills receivables               —            —                  —           38,675           38,675
    Receivables at FVTOCI                     —           413                 —               —               413
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables          —             —                 —            3,926            3,926
    Financial assets measured at
       FVTPL                               1,236            —                 —               —             1,236
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                         —             —                —            17,630           17,630
    Derivative financial instruments          —             —               143               —               143
    Pledged deposits                          —             —                —               533              533
    Other deposits with limited use           —             —                —                70               70
    Cash and cash equivalents                 —             —                —            54,995           54,995

                                           1,236        6,487               143          115,829          123,695
292   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      41. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
            Financial liabilities
            31 December 2025


                                                                                     Financial
                                                                                     liabilities
                                                                    Derivative    measured at
                                                                   designated       amortised
                                                                   as hedges               cost      Total
                                                                      RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                                     —            77,415      77,415
               Financial liabilities included other payables
                  and accruals                                              —            23,799      23,799
               Derivative financial instruments                            191               —          191
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                  —            36,382      36,382
               Other non-current liabilities                                —               248         248
               Lease liabilities                                            —             6,182       6,182


                                                                           191         144,026      144,217


            31 December 2024 (Restated)


                                                                                      Financial
                                                                                      liabilities
                                                                     Derivative    measured at
                                                                    designated       amortised
                                                                    as hedges              cost       Total
                                                                       RMB’M            RMB’M       RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                                     —            75,886      75,886
               Financial liabilities included other payables and
                  accruals                                                  —            26,906      26,906
               Derivative financial instruments                             71               —           71
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                  —            33,793      33,793
               Other non-current liabilities                                —               285         285
               Lease liabilities                                            —             5,833       5,833


                                                                            71         142,703      142,774
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   293

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




42. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
   The Group’s management is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
   measurement of financial instruments. As at each reporting date, management analyses the
   movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the
   valuation. The valuation process and results are discussed with the those charged with governance
   twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

   Fair values are categorised into different fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
   techniques as follows:

   •    Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
        for identical assets or liabilities

   •    Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included
        within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or
        indirectly (i.e. derived from prices)

   •    Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques for which the lowest
        level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable (significant
        unobservable input).

   The management estimates that the amount of financial instruments carried at amortised cost
   approximates its fair value.

   The management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits,
   other deposits with limited use, certain other financial assets measured at amortised cost, trade and
   bills receivables, other receivables, trade and bills payables and other payables approximate to their
   carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.
294   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      42. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
            could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or
            liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

            The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at FVTOCI have been estimated using a
            market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by observable market
            prices or rates. The valuation requires management to determine comparable public companies (peers)
            based on industry and place of business, and to calculate an appropriate price multiple, such as price
            to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, and EV/Sales multiple for each comparable company identified. The
            multiple is calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings
            measure. The trading multiple is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size
            differences between the comparable companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances.
            The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity
            investments to measure the fair value. Management believes that the estimated fair values resulting
            from the valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position,
            and the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are
            reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period. The fair
            values of the remaining unlisted equity investments designated at FVTOCI are determined with
            reference to their respective latest available transaction prices.

            The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent equity investments designated at FVTOCI
            and wealth management products included in financial assets measured at FVTPL issued by banks in
            Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a
            discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar
            terms and risks.

            The fair value of Receivable at FVTOCI have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash
            flow using rate currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
            maturities.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   295

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




42. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   The fair values of interest-bearing borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future
   cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
   maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing borrowings was assessed to be
   insignificant. The carrying amount of the financial instrument reasonably approximate to fair value.

   Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs (level 3 inputs of fair value measurement) to the
   valuation of financial instruments together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December
   2025 and 2024.

   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
   instruments:

   Assets measured at fair value
   31 December 2025


                                                  Level 1         Level 2           Level 3            Total
                                                  RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M             RMB’M


    Equity investments designated at
      FVTOCI                                           22               —             5,383              5,405
    Receivables at FVTOCI                              —            1,788                —               1,788
    Financial assets measured at FVTPL                448           1,486               100              2,034
    Derivative financial instruments                   —               81                —                  81


                                                      470           3,355             5,483              9,308


   31 December 2024 (Restated)


                                                  Level 1         Level 2           Level 3              Total
                                                  RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M              RMB’M


    Equity investments designated at
      FVTOCI                                           26               —             6,048              6,074
    Receivables at FVTOCI                              —              413                —                 413
    Financial assets measured at FVTPL                382             746               108              1,236
    Derivative financial instruments                   —              143                —                 143


                                                      408           1,302             6,156              7,866
296   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      42. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Liabilities measured at fair value
            31 December 2025


                                                                                        Level 1                    Level 2                 Level 3                       Total
                                                                                        RMB’M                      RMB’M                   RMB’M                        RMB’M


               Derivative financial instruments                                                  —                    191                             —                        191


            31 December 2024


                                                                                         Level 1                   Level 2                  Level 3                        Total
                                                                                         RMB’M                     RMB’M                    RMB’M                        RMB’M


               Derivative financial instruments                                                  —                       71                           —                           71


                                                                                                                     Significant
                                       Fair value as   Fair value as   Fair value   Valuation                        unobservable
              Financial assets         at 31/12/2025   at 31/12/2024   hierarchy    technique    Range               input(s)         Sensitivity of fair value


              Equity Investment        RMB1,128        RMB1,674        Level 3      Market       2025: 45.30–46.22   Average P/E      1% increase (decrease) in average P/E multiple of
                designated at FVTOCI     million         million                      approach   2024: 43.59–44.47     multiple of      the comparable companies would result in
                — Sinopec Marketing                                                                                    peers            increase (decrease) in fair value by
                Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               2025: RMB11.2 million (RMB11.2 million)
                                                                                                                                        2024: RMB16.8 million (RMB16.8 million)

                                                                                                 2025: 26%–28%       Discount for     1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability
                                                                                                 2024: 25%–27%          lack of         would result in decrease (increase) in fair value
                                                                                                                        marketability   by 2025: RMB15.4 million (RMB15.4 million)
                                                                                                                                        2024: RMB22.5 million (RMB22.5 million)

              Equity Investment       RMB2,789         RMB2,786        Level 3      Market       2025: 3.23–3.29     EV/Sales         1% increase (decrease) in EV/Sales multiple of the
                designated at FVTOCI — million           million                      approach   2024: 3.51–3.59       of multiple      comparable companies would result in increase
                COSMO                                                                                                  peers            (decrease) in fair value by
                                                                                                                                        2025: RMB24.9 million (RMB24.9 million)
                                                                                                                                        2024: RMB22.1 million (RMB22.1 million)

                                                                                                 2025: 30%–32%       Discount for     1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability
                                                                                                 2024: 32%–34%          lack of         would result in decrease (increase) in fair value
                                                                                                                        marketability   by 2025: RMB35.4 million (RMB35.4 million)
                                                                                                                                        2024: RMB32.9 million (RMB32.9 million)
                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   297

                                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




42. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
                                                                   Fair value as at
   Financial assets/                          Fair value as at     31/12/2024              Value
   Financial liabilities                      31/12/2025           (restated)              hierarchy      Valuation technique


   Receivables at FVTOCI                      Assets —             Assets —                Level 2        Discounted cash flow
                                                RMB1,788 million      RMB413 million

   Financial assets measured at FVTPL         Assets —             Assets —                Level 2        Discounted cash flow
      — Wealth management products              RMB1,486 million      RMB746 million

   Derivative financial Instruments           Assets —             Assets —                Level 2        Discounted cash flow
      — Foreign currency forward                RMB81 million         RMB139 million
      contracts
                                              Liabilities —        Liabilities —
                                                 RMB191 million       RMB71 million

   Derivative financial Instruments — Cross   N/A                  Assets —                Level 2        Discounted cash flow
      currency interest rate swap                                     RMB4 million
      contracts



   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                           Equity
                                                                                     investments          Financial
                                                                                      designated          assets at
                                                                                         FVTOCI              FVTPL                Total
                                                                                          RMB’M             RMB’M                RMB’M


    At 1 January 2024 (restated)                                                           6,452                     96           6,548
    Total gains or losses:
    — in profit or loss                                                                         —                    13              13
    — in other comprehensive income                                                          (275)                   —             (275)
    Additions                                                                                  11                    —               11
    Disposal                                                                                 (140)                    (1)          (141)


    At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 (restated)                                      6,048                   108            6,156
    Total gains or losses:
    — in other comprehensive income                                                         (658)                     7            (651)
    Additions                                                                                 54                      —              54
    Disposal                                                                                 (61)                   (15)            (76)


    At 31 December 2025                                                                    5,383                   100            5,483


   There were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 and transfers into or out of level 3 during the years
   ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
298   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
            The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade and bills receivables and
            trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.

            The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and
            liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and
            they are summarised below.

            Foreign currency risk
            The Group has transactional currency exposures. These exposures mainly arise from sales or
            purchases and borrowings by the Group’s other than the units’ functional currencies.

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary
            liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                               Monetary Assets              Monetary Liabilities
                                                               31 Dec     31 Dec             31 Dec      31 Dec
                                                                 2025       2024               2025          2024
                                                               RMB’M      RMB’M             RMB’M        RMB’M


               USD                                              25,604         26,422         28,296         29,756
               Japanese yen                                        463            394            219            301
               HKD                                                 515            500            632          2,343
               EUR                                               6,600          6,088          8,573         11,307
               Other                                             9,490          8,261          6,725          7,231


            The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
            possible change in USD, EUR and JPY exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the
            Group’s post-tax profit (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities). There is no
            significant impact on other components of the Group’s equity.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   299

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
   Foreign currency risk (continued)

                                                              2025                       2024 (restated)
                                                    Increase/      Increase/         Increase/       Increase/
                                                 (decrease) in (decrease) in     (decrease) in (decrease) in
                                                    exchange profit before          exchange      profit before
                                                        rates            tax             rates              tax
                                                            %        RMB’M                  %           RMB’M


    If RMB strengthens against USD                           5            128                 5              159
    If RMB weakens against USD                              (5)          (128)               (5)            (159)
    If RMB strengthens against JPY                           5            (12)                5               (4)
    If RMB weakens against JPY                              (5)            12                (5)               4
    If RMB strengthens against the EUR                       5             94                 5              249
    If RMB weakens against the EUR                          (5)           (94)               (5)            (249)


   Credit risk
   The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and bills receivables,
   receivables at FVTOCI, other deposits with limited use, and financial assets included in deposits and
   other receivables and other financial assets represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in
   relation to financial assets. Substantially all of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and pledged
   deposits are held in major financial institutions, which management believes are of high credit quality
   and all classified as low credit risk from the management’s assessment as at 31 December 2025 and
   2024, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without
   undue cost or effort. The Group has policies to control the size of the deposits to be placed with
   various reputable financial institutions according to their market reputation, operating scale and
   financial background with a view to limiting the amount of credit exposure to any single financial
   institution.

   The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and Haier Affiliates. It is the
   Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification
   procedures. In addition, trade receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s
   exposure to bad debts is not significant. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/
   counterparty. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer
   bases of the Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors.

   The credit risk of the Group’s trade and bills receivables arises from default of the counterparty, with a
   maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts and the Group applies the simplified approach in
   calculating ECLs of its trade and bills receivables.

   For bills receivables and receivables at FVTOCI, the Group considers the credit risk is limited because
   counterparties are with good credit standing and are highly likely to be paid, and the ECL are
   considered as insignificant.
300   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Credit risk (continued)
            For deposits and other receivables, the ECL are estimated by applying a general approach with
            reference to the historical loss record of the Group and is adjusted to reflect the current conditions
            and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. The average loss rate applied as at the
            31 December 2025 was 3.22% (2024: 3.3% (restated)). The credit quality of the financial assets
            included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables is considered to be normal because they are
            not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase
            in credit risk.

            Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade and bills
            receivables disclosed in Note 25 to consolidated financial statements.

            Interest rate risk
            The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to time deposit, pledged bank deposits,
            fixed-rate bank borrowings and lease liabilities. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate
            risk in relation to variable-rate bank borrowings. The Group cash flow interest rate risk is mainly
            concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances and borrowings. The Group aims at
            keeping borrowings at variable rates. The Group manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the
            potential impact arising from any interest rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The
            management will review the proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are
            within reasonable range.

            The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period
            are as follows:


                                                                 2025     % of total         2024       % of total
                                                               RMB’M          loans         RMB’M           loans

               Variable rate borrowings                         25,468          70%          30,976           92%
               Fixed rate borrowings                            10,914          30%           2,817            8%

                                                                36,382         100%          33,793          100%


            Sensitivity analysis
            The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the
            end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at
            the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. The management assessed that if
            the interest rate increases/decreases by 1% (2024: 1%) (reasonably possible change), then the post-
            tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 would decrease/increase by RMB273 million (2024:
            RMB253 million (restated)). Bank balances are excluded from sensitivity analysis as the management
            considers that the exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising from bank balances is insignificant.
                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   301

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
   Liquidity risk
   In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
   equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
   effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank
   borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

   The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2025, the
   Group has available unutilised overdraft and short-term bank loan facilities of RMB1,604 million (2024:
   RMB1,415 million) in total. Details of which are set out in Note 32. Due to the Group’s supplier finance
   arrangements, the relevant trade payables are due to a single counterparty rather than individual
   suppliers. This results in the Group being required to settle a significant amount with a single
   counterparty, rather than less significant amounts with a number of suppliers. However, the Group’s
   payment terms for trade payables covered by the arrangements are either identical to the payment
   terms for other trade payables. Management does not consider the supplier finance arrangements to
   result in excessive concentrations of liquidity risk given the payment terms are not significantly
   extended.

   The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and
   derivative instruments. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
   financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Specifically,
   bank loans with a repayment on demand clause are included in the earliest time band regardless of the
   probability of the banks choosing to exercise their rights. The maturity dates for other non-derivative
   financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

   31 December 2025


                                          On demand                               Total
                                            or within             Over    undiscounted               Carrying
                                            one year          one year      cash flows                amount
                                              RMB’M            RMB’M            RMB’M                 RMB’M


    Trade and bills payables                    77,415                —             77,415              77,415
    Other payables and accruals                 23,799                —             23,799              23,799
    Interest-bearing borrowings                 22,634           15,590             38,224              36,382
    Derivative financial instruments               191               —                 191                 191
    Other non-current liabilities                   —               248                248                 248
    Lease liabilities                            1,951            5,764              7,715               6,182


                                               125,990           21,602           147,592             144,217
302   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Liquidity risk (continued)
            31 December 2024 (Restated)


                                                      On demand                              Total
                                                        or within           Over     undiscounted          Carrying
                                                        one year        one year       cash flows          amount
                                                          RMB’M          RMB’M             RMB’M            RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                   75,886               —           75,886           75,886
               Other payables and accruals                26,906               —           26,906           26,906
               Interest-bearing borrowings                24,961          10,267           35,228           33,793
               Derivative financial instruments               71              —                71               71
               Other non-current liabilities                  —              285              285              285
               Lease liabilities                           1,537           5,607            7,144            5,833


                                                         129,361          16,159          145,520          142,774


            Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety
            At 31 December 2025, the Group endorsed certain bills receivables accepted by banks in Mainland
            China (the “Derecognised Bills”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables due to
            such suppliers with a carrying amount in aggregate of RMB9,969 million (2024: RMB243 million). The
            Derecognised Bills had a maturity of within one year at the end of the reporting period. In accordance
            with the applicable laws in the PRC, the holders of the Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse
            against the Group if the PRC banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”). In the opinion of the
            directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the Derecognised
            Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Bills and the
            associated trade payables. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in
            the Derecognised Bills and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is
            equal to their carrying amounts.

            As at 31 December 2025, the Group transferred accounts receivable of RMB6,343 million (2024:
            RMB6,095 million) to obtain funds related to non-recourse factoring or asset securitization. The Group
            determines that it has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of such accounts
            receivable, and therefore derecognises such accounts receivable.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   303

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
   The Group sponsors a funded defined benefit plan for qualifying employees of its subsidiaries in the
   United States and Europe. The defined benefit plan is administered by a separate fund that is legally
   separated from the entity. The board of the pension fund is composed of an equal number of
   representatives from both employers and (former) employees. The board of the pension fund is
   required by law and by its articles of association to act in the interest of the fund and of all relevant
   stakeholders in the scheme, i.e. active employees, inactive employees, retirees, employers. The board
   of the pension fund is responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets of the fund.

   The defined benefit plan requires contributions from employees. Contributions are in the following two
   forms; one is based on the number of years of service and the other one is based on a fixed
   percentage of salary of the employees. Employees can also make discretionary contributions to the
   plan.

   The plans expose the Group to actuarial risks such as investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk
   and salary risk.

   Investment risk         The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a
                           discount rate determined by reference to high quality corporate bond yields; if
                           the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit.
                           Currently the plan has a relatively balanced investment in equity securities,
                           debt instruments and real estates. Due to the long-term nature of the plan
                           liabilities, the board of the pension fund considers it appropriate that a
                           reasonable portion of the plan assets should be invested in equity securities
                           and in real estate to leverage the return generated by the fund.

   Interest rate risk      A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however,
                           this will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the plan’s debt
                           investments.

   Longevity risk          The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference
                           to the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants both during and after
                           their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants
                           will increase the plan’s liability.

   Salary risk             The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference
                           to the future salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of
                           the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
304   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
                                                                           2025                                         2024
                                                                            Non-                                         Non-
                                                         Current          current        Total          Current        current       Total
                                                         RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M


               Defined pension benefit
                 (Note (a))                                      28          1,588        1,616             37             1,766    1,803
               Termination benefits                              —             581          581             —                542      542
               Provision for work-related
                 injury compensation                             —                115        115            —               154       154
               Other                                             —                160        160            —               100       100


               Total                                             28          2,444        2,472             37             2,562    2,599

            Note:


            (a)     Defined pension benefit


                    The Group’s major defined benefit plans are in United States and Europe. The plans are either contributory final salary
                    pension plans or contributory career average pay plans or non-contributory guaranteed return defined contribution plans.


                    Summary of the net liabilities of the defined pension obligations are as follows:


                                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


                       Haier U.S. Appliances Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan                                    34                138
                       CCR pension plans                                                                          1,293              1,373


                       Total net liabilities of the defined pension obligations
                          in United States and Europe                                                             1,327              1,511
                       Others                                                                                       289                292


                                                                                                                  1,616              1,803


                    The summary net liabilities of the defined pension obligations at United States and Europe are as follows:


                                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


                       Presents value of defined benefit obligation                                               1,382              1,562
                       Fair value of plan assets                                                                    (55)                (51)


                                                                                                                  1,327              1,511
                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   305

                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   The major amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the movements
   in the net defined pension benefit over the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

   (1)   Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post-retirement plan

                                                                                       2025                 2024


           Discount rates                                                            5.45%                 5.51%


         Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended
         31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                     2025                 2024
                                                                                   RMB’M                 RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                              138                   166
           Interest cost                                                                  6                      7
           Actuarial gain                                                                —                     (18)
           Exchange realignment                                                          (1)                     2
           Benefits paid                                                                (18)                   (19)
           Others                                                                       (91)                    —


           As at 31 December                                                             34                   138


         The net liability of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                     2025                 2024
                                                                                   RMB’M                 RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                              138                   166
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit
             or loss                                                                       6                     7
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other
             comprehensive income                                                        —                     (18)
           Other reconciling items                                                     (110)                   (17)


           As at 31 December                                                             34                   138
306   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (1)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan (continued)
                   The most recent actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligation were
                   carried out at 31 December 2025. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the
                   related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using the Projected Unit Credit
                   Cost Method.

                   Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
                   rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
                   of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
                   assumptions constant.

                   •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                          5.5% or increase by 6.4% (2024: decrease by 5.1% or increase by 5.8%).

                   Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
                   obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting
                   period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability
                   recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   307

                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (2)   CCR pension plans

                                                                              2025                   2024


          Discount rates                                                    4.20%                   3.30%


         Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended
         31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


          As at 1 January                                                    1,424                       —
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                                           —                    1,438
          Current service cost                                                   16                      2
          Interest cost                                                          52                     12
          Actuarial gains                                                      (141)                    —
          Benefits paid                                                        (121)                    (10)
          Exchange realignment                                                  118                     (18)


          As at 31 December                                                  1,348                   1,424


         Movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the year ended 31 December 2025 and
         2024 were as follows:

                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


          As at 1 January
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                                            51                     53
          Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in
            net interest income and interest expense)                             (2)                    (1)
          Contributions from the employer                                         —                       1
          Exchange realignment                                                     6                     (2)


          As at 31 December                                                      55                     51
308   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (2)    CCR pension plans (continued)
                   The net liability of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                          RMB’M              RMB’M


                       As at 1 January                                                     1,373                  —
                       Acquisition of subsidiaries                                            —                1,385
                       Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit
                         or loss                                                              68                  14
                       Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other
                         comprehensive income                                               (139)                  1
                       Other reconciling items                                                (9)                (27)


                       As at 31 December                                                   1,293               1,373


                   The most recent actuarial valuations of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit
                   obligation were carried out at 31 December 2025. The present value of the defined benefit
                   obligation, and the related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using
                   projected unit credit cost method.

                   Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
                   rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
                   of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
                   assumptions constant.

                   •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                          13.08% or increase by 13.8% (2024: decrease by 14.7% or increase by 15.6%).

                   Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
                   obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting
                   period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability
                   recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   309

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




45. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
   (1)   CCR
         On 1 October 2024, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in CCR at a consideration of
         USD679 million, subject to adjustments pursuant to the agreement, from Carrier Global
         Corporation through its wholly owned subsidiary, Haier Europe Appliances Holding B.V. CCR is
         principally engaged in providing end-to-end commercial refrigeration solutions and its main
         products include refrigeration cabinets and mechanical systems used in food retail sector (such
         as supermarkets), and CO2 refrigeration mechanical system and associated services used in cold
         storage facilities. Through the acquisition, the Group will extend its application scenarios from
         household refrigeration to food retail refrigeration and cold storage. The acquisition has been
         accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.

         Consideration transferred

                                                                                                      2024
                                                                                                     RMB’M


          Cash                                                                                          4,517


         Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately RMB82 million have been excluded from the
         consideration transferred and have been recognised as an expense, within the administrative
         expenses line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
         income.

         Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                     RMB’M


          Property, plant and equipment                                                                   850
          Right-of-use assets                                                                             412
          Other intangible assets                                                                       1,636
          Deferred tax assets                                                                             428
          Other non-current assets                                                                          30
          Inventories                                                                                     682
          Trade and bills receivables                                                                   1,611
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       888
          Contract assets                                                                                 944
          Trade and bills payables                                                                     (1,758)
          Other payables and accruals                                                                  (1,830)
          Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                        (7)
          Lease liabilities                                                                              (318)
          Tax payables                                                                                     (97)
          Deferred tax liabilities                                                                       (571)
          Other non-current liabilities                                                                  (201)


                                                                                                        2,699
310   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      45. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
            (1)    CCR (continued)
                   Goodwill arising on acquisition:


                                                                                                          RMB’M


                      Consideration transferred                                                             4,517
                      Plus: Fair value of previously held interest in associate                               395
                      Less: Total identifiable net assets acquired                                         (2,699)


                      Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                       2,213


                   Goodwill arose on the acquisition of CCR because the acquisition included the assembled
                   workforce of CCR and the potential future benefit arising from the synergy effect and the
                   establishment of the commercial refrigeration platform. These benefits are not recognised
                   separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
                   intangible assets.

                   None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                   Net cash outflow on acquisition of CCR


                                                                                                          RMB’M


                      Consideration paid in cash                                                            4,517
                      Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                       (888)


                                                                                                            3,629


                   The acquired businesses contributed an aggregated total revenue of RMB2,061 million and
                   aggregated net loss of RMB107 million to the Group for the period from the acquisition date to
                   31 December 2024.
                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   311

                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




45. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
   (2)   Commercial refrigeration business in India (“CCR India”)
         On 1 October 2024, in addition to acquisition of CCR, the Group acquired CCR India from India
         Carrier Airconditioning & Refrigeration Limited at cash consideration.

         The aggregated cash considerations were Indian Rupee (“INR”) 2,758 million (equivalent to
         RMB231 million) and the aggregated fair value of the net assets acquired were RMB21 million at
         the acquisition date, resulting an aggregated increase in goodwill of RMB210 million. The
         goodwill will not be deductible for tax purposes.

         The acquired businesses contributed an aggregated total revenue of RMB52 million and
         aggregated net profit of RMB3 million to the Group for the period from the acquisition date to 31
         December 2024.

         The aggregated net cash outflow from these acquisitions was RMB231 million.

   (3)   Kwikot
         On 2 December 2024, the Group acquired 100% equity interest of Kwikot at cash consideration.
         The Group actually obtained the control right of the Kwikot.

         The aggregated adjusted cash considerations were ZAR 1,850 million (equivalent to RMB736
         million) and the aggregated fair value of the net assets acquired were RMB351 million at the
         acquisition date, resulting an aggregated increase in goodwill of RMB385 million. The goodwill is
         attributable to the market prospect arising from expansion into new market sector. It will not be
         deductible for tax purposes.

         The acquired businesses contributed an aggregated total revenue of RMB49 million and
         aggregated net profit of RMB4 million to the Group for the period from the acquisition date to 31
         December 2024.

         The aggregated net cash outflow from these acquisitions was RMB667 million.

46. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.
312   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      47. COMMITMENTS
            The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                   RMB’M            RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


               Contracted, but not provided for:
               Property, plant and equipment                                         4,757            5,920


      48. PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS
            Pledge of assets
            The Group’s interest-bearing borrowings and bills payables had been secured by the pledge of the
            Group’s assets and the carrying amounts of the respective assets are as follows:

                                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                                   RMB’M            RMB’M


               Property, plant and equipment                                            32               —
               Trade and bills receivables                                           1,234            5,115
               Receivables at FVTOCI                                                   163               —
               Pledged bank deposits                                                 1,218              533
               Other intangible assets                                                 351               97
                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   313

                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




49. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                      RMB’M                  RMB’M


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Property, plant and equipment                                          25                    132
    Right-of-use assets                                                     1                      2
    Other intangible assets                                                29                     34
    Interests in associates                                             4,445                  3,178
    Investments in subsidiaries                                        68,233                 59,016
    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                             1,602                  1,603
    Financial assets measured at amortised cost                         7,033                  7,244
    Other non-current assets                                            2,171                  1,740


    Total non-current assets                                           83,539                 72,949


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Inventories                                                             9                      9
    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                         2,837                  6,944
    Amounts due from subsidiaries                                      86,833                 30,462
    Financial assets measured at amortised cost                         2,940                  1,276
    Cash and cash equivalents                                           6,824                  8,721


    Total current assets                                               99,443                 47,412


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Other payables and accruals                                           243                    327
    Amounts due to subsidiaries                                       122,540                 64,242
    Interest-bearing borrowings                                         3,690                  3,499


    Total current liabilities                                         126,473                 68,068


    NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                           (27,030)               (20,656)


    TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                              56,509                 52,293
314   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      49. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
                                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                                                                                     RMB’M                     RMB’M


               NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                                               5,812                  3,292
               Deferred income                                                                              16                     14
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    394                    394


               Total non-current liabilities                                                             6,222                  3,700


               Net assets                                                                              50,287                  48,593


               EQUITY
               Share capital (Note 36)                                                                  9,378                   9,383
               Reserves (Note)                                                                         40,909                  39,210


               Total equity                                                                            50,287                  48,593


                                                                                                          Other
                                                                    Capital                       comprehensive    Treasury
                                                 Contributed    redemption    Reserve   Retained        income       shares        Total
                                                     surplus        reserve     funds     profits       reserve     reserve      reserve
                                                     RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M        RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2024                   26,123          1,141     4,237      7,484            631      (3,176)      36,440
               Transfer to reserve funds                  —              —        454       (454)            —           —            —
               Total comprehensive income
                  for the year                            —              —         —      10,171            (12)         —        10,159
               Cancellation of treasury shares        (1,973)            —         —          —              —        1,709          (264)
               Dividend payable                           —              —         —      (7,514)            —           —         (7,514)
               Other changes                            389              —         —          —              —           —            389


               As at 31 December 2024 and
                   1 January 2025                     24,539          1,141     4,691      9,687            619      (1,467)      39,210
               Total comprehensive income
                   for the year                           —              —         —      13,446            (26)         —         13,420
               Purchase of treasury shares                —              —         —          —              —         (414)         (414)
               Cancellation of treasury shares          (161)            —         —          —              —          166             5
               Dividend payable                           —              —         —     (11,501)            —           —        (11,501)
               Other changes                            120             69         —          —              —           —            189


               As at 31 December 2025                 24,498          1,210     4,691     11,632            593      (1,715)      40,909
                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025   315

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




50. COMPARATIVE FIGURES

   Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.

51. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   According to the resolution of the 4th meeting of the 12th session of the Board of Directors of the
   Company held on 26 March 2026, the profit for the year is proposed to be distributed on the basis of
   the total number of shares on the record date after deducting the repurchased shares from the
   repurchased account. The Company declared cash dividend of RMB8.867 (including taxes) for every
   10 shares to all shareholders.

   The Company has no other significant event after the reporting period that needs to be disclosed.
316   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025



      FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group is set out
      below.

                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                        2025           2024          2023        2022           2021
                                                      RMB’M         RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M          RMB’M
                                                                  (Restated)    (Restated)  (Restated)     (Restated)

        RESULTS

        REVENUE                                        302,329      286,005      274,198       243,550       227,081
        Cost of sales                                 (223,374)    (208,098)    (200,557)     (168,960)     (157,528)


        Gross profit                                    78,955       77,907       73,641        74,590        69,553
        Other gains or losses                            5,206         3,905        3,691        2,913         2,059
        Selling and distribution expenses              (33,878)     (33,609)     (32,727)      (38,601)      (36,584)
        Administrative expenses                        (25,545)     (24,591)     (23,804)      (21,696)      (20,265)
        Finance costs                                   (2,587)       (2,705)      (2,165)        (997)         (714)
        Share of profits and losses of associates        1,328         1,816        1,575        1,582         1,888


        PROFIT BEFORE TAX                              23,479       22,723        20,211        17,791        15,937
        Income tax expenses                            (3,316)       (3,157)       (3,123)       (3,058)       (2,705)


        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                            20,163       19,566        17,088        14,733        13,232


        Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                          19,553       18,731        16,597        14,712        13,079
        Non-controlling interests                         610          835           491            21           153


                                                       20,163       19,566        17,088        14,733        13,232


                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                        2025           2024          2023        2022           2021
                                                      RMB’M         RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M          RMB’M
                                                                  (Restated)    (Restated)  (Restated)     (Restated)

        ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-
          CONTROLLING INTERESTS
        TOTAL ASSETS                                   295,795      290,736      261,068       236,018       217,741
        TOTAL LIABILITIES                             (169,818)    (171,934)    (153,538)     (141,268)     (136,466)
        NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                       (7,279)       (7,023)      (6,264)       (1,291)       (1,290)


                                                      118,698      111,779       101,266        93,459        79,985
                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             海爾智家股份有限公司
                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

                                                                                             A Shares Stock Code: 600690 D Shares Stock Code: 690D H Shares Stock Code: 6690




                                                                                                                                                                                         2025

                                                                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT




This annual report is printed on environmental friendly paper
