                          Contents


2                                  Corporate Profile
3                             Corporate Information
5                             Letter to Shareholders
12    Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
22                                 Business Review
54                                 Financial Review
70                    Corporate Governance Report
94                          Report of The Directors
113                   Independent Auditors’ Report
120    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                      Other Comprehensive Income
122     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
124    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
126          Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
129      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
307                    Five Year Financial Summary
    Corporate Profile




    We are a leader in the global major home appliance industry. According to the data from
    Euromonitor, we ranked first in the major home appliance industry in the world in terms of retail
    volume of major home appliances for 12 consecutive years. We have a global portfolio of home
    appliance brands consisting of Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher&Paykel and
    AQUA. Our Haier brand refrigeration appliances and laundry appliances also ranked first among
    major home appliance brands in the world in terms of retail volume for 13 and 12 consecutive
    years respectively. Currently, our business covered more than 160 countries and regions around
    the world including China, North America, Europe, South Asia and Southeast Asia, Australia and
    New Zealand, Japan, Middle East and Africa.

    We are also a global pioneer in providing smart home solutions. Capitalising on our full-range
    home appliances products, according to Euromonitor, we are one of the first home appliance
    enterprises in the industry to launch smart home solutions, supported by the introduction of our
    cloud based platform that offers integrated smart home solutions covering various lifestyle
    scenarios. Centering on our interconnected home appliance products, and supported by Haier
    Smart Home App and Haier Smart Home Experiential Cloud Platform as well as our experience
    stores and franchised stores, we provide smart home solutions suited for various lifestyle
    scenarios for users to satisfy their pursuit for a better life.




2   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Corporate Information




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                            PRINCIPAL BOARD COMMITTEES
Executive Directors                           Audit Committee

Mr. LIANG Haishan (Chairman)                  Mr. DAI Deming (Committee Chairman)
                                              Mr. LIN Sui
Mr. LI Huagang (Chief Executive Officer)
                                              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
Mr. XIE Juzhi (Vice Chairman)
                                              Mr. WONG Hak Kun
 (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)    Mr. YU Hon To, David
                                               (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)
Non-executive Directors
                                              Remuneration and Assessment Committee
Ms. TAN Lixia (Vice Chairwoman)
 (retired with effect from 30 March 2021)     Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (Committee Chairman)
Mr. WU Changqi                                Mr. LIANG Haishan
Mr. LIN Sui                                   Ms. TAN Lixia
                                               (retired with effect from 30 March 2021)
Mr. YU Hon To, David
                                              Mr. DAI Deming
 (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)
                                              Mr. WONG Hak Kun
Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun
 (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)    Nomination Committee

Independent Non-executive Directors           Mr. WONG Hak Kun (Committee Chairman)
                                              Mr. LIANG Haishan
Mr. DAI Deming                                Mr. WU Changqi
Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                             Mr. DAI Deming
Mr. WONG Hak Kun                              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
Mr. LI Shipeng
 (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)    Strategic Committee
                                              Mr. LIANG Haishan (Committee Chairman)
SUPERVISORS
                                              Mr. XIE Juzhi
Mr. WANG Peihua                               Mr. WU Changqi
Mr. MING Guoqing                              Mr. LIN Sui
Mr. YU Miao                                   Mr. DAI Deming
                                              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
BOARD SECRETARY                               Mr. WONG Hak Kun
                                              Mr. LI Shipeng
Ms. MING Guozhen
                                               (appointed with effect from 5 March 2021)


                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   3
    Corporate Information




    Environmental, Social and Governance            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Committee (established on 5 March 2021)         HONG KONG
    Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (Committee Chairwoman)       Unit 3513
    Mr. LI Huagang                                  35/F, The Center
    Mr. LIN Sui                                     99 Queen’s Road Central
    Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                               Hong Kong

    COMPANY SECRETARY                               TELEPHONE NUMBER
    Mr. NG Chi Yin                                  +86 (532) 8893 1670
                                                    +852 2169 0000
    LEGAL ADVISORS
    As to PRC Law                                   FAX NUMBER
    King & Wood Mallesons                           +86 (532) 8893 1689
                                                    +852 2169 0880
    As to Hong Kong Law
                                                    H-SHARES REGISTRAR
    Clifford Chance
                                                    Tricor Investor Services Limited
    COMPLIANCE ADVISOR                              Level 54, Hopewell Centre
                                                    183 Queen’s Road East
    Anglo Chinese Corporate Finance, Limited        Hong Kong

    PRINCIPAL BANKER                                STOCK CODE
    China Construction Bank Corporation             The Shanghai Stock Exchange : 600690
                                                    The Frankfurt Stock Exchange : 690D
    AUDITORS                                        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited : 06690
    Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP
    HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited                 WEBSITE
                                                    http://smart-home.haier.com
    FINANCIAL CALENDAR
    Six-month interim period end : 30 June          INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
    Financial year end           : 31 December      Strategic Financial Relations Limited
                                                    24/F, Admiralty Centre I
    REGISTERED OFFICE AND                           18 Harcourt Road
    HEADQUARTERS                                    Hong Kong
    Haier Industrial Park                           Telephone Number : (852) 2111 8468
    Laoshan District, Qingdao                       Fax Number            : (852) 2527 1196
    Shandong Province, the PRC                      E-mail Address        : haier@sprg.com.hk




4   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                   Letter to Shareholders




In 2020, a year like no other, with the resolve and dedication of 99,000 employees, Haier Smart Home
weathered the storm of Covid-19 and came out stronger than ever — our sales revenue reached RMB209.7
billion, net profit attributable to owners of the company reached a record RMB8.88 billion, and operating
cash flow went up to RMB17.6 billion.

2020 was also a milestone in Haier Smart Home’s own history. With the overwhelming support from
shareholders home and abroad, we successfully completed the privatization of Haier Electronics and the
listing of H shares (stock code: 6690.HK), establishing ourselves as an integrated platform of people, capital,
distribution networks, technologies and expertise with an eternal drive to create value for our users.

In the letter to shareholders from the H-share Prospectus, I reflected on how Haier rose from the verge of
bankruptcy and became global appliance industry’s most recognizable brand, gaining premium leadership
and widespread consumer loyalty in the Chinese market while expanding global footprint by continuously
embracing new members into the Haier family. At the beginning of 2021, mitigating the global pandemic has
once again reminded us of our inspirations and the culture instilled by Haier’s founders from day one: to
provide our users with innovative products by leveraging cutting edge technologies, through enhanced
services and scenarios applications, infused with our digital capabilities and passion, and become the
lifelong partner in our users’ journey of making their home a greater and smarter place. With growing
confidence, we are going to reinforce the strategic implementation of platforms integration, scenario-based
user experiences enhancement, manufacturing optimization and comprehensive digitalization. In the next
three years, we remain fully committed to outgrowing the appliance industry, improving our operational
excellence, giving our users the ultimate experiences and creating long lasting value for our shareholders.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   5
    Letter to Shareholders




    1.    Well-established localized brand portfolio and globalized operation platform play an
          essential role in accelerating worldwide market share expansion and profitability
          enhancement.
          China does not only have the world’s largest consumer population; it also produces the largest
          number of appliances every year through its comprehensive supply chain infrastructures. Originated in
          China, with organic growth and acquisitions in the past twenty years, Haier has completed the building
          of our global portfolio, unlike others, we chosen to serve global users directly from our localized
          facilities. 2020 was remarkable for our overseas business as we became the first in terms of market
          share in kitchen appliances, domestic air conditioner and top-load washing machine in the US; the first
          in washing machine in Australia & New Zealand and the first in freezer and large refrigerator in Japan;
          our total overseas revenue grew 8.3% to RMB100 billion.

          It has become increasingly evident that our investment in our proprietary brands with a local touch and
          our endeavours to consolidate a globalized operating platform are bearing fruit. Ongoing integrations
          around the world have improved product and service offerings, more examples of multilateral
          collaborations that once created best-selling front loader and new water heater in the US are in the
          pipeline; secondly we stand ready to share decade-long experience of online operations with our
          colleagues abroad, where rapid e-commerce penetration is expected post pandemic; thirdly, pioneering
          the application of IoT technologies in China and the US gives us the opportunity to accumulate
          scenario and product innovations that are fundamental to strengthening our competitiveness in the rest
          of the world.




6   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                              Letter to Shareholders




2.   Leveraging on premium leadership, product innovation and scenario applications to
     realize quality growth.
     Casarte also had another magnificent year in 2020. In China, it remains the undisputed No.1 in
     refrigerators, washing machines ASP over RMB10,000 & air conditioners ASP over RMB15,000, with
     79% growth in kitchen appliances. We also see great potentials in new categories including tumble
     dryers, dish washers, small kitchen appliances and water purifiers.

     More and more of the appliances we make are smart with connectivity, a feature we believe will be a
     prerequisite in the near future, where information can be gathered, analysed and processed to form
     user insights, so we could make products and provide services that cater to exactly what our users
     want. Haier’s advances in IoT-based technologies and products have also received worldwide
     recognition. In the US, for the third consecutive year, IoT Breakthrough, a leading market intelligence
     agency, awarded GE Appliances (GEA) the Best Smart Home Appliances Company in 2021 in
     appraising its continued innovations in IoT-based home appliances product and smart home solutions.

     We have long been aware of our users’ growing frustration with featureless shelf displays and obvious
     lack of real interaction. Our answer was to launch the brand-new scenario-based Three-Winged Bird
     Stores, with a built-in smart kitchen, smart living room, smart bedroom, smart bathroom, store visitors
     can explore integrated one-stop appliance & decoration solutions with the help of our dedicated sales
     teams that are well trained by interior designers and food connoisseur; this revolutionary immersive
     experience is expected to form the foundation of a long lasting relationship with our users that could
     enhance traffic conversion with increasing loyalty.

3.   Create greater value through end-to-end digital reform.
     Haier’s digital transformation has three focuses: digitalized user experience, digitalized operation
     process and digitalized business model. More and more users, younger generations in particular,
     favour the Internet for information, interaction and consumption, which means alliances with omni-
     channel partners including e-commerce platforms, social media, livestreaming businesses are critical for
     our growth; on the other hand, we ought to consolidate and streamline the backend operations in
     fulfilment, installation and after sales services so our omni-channel users can switch seamlessly without
     compromising Haier’s product offerings, unique user insights, customized designs and comprehensive
     scenario applications. This is preciously why Haier Smart Home Cloud System was developed to
     mobilize and consolidate our operations in distribution, franchised stores, logistics and after sales
     services. With this enhanced interaction, our users receive the products and services they wish for
     while we become one-step closer to them, this whole process is our definition of consumer-oriented
     retail service transformation.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   7
    Letter to Shareholders




          In 2020, several initiatives have also been made in renovating our factories, including identifying &
          prioritizing core activities and improving inventory turnover, with the aim to mitigate cost impact from
          escalating commodity prices; production was made leaner with reduction of SKUs, modularization of
          suppliers, and end to end inventory management. By aligning managerial KPI in PLM functions with the
          overall profit target, we were able to further streamlined SOP and enhance profitability management.

          Haier’s culture and maker spirit are pivotal to the success of our digital transformation, during this
          process, a sense of responsibility to our users and accountability to our own actions are essential in
          making constant adjustments with a more creative approach to capture the great possibilities from the
          age of online/offline integration; and Haier’s RenDanHeYi (individual and goal combination) paradigm is
          what inspires our makers with an entrepreneurial spirit to sometimes step outside their comfort zone,
          often thrive in challenges and always look forward to life’s new journeys.

          Corporate social responsibilities and sustainable development
          Earlier this year, Haier Smart Home was amongst the five companies in China chosen by FORTUNE as
          the Most Admired Companies in 2021. Candidates are evaluated based on their attributes in social
          responsibilities to the community and the environment, quality of management, financial soundness,
          long-term investment value, talent retention, and effectiveness in doing business globally. We consider
          this a reminder of our greater responsibility in the global business community: Haier Smart Home will
          continue to dedicate ourselves to the protection and preservation of our environment for future
          generations; promote equality and invest in our people for future innovations; support our suppliers,
          distributors, and local community for future sustainability.

          In March 2021, Haier Smart Home’s ESG Committee was formed under the Board of Directors,
          demonstrating our long-term commitment to environment, social and governance. The board would
          very much like to guide the management and mobilize all stakeholders in Haier’s ecosystem to take
          immediate action in the implementation of our long-term ESG roadmap including green products
          development, regular suppliers’ audit system, recycling, and production optimization to raise Haier’s
          ESG standard.




8   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                          Letter to Shareholders




At Haier Smart Home, we believe real life changing innovations begin when our brightest minds are
encouraged to think outside the box and start to have beautiful imaginations about making the world a
better place. With the full support of our global operational platform which prioritizes learning and
sharing, GEA’ well-established US market insight and network means we are always there when our
users need us; while Haier’s diversified product portfolio and supply chain infrastructures are integral to
GEA’s continued product innovation and market share expansion.

As we navigated the uncharted territory of a global pandemic, I often drew strength from ordinary
people doing extraordinary things: when the virus struck the city of Wuhan in February, immediate
actions were taken to form a team of 200 service specialists, many of whom volunteered, to deliver &
install the first batch of the of refrigerators, water heaters and water purifiers we donated. Our team
worked around the clock to make sure over 100 medical facilities were promptly equipped with our
sanitizing air conditioners and they even stepped in to help installing units that were produced by our
competitors, as we always choose to look at the bigger picture and prioritize social responsibility over
economic gain; when Covid-19 first hit the US, we prioritized our people’s health and safety and
implemented a number of swift measures including mandatory temperature checks, flexible shifts and
locations, cleaning and sanitization in all facilities, throughout the pandemic, 1,000 of our salaried
employees volunteered a total of 150,000 hours on our factory assembly lines to make essential
appliances for our users at a time when they needed us the most. Despite all the difficulties in 2020,
GEA’s production volume grew 10% over the same period in 2019, with 20% increase in the second
half.

I wish Haier as a brand and everyone at Haier aspires to do good for our community and society. In
May last year, Hu Yunchuan, a young engineer who was installing air conditioner in Zigong, Sichuan
province at the time, rushed to the rescue of a five-year old girl without hesitation after onlookers
noticed her being stranded outside a balcony six storeys up, heart-stopping footages showed him
clinging onto railings grabbing hold of the terrified child and
pushing her back inside, he was immediately hailed as a
hero and we decided to award him with a
new apartment, to show our utmost respect
and recognition.




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   9
     Letter to Shareholders




           Extraordinary acts of selflessness and bravery from ordinary people that go above and beyond the call
           of duty define who we are and guide us in what we do. From sponsoring HOPE schools in
           underprivileged areas and donating to charitable organizations, to leading by example of our own code
           of conduct, I have always encouraged and supported Haier Smart Home, Haier’s people and Haier’s
           stakeholders to step up and do what we can when our community needs us. Small act of kindness
           from every individual will eventually become one big step in making the world we live in a better place.

           Strategic initiatives for the future
           Looking back at the year that was just behind us, I am grateful to the people that I have worked with
           in this day and age. Globalization make it possible for our products and services have remained
           undisrupted globally despite social distancing; our communication safeguarded by digital technologies,
           and more importantly, constant sharing of information and knowhow on managing containment
           measures, e-commerce operations and supply chain infrastructures, have given our colleagues in the
           US, Europe and the rest of the world a head start in preparation for the virus, we could therefore keep
           our promise in strengthening protection for employees, continuing innovation and providing consistent
           services to our users. This global pandemic has tested each individual and the society to its extreme.
           With creativity, solidarity and responsibility, we remained connected to the market and launched new
           products featuring well-being, environmental protection and smart technologies to helped our users in
           taking care for their families, making their food safe and clothes clean; we revamped go-to-market
           strategies to raise our profile and promote our products on new social networks; our logistics and
           services team worked day and night to ensure that every single order was delivered and installed on
           time. As we weathered the storm, the RenDanHeYi principle and the values we share as a company
           have never been so important.

           In the next three years, we will remain committed to drive value from: 1. enhancing competitiveness
           and profitability of overseas businesses; 2. accelerating digital reform with a focus on scenario
           applications and user experience while improving operational efficiency; 3. leveraging innovation and
           IoT technologies to consolidate premium market leadership and increase profitability of all business
           units, thus accelerating the upgrade of our smart home solutions. With the solid cash flow generated
           from prior strategic initiatives, we can make consistent investments in digital upgrade, talent retention
           and R&D with the future in mind.

           We remain deeply grateful to the confidence from our shareholders home and abroad for the
           unanimous vote of support to the then proposed privatization of Haier Electronics. We also appreciate
           Haier Group’s full backing in recognizing Haier Smart Home as the flagship listing platform. With new
           inspirations, more diversified board and aligned strategic targets, we are ready to embark upon
           another new journey as we capture greater synergies and continue to lead the industry.




10   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                     Letter to Shareholders




This is the best of our times. My team and I are full of anticipations for the future and we are
committed to the path we have chosen. With open mind and willingness to learn and embrace the
total harmonization of technology, consumption and humanity at this revolutionary point, we remain
dedicated to strengthen our operations on the globalized platform, so we can develop products that
best serve our users and enhance their experience, ultimately creating long lasting values for our
shareholders.

                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Liang Haishan
                                                                        Chairman of the Board




                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   11
     Directors, Supervisors and
     Senior Management


     The directors, supervisors and senior management of the Group during the year, and the directors at the
     reporting date are as follows:

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. LIANG Haishan (“Mr. Liang”), aged 54, has been the Chairman of the Board since April 2013 and an
     Executive Director of the Company since June 2007. He also currently serves as the deputy chairman of the
     board of directors of Haier Group Corporation (and together with its subsidiaries hereafter “Haier Group”),
     and directors of certain subsidiaries of Haier Group. He was appointed as a non-executive director of Haier
     Electronics Group Co., Ltd. (“Haier Electronics”, a listed company of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”), stock code: 1169 which was privatized and delisted on 23
     December 2020) since November 2009.

     Mr. LIANG has over 20 years of experience in the manufacture of household electrical appliances,
     particularly in raw material procurement function and white goods business. His primary working experience
     includes: serving as the head of the quality department of Qingdao Haier Refrigerator Co., Ltd., our
     predecessor entity, from August 1993 to August 1994; serving as the general manager of Qingdao Haier Air
     Conditioner Gen Corp., Ltd. from October 1995 to August 1999; successively serving as an executive
     director of Haier Electronics from December 2001 to November 2009; serving as the Vice Chairman of the
     Board from June 2007 to April 2013; serving as the general manager of the Company from June 2007 to
     April 2019.

     Mr. LIANG obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Industry, a Master’s degree in Business Administration from
     Xi’an Jiaotong University in Xi’an, the PRC in July 1988 and December 2009, respectively. Mr. LIANG was
     named one of the Top 10 Leaders in China Strategic Emerging Industries (十 大 中 國 戰 略 性 新 興 產 業 領 軍 人
     物 獎) by China Strategic Emerging Industry Development Forum (中 國 戰 略 性 新 興 產 業 發 展 論 壇) in May
     2012 and obtained the Outstanding Leadership Award of the National Light Industry Enterprise Information
     (全 國 輕 工 業 企 業 信 息 化 優 秀 領 導 獎) from the China Light Industry Federation (中 國 輕 工 業 聯 合 會) in
     September 2012. He also received the Prize of Technology Advancement for China Household Appliances in
     October 2013, the 2017 Forbes China Best CEO of Listed Company in July 2017, and the 2017 Taishan
     Industry Leading Talent of Shandong Province in December 2017.

     Mr. LI Huagang (“Mr. Li”), aged 51, has been an Executive Director of the Company since June 2019 and
     the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since April 2019. Mr. LI has served as the chief marketing
     officer of PRC Region of the Company since December 2015, mainly responsible for promoting brand
     upgrade and channel optimisation strategy for online business and offline domestic business of the
     Company. Mr. LI currently serves as a director of various subsidiaries of our Group, including, among
     others, Chongqing New Goodaymart Electronics Sales Co., Ltd. Mr. LI has over 25 years of experience in
     the industry of manufacture, sales and marketing of household electrical appliances and corporate
     management. Mr. LI joined Haier Group in July 1991 and had since then held various senior positions in the
     sales and marketing functions of Haier Group until his resignation from the positions in Haier Group on 2
     November 2020. Mr. LI also served as the chief operating officer and chief executive officer of Haier
     Electronics from November 2009 to March 2014 and from August 2017 to March 2019, respectively.

     Mr. LI obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Economics in technology and economy from Huazhong University of
     Science and Technology in Wuhan, the PRC in July 1991, and a Master’s degree of Business Administration
     (part-time) from the China Europe International Business School in Shanghai, the PRC in January 2014.




12   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. XIE Juzhi (“Mr. Xie”), aged 54, has been appointed as an Executive Director of the Company since 5
March 2021. Mr. Xie graduated from Shandong University of Finance and Economics in July 1989 with a
bachelor’s degree, and joined Haier Group Corporation in the same year. Mr. Xie has experience in whole-
process product management, product-wide services and product-wide marketing. Mr. Xie had held senior
positions in Electrothermal Division of the Haier Group Corporation and East China Marketing and Promotion
Division of the Haier Group Corporation, and served as the Corporate General Manager of the Customer
Services of the Haier Group Corporation since August 2002. Since July 2012, he has been the Vice
President of Haier Group Corporation, and he has been in charge of Haier Group Corporation’s integration
of community sales services in first and second-tier cities, and developing the online and offline sales of new
household products. From December 2015 to date, he has been managing the newly developed business
segments of Haier Group Corporation, including water purification, logistics, Haier home and Gooday
services and has started to concurrently manage the water heater business since 2019. He was appointed
as the Chief Executive Officer and an Executive Director of Haier Electronics since 27 March 2019. Mr. Xie
currently serves as a director of various subsidiaries of our Group. Mr. Xie was awarded honorary titles
including the Gold Award of Outstanding Contribution Award of China’s Home Appliance Services Industry
(中 國 家 電 服 務 行 業 突 出 貢 獻 獎 金 獎) and Outstanding Entrepreneur of Shandong Province (山東省優秀企業
家).

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. TAN Lixia (“Ms. Tan”), aged 50, currently served as the director of Haier Group Corporation, and was
a Non-executive Director of the Company from May 2008 to March 2021 and the Vice Chairwoman of the
Board from June 2010 to March 2021. She also currently serves as the chairwoman of board of directors of
Qingdao Haier Biomedical Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
688139)) since July 2018. Ms. TAN also serves as a non-executive director of Bank of Qingdao Co., Ltd. (a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 03866) and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
(stock code: 002948)) since April 2012, the chairwoman of board of directors of INKON Life Technology Co.,
Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300143)) since May 2019 and a non-
executive director of China International Capital Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange (stock code: 03908)) since February 2020.

Ms. TAN graduated from Central Institute of Finance and Banking (中 央 財 政 金 融 學 院, now known as
Central University of Finance and Economics) in Beijing, the PRC, majoring in agricultural finance and credit,
and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in June 1992. She obtained a Master’s degree of Business Administration
(part-time) from the China Europe International Business School in Shanghai, the PRC upon completion of
the Executive Master of Business Administration (“EMBA”) programme in September 2010. She has been
studying in the Global Finance Doctorate programme (part-time) at Wudaokou School of Finance of Tsinghua
University in Beijing, the PRC since July 2016. Ms. TAN is among the first badge of Superior Management
Accountants (特級管理會計師) accredited by China Association of Chief Accountants in April 2019. Ms. TAN
was accredited as a Certified Public Accountant by the Australian Society of Certified Practising Accountants
in December 2015. She is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) and was
designated as a Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) in September 2013. She has been a
member of the 12th session of executive committee of the All-China Women’s Federation since November
2018. Ms. TAN was titled a Model Worker of Shandong Province (山 東 省 勞 動 模 範) by Shandong Provincial
Party Committee and Provincial Government in April 2013, a National Outstanding Entrepreneur (全國優秀企
業 家) by China Enterprise Federation and China Entrepreneurs Association in June 2014, one of the China
Top Ten Women in Economic Area (中國十大經濟女性年度人物) in January 2006 and the China CFO of the
Year (中 國 總 會 計 師 年 度 人 物) in November 2006.



                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   13
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. WU Changqi (“Mr. Wu”), aged 65, has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since April 2013.
     He is currently the director of Guanghua Leadership Institute (光 華 領 導 力 研 究 中 心) of Peking University
     since March 2011 and the president of Academy of Development Strategy for National High-Tech Industry
     Zones, Peking University (北 京 大 學 國 家 高 新 技 術 產 業 開 發 區 發 展 戰 略 研 究 院) since June 2011. Mr. WU
     currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Beijing Media Corporation Limited, (a company
     listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01000)) since June 2016, and an independent
     director of Yijiahe Technology Co., Ltd. (億嘉和科技股份有限公司, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 603666)) since August 2016. Mr. WU has over 25 years of experience in research
     and studies in high-tech industry, business administration and corporate management. Mr. WU’s previous
     working experience primarily include: serving as an assistant professor and associate professor of the
     Department of Economics of School of Business and Management of Hong Kong University of Science and
     Technology from September 1991 to August 2001; a professor of Guanghua School of Management of
     Peking University from September 2001 to July 2018; a director of the Department of Strategic Management
     of Guanghua School of Management of Peking University from September 2001 to December 2010; a
     director of the EMBA degree programme centre of Guanghua School of Management of Peking University
     from August 2002 to December 2010; a deputy dean of Guanghua School of Management of Peking
     University from February 2003 to December 2010; and an independent director of Beijing Electronic Zone
     High-tech Group Co., Ltd. (北京電子城高科技集團股份有限公司) (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 600658)) from December 2012 to June 2019.

     Mr. WU obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Economics in political economics from Shandong University in
     Jinan, the PRC in July 1982, and a Master’s degree of Business Administration in February 1986 and a
     Doctoral degree in applied economics from Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in Belgium in October 1990.

     Mr. LIN Sui (“Mr. LIN”), aged 63, has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since June 2019. Mr.
     LIN joined Deloitte & Touche as a tax consultant in January 1993. He was transferred to Deloitte Touche
     Tohmatsu China in January 2002 and served as a partner in Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu China from June
     2002 to May 2019, during which he also served as a board member of the Deloitte China practice between
     September 2008 and May 2012. Mr. Lin is an external master’s tutor of School of Economics, Fudan
     University since 2012, an external master’s tutor of School of Public Economics and Administration,
     Shanghai University of Finance and Economics since 2008. Mr. LIN has around 30 years of experience in
     accounting, tax and corporate management.

     Mr. LIN obtained a Master’s degree of Business Administration in Accounting and a Master’s degree of
     Science in Taxation from Baruch College of The City University of New York, the United States in December
     1992 and May 1996, respectively. Mr. LIN is a Certified Public Accountant of New York State, the United
     States of America, and a member of American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




14   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. YU Hon To, David (“Mr. Yu”), aged 73, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the
Company since 5 March 2021. Mr. Yu holds a Bachelor of Social Science degree from The Chinese
University of Hong Kong. Mr. Yu is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales
and an Associate Member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is a chartered
accountant with over 40 years’ experience in the fields of auditing, corporate finance (including advisory on
IPO, mergers & acquisitions and financial restructuring), financial investigation and corporate governance. Mr.
Yu was formerly a partner of Coopers & Lybrand (now merged as PricewaterhouseCoopers) in Hong Kong
with extensive experience in the corporate finance advisory assignments in Greater China for Hong Kong
corporations, private equity groups and multinationals. Mr. Yu also served as an independent non-executive
director and the chairman of the audit committee of Haier Electronics, a subsidiary of the Company, over the
past three years.

Mr. Yu had served various public offices including being a member of the Listing Committee of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange from 1992 to 1995, a member of the Investment Committee and the Audit Committee
of Employees Retraining Board (established under the Employees Retraining Ordinance of Hong Kong) from
1999 to 2020, and a member of the Board of Review (established under Inland Revenue Ordinance of Hong
Kong) from 2006 to 2012. Mr. Yu is currently an independent non-executive director of several other
companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, namely China Renewable Energy Investment Limited
(stock code: 987), Media Chinese International Limited (stock code: 685), One Media Group Limited (stock
code: 426), Playmates Holdings Limited (stock code: 635), China Resources Gas Group Limited (stock
code: 1193), Keck Seng Investments (Hong Kong) Limited (stock code: 184), New Century Asset
Management Limited (the manager of New Century Real Estate Investment Trust (stock code: 1275)) and MS
Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1451).

Ms. Eva Li Kam Fun (name that also commonly used is “Mrs. Eva CHENG Li Kam Fun”) (“Ms. Eva Li Kam
Fun”), aged 68, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company since 5 March 2021. Ms.
Eva Li Kam Fun graduated from the University of Hong Kong with Bachelor of Arts (Hons) and Master of
Business Administration degrees. She was conferred with the degree of Doctor of Business Administration,
honoris causa, from the Open University of Hong Kong in 2014. Ms. Eva Li Kam Fun is currently the
president of Our Hong Kong Foundation. She also serves as an independent non-executive director of Nestle
S.A, a publicly listed company on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Ms. Eva Li Kam Fun also served as an
independent non-executive director of Haier Electronics, a subsidiary of the Company, over the past three
years. Prior to joining the Our Hong Kong Foundation, Ms. Eva Li Kam Fun had a distinguished career that
spanned 34 years with Amway Corporation. When she retired in 2011, she held the concurrent positions of
Executive Vice President of Amway Corporation and Executive Chairman of Amway China Co. Ltd.
responsible for Amway Greater China & Southeast Asia Region. During the last three years, Ms. Eva Li Kam
Fun had also been an independent non-executive director of Amcor Limited (a company listed on the
Australian Securities Exchange) from 2014 to 2019, and an independent non-executive director of Trinity
Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) (Stock Code: 891) from
2011 to 2020. Ms. Eva Li Kam Fun’s leadership was well recognised in the business community. She was
twice named the “World’s 100 Most Powerful Women” by Forbes Magazine in 2008 and 2009. CNBC
awarded Ms. Eva Li Kam Fun with the “China Talent Management Award” in its 2007 China Business
Leaders Awards. In the areas of public and social service, Ms. Eva Li Kam Fun is court member of the
Open University of Hong Kong, advisor of the All-China Women’s Federation Hong Kong Delegates
Association, honorary president of the Hong Kong Federation of Women, and permanent honorary director of
The Chinese General Chamber of Commerce.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   15
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. Yan, Andrew Y (“Mr. Yan”), aged 64, had been a Non-executive Director of the Company since June
     2019, and retired as the director of the Company on 3 November 2020. He is currently the founding
     managing partner of SAIF Asia Investment Fund. Prior to founding SAIF, Mr. Yan was the managing director
     and director of the Hong Kong office of AIG Asia Infrastructure Investment Fund from 1994 to 2001. From
     1989 to 1994, he was an economist at the World Bank headquarters in Washington, a researcher at the
     well-known think tank Hudson Institute, and a director of strategic planning and business development for
     the Asia Pacific region at Sprint International Corporation. Mr. Yan obtained a bachelor’s degree in
     engineering from Nanjing Institute of Aeronautics in 1982 and specialized in master’s degree of Sociology in
     Peking University from 1984 to 1986. He studied his Ph.D. from Princeton University during 1986 to 1989
     and received a master’s degree in international economics in 1989. He also took advanced finance and
     accountancy courses at the Wharton School of Business in 1995.

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. DAI Deming (“Mr. DAI”), aged 58, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
     since June 2015. Mr. DAI currently serves as a professor and doctoral supervisor of the department of
     accounting of Renmin University of China since July 1996 and January 1997, respectively. He also serves as
     an independent director in the following companies: China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (a company listed on
     the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 02016) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
     601916)) since February 2015, BOC Aviation Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
     (stock code: 02588)) since May 2016, CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 06066) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601066)) since August 2016,
     Power Construction Corporation of China (中 國 電 力 建 設 股 份 有 限 公 司), a company listed on the Shanghai
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 601669)) since March 2018, and Poly Developments And Holdings Group Co.,
     Ltd. (保 利 發 展 控 股 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
     600048)) since September 2018. Mr. DAI has over 20 years of experience in accounting, finance and
     corporate management. Mr. DAI served as an independent director of Shanxi Taigang Stainless Steel Co.,
     Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000825)) from May 2011 to October
     2016, an independent director of Beijing Xinwei Technology Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the
     Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600485)) from September 2014 to September 2016 and an
     independent director of Beijing Capital Development Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 600376)) from September 2015 to May 2018.

     Mr. DAI obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Economics in industry finance and accounting from Hunan Institute
     of Finance and Economics (currently known as Hunan University) in Changsha, the PRC in July 1983, a
     Master’s degree of Economics in accounting from Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics (currently
     known as Zhongnan University of Economics and Law in Wuhan, the PRC in October 1986, and a Doctoral
     degree of Economics from Renmin University of China in Beijing, the PRC in June 1991.




16   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                         Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (“Mr. CHIEN”), aged 67, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
Company since June 2019. He currently serves as a director of ENN Group Co., Ltd. Mr. CHIEN has over
15 years of experience in business administration and corporate management. Mr. CHIEN worked for over
10 years at International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”) group of companies until 2015, achieving
various senior management roles before his retirement by the end of 2015. He also served as an
independent director of Haier US Appliance Solutions, Inc. from June 2016 to August 2017. In addition to
his experience in business corporations, Mr. CHIEN has served as a professor of Management Practice and
a member of the Teaching Steering Committee of the third session of the Executive Education Project at the
School of Business of Renmin University of China since January 2019.

Mr. CHIEN received a Bachelor of Science from the Department of Mathematics of Tamkang College of Arts
and Science (currently known as Tamkang University of Taiwan) in June 1975.

Mr. WONG Hak Kun (“Mr. WONG”), aged 64, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
Company since June 2020. He currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Yue Yuen
Industrial Holdings (Limited) (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00551))
since June 2018, an independent non-executive director of Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited (a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00255)) since June 2018, an independent
non-executive director of Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company Limited (a company listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01743)) since June 2018, and an independent non-executive
director of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
(stock code: 02238) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601238)) since May 2020. Mr. WONG
has over 35 years of experience in auditing, assurance and management. Mr. WONG worked in Deloitte
China from July 1980 to May 2017, during which he was a partner since 1992. Mr. WONG also served as a
member of Deloitte China’s Governance Board from June 2000 to May 2008. Prior to his retirement from
Deloitte China in May 2017, he was Deloitte China’s National Managing Partner of Audit & Assurance.

Mr. WONG received a Bachelor’s degree of social science from the University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong
in November 1980. He is an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA)
since December 1983, an associate of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) since
September 1983, an associate of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in United
Kingdom since April 1984, and an associate of the Chartered Institute Management Accountants (CIMA)
since June 1990.

Mr. Shi Tiantao (“Mr. Shi”), aged 59, had been an Independent Non-executive Director (INED) of the
Company since June 2014, and retired as the INED of the Company on 3 June 2020. He currently serves as
a professor and doctoral supervisor of the School of Law at Tsinghua University as well as a director of
Finance & Law Research Center under the School of Law at Tsinghua University. He concurrently holds
other positions such as a vice president of the Chinese Research Association of Securities Law, an
arbitrator of CIETAC, and a member of the Case Guidance Committee of the Supreme People’s Court.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   17
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. Li Shipeng (“Mr. Li”), aged 54, has been appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the
     Company since 5 March 2021. Mr. Li holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree from University of Science
     and Technology of China, and a PhD degree from Lehigh University, USA. Mr. Li has extensive experience in
     areas such as Internet of Things technology, and artificial intelligence. Mr. Li is currently the Executive
     President of Shenzhen Institute of Artificial Intelligence and Robotics. Prior to that, he served as the Chief
     Researcher and Deputy Dean of Microsoft Research Asia, Chief Technology Officer of Cogobuy Group, and
     Vice President of iFlytek Group.

     Mr. Li is a member of the International Eurasian Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the International
     Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE fellow). He was listed as one of the world’s top 1,000
     computer scientists by Guide2Research and ranked top 20 in Mainland China in 2020. Mr. Li is a renowned
     expert in areas such internet, computer vision, cloud computing, Internet of Things and artificial intelligence.

     SUPERVISORS
     Mr. WANG Peihua (“Mr. Wang”), aged 63, has been the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the
     Company since June 2010. He currently serves as the head of the Organisation Department of Haier Group
     since October 2015. Mr. WANG joined Haier Group in November 1991 and has held various positions in
     Haier Group, including serving as the general manager of Wuhan Haier Electric Co., Ltd., the director of the
     direct business department of Haier Washing Machine and the deputy secretary of the Party Committee and
     the deputy director of Haier Group Air-Conditioner Head Office (海 爾 集 團 空 調 本 部), Haier Group Freezer &
     Heater Head Office (海 爾 集 團 冷 櫃 電 熱 本 部) and Washing Machine Head Office (洗 衣 機 本 部) from March
     1990 to December 1994, from December 1997 to June 1999 and from June 1999 to March 2000,
     respectively. He served as the chairman of the Labour Union of Haier Group Technology and Equipment
     Head Office (海爾集團技術裝備本部) from May 2002 to October 2013 and the deputy secretary of Discipline
     Inspection Committee of Haier Group from February 2010 to September 2015.

     Mr. WANG graduated from the Party and Political Cadre Basic Division of Shandong Radio and TV
     University in Jinan, the PRC in October 1987. He also obtained a business administration training certificate
     after completing the Chinese Entrepreneur EMBA Special Correspondence Courses (中 國 企 業 家EMBA特 訓
     函授班) of the SME International Cooperation Association (中小企業國際合作促進會) in November 2002. Mr.
     WANG passed the PRC bar exam and obtained the PRC lawyer qualification (non-practising) certificate in
     January 1990. He obtained the qualification of senior political analyst from Qualification Evaluation
     Committee for Senior Professional Posts of Qingdao Ideological and Political Workers (青 島 市 思 想 政 治 工 作
     人 員 高 級 專 業 職 務 任 職 資 格 評 審 委 員 會) in December 2004.

     Mr. MING Guoqing (“Mr. MING”), aged 59, has been a Supervisor of the Company since June 2007. He
     served as the vice chairman of the Labour Union of Haier Group from November 2006 to June 2013 and
     has served as the chairman of the Labour Union of Haier Group since June 2013. Mr. Ming joined Haier
     Group in December 1986 and has held various positions in Haier Group, including successively serving as
     the deputy leader of the automobile team and the deputy secretary of Discipline Inspection Committee of
     Qingdao Refrigerator General Factory from December 1986 to June 1993; the secretary of the Party
     Committee and the vice manager of Qingdao Haier Transportation Company (青島海爾運輸公司) from June
     1993 to December 1994; the head of the No. 2 Refrigerator Factory, the deputy head of the Organisation
     Division, the chairman of the Labour Union and the head of the General Department of our Company from
     December 1994 to November 2006; the deputy secretary of the Party committee, the secretary of Discipline
     Inspection Committee, the chairman of the Labour Union and the head of the General Department of Haier
     Refrigerator Products Head Office (海 爾 冰 箱 產 品 本 部) from March 2000 to November 2006.



18   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                          Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. MING graduated from PLA Automobile Management School (currently known as PLA Automobile
Management College (中 國 人 民 解 放 軍 汽 車 管 理 學 院)) in Bengbu, the PRC in July 1982. He also studied
(part-time) in law major at the undergraduate class of the CPC Party School of Shandong Province in Jinan,
the PRC from September 2006 to December 2008. He obtained the qualification of senior political analyst
from Qualification Evaluation Committee for Senior Professional Posts of Qingdao Ideological and Political
Workers (青 島 市 思 想 政 治 工 作 人 員 高 級 專 業 職 務 任 職 資 格 評 審 委 員 會) in December 2010. Mr. MING was
accredited as an “National Outstanding Labour Union Practitioner (全 國 優 秀 工 會 工 作 者)” by All-China
Federation of Trade Unions in December 2015.

Mr. YU Miao, aged 37, has been an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since January
2019. He joined our Company in April 2012 and has since then served as the legal manager of our
Company, mainly in charge of management of legal affairs.

Mr. YU obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Law from Jinan University in Jinan, the PRC in July 2005, and a
Master’s degree of Law in economics law from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in Dalian, the
PRC in December 2008. Mr. YU passed the PRC bar exam and obtained the PRC lawyer qualification (non-
practising) certificate in February 2008.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. LI Huagang. See “EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS”.

Mr. GONG Wei (“Mr. GONG”), aged 46, has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since January
2010 and a Vice General Manager of the Company since April 2013. He also currently serves as a director
of Qingdao Thunderobot Technology Co., Ltd. (青 島 雷 神 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司, a company publicly traded on
the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 872190)) since May 2017. Mr. GONG joined our
Group in July 1994, and has held various positions, including successively serving as the head of finance of
Haier Refrigerator Co., Ltd. from July 1994 to August 1999; the financial manager of Haier Northern China
Business Development Division (海 爾 商 流 華 北 事 業 部) from August 1999 to March 2001; the chief financial
officer of Haier White Goods Group (海 爾 白 電 集 團) from April 2001 to June 2008.

Mr. GONG obtained a Master’s degree of EMBA from the University of International Business and
Economics in Beijing, the PRC in December 2011. He was granted honorary titles such as “Labour Model of
Qingdao City (2012-2014)” in 2015 and “National Outstanding Accounting Workers (全國優秀會計工作者)” in
December 2005, and was accredited as one of the Top Ten CFOs in China by “New Money” Magazine (《新
理 財 雜 誌》) in April 2012. Mr. GONG was admitted as a fellow of The Chartered Institute of Management
Accountants in March 2020.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   19
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. MING Guozhen (“Ms. MING”), aged 56, has been a Vice General Manager of the Company since May
     2008 and the Board Secretary since April 2009. Ms. MING also currently serves as a director of Qingdao
     Huaqiao Industrial Co., Ltd. since July 2008. Ms. MING joined Haier in August 2007 and served as the
     business director and merger & acquisition director of the Haier Asset Operation Division (海爾資產運營事業
     部) from August 2007 to May 2008. Prior to that, her previous working experience primarily includes: serving
     as a lecturer of investment department and a deputy director of the Teaching and Research Office of
     investment department of China Institute of Finance and Banking (中國金融學院) from July 1986 to January
     1992; successively serving as salesman, manager, assistant to the general manager in Everbright Bank of
     China International Trust and Investment Corp. (中 國 光 大 國 際 信 託 投 資 公 司) from January 1992 to
     September 1998; serving as the vice president of Everbright International Investment Consulting Corporation
     (光 大 國 際 投 資 諮 詢 公 司) from October 1998 to December 2000; serving as director of the general office of
     Analyst Professional Committee (分 析 師 專 業 委 員 會), deputy director of the department of association
     qualification management (協 會 資 格 管 理 部) and deputy director of Association Practitioner Standard
     Committee (協 會 執 業 標 準 委 員 會) of Securities Association of China from January 2001 to August 2007.

     Ms. MING obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Economics in Sichuan Finance and Economics College (四 川 財
     經學院, currently known as Southwestern University of Finance and Economics (西南財經大學)) in Chengdu,
     the PRC in July 1984, and a Master’s degree of Economics in Southwestern University of Finance and
     Economics in Chengdu, the PRC in December 1990. She obtained the title of lecturer granted by the
     People’s Bank of China in June 1992, qualification of economist and senior economist granted by the Senior
     Professional Technical Function Evaluation Committee of China Everbright (Group) Corporation in May 1993
     and November 1994, respectively, and the qualification of board secretary granted by the Shanghai Stock
     exchange in November 2008. Ms. MING was awarded as a member of “Golden Model Board Secretary
     Celebrities House (金 牌 董 秘 名 人 堂)” at the 12th session of New Finance Election in June 2016.

     The following personnel have been appointed as vice-presidents and senior management of the Company
     since 7 February 2021:

     Mr. Li Pan (“Mr. Li”), aged 44, graduated from Wuhan University in 1997 and obtained the double degree in
     economics and international business administration. He joined Haier Group in 1997 and currently serves as
     the general manager of the overseas platform of the Company. Mr. Li has held various positions in Haier
     Group, including serving as the assistant director of the Asia-Pacific Division, the manager of the Haier
     ASEAN Center, the manager of the Overseas Brands Marketing Center, the manager of the Overseas
     Strategic Center and the director on the operation of overseas markets. He has held important positions of
     the overseas platform of Haier Group since 2004 with extensive frontline management experience in product
     planning, brand marketing, market exploration and corporate operation.

     Mr. Wu Yong (“Mr. Wu”), aged 42, graduated from Tianjin College of Commerce in 2001 and obtained a
     Bachelor’s degree in heat supply, ventilation and air-conditioning engineering. He obtained the double degree
     of EMBA from the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University and the INSEAD in 2015.
     Mr. Wu joined Haier Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the kitchen appliances
     and household appliances businesses and the internet of food platform of the Company. Mr. Wu has served
     as the general manager of the PRC Region on manufacturing and production of refrigerators, overseas
     marketing and the air-conditioning business since joining the Group and possesses whole-process
     management experience in high-end manufacturing, marketing and industrial platforms.




20   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Li Yang (“Mr. Li”), aged 44, graduated from Qingdao University of Science & Technology in 1998 and
obtained a Bachelor’s degree in fine chemical engineering. Mr. Li joined Haier Group in 1998 and currently
serves as the general manager of the washing machine business and the internet of clothing platform of
Haier. Mr. Li has held various positions in Haier Group, including serving as the manufacturing director and
the general manager of the internet of clothing platform. He has held important positions of the internet of
clothing platform of Haier since 2008 and has been engaged in the quality and systemic management of
washing machines, production and manufacturing and other relevant management works. The ecological
platform of the internet of clothing incubated by the team under his leadership was awarded the first prize
for “Innovation Results in Modern Management of National Light Industry Enterprises” (全 國 輕 工 業 企 業 管 理
現 代 化 創 新 成 果) in 2019. He received the “Most Promising Entrepreneur in Qingdao in 2018”, the
“Advanced Individual in Management Innovation of National Light Industry Enterprises” and other honors.

Ms. Wang Li (“Ms. Wang”), aged 55, graduated from Qingdao University of Science & Technology in 1986
and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in heat supply, ventilation and air-conditioning engineering. She obtained
a Master’s degree in business administration from Renmin University of China in June 2013. Ms. Wang
joined Haier Group (Qingdao Air-conditioner Company) in 1988 and currently serves as the general manager
of the air business of Haier. Ms. Wang has held various positions, including the general manager of Haier’s
central air-conditioner business, the general manager of Haier’s residential facilities business and the general
manager of Haier’s air business. Ms. Wang has held important positions in the air-conditioner department of
Haier since 1988 with management experience in products and marketing. Ms. Wang has served various
industrial positions, including a member of China Refrigeration and Air-Conditioning Industry Association.
Ms. Wang was granted special government subsidy from the State Council and was awarded the
Outstanding Entrepreneur in Light Industry in Shandong Province, the Labor Model of Qingdao City, the
Outstanding Talent in Professional Technology in Qingdao City and other honorary titles.

Mr. Guan Jiangyong (“Mr. Guan”), aged 42, graduated from the Northeast Electric Power University in 2001
and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in execution information system. Mr. Guan joined Haier Group in 2001
and currently serves as the general manager of the water heater business and the internet of water platform
of Haier. Mr. Guan has been engaged in product management in industry and trade markets, production
and manufacturing, product marketing and industrial pipeline management and served as a regional general
manager, the market director on the water heater business and the general manager of the internet of water
platform and the water heater business. He possesses whole-process management experience in product
manufacturing, marketing, corporate planning management and industrial platforms.

Mr. Huang Xiao Wu (“Mr. Huang”), aged 43, graduated from the College of Photoelectric Engineering,
Chongqing University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in 1998, and graduated from the Faculty of
Business and Economics of The University of Hong Kong with a master’s degree in business administration
in 2004. From 2009 to 2020, Mr. Huang served as the deputy general manager of Haier Electronics Group
Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, to assist the chief executive officer of Haier Electronics in
implementing Haier Electronics’s development strategy, and was responsible for capital market affairs such
as investor relations, strategic investment, and equity financing. Mr. Huang has 19 years of extensive work
experience in commercial banking, investment, industrial funds and corporate finance. Prior to joining Haier
Group, he worked in the Ningbo branch and Shanghai branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China,
Investment Banking Division of Guosen Securities, Anglo Chinese Investment Banking Group (英 高 投 資 銀 行
集 團) and other institutions.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   21
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW
     Company Introduction
     Since our establishment in 1984, the Company is committed to being an enterprise of the times, continuing
     to innovate and iterate by continuously introducing new products that lead the market development, and
     grasping industry opportunities arising. After over 30 years of development, the Company has already
     become the global leader in large-format home appliance industry and also the pioneer of global smart home
     solution provider:

     •     Leading provider of the global large-format home appliance industry: According to data from Euromonitor,
           an authoritative market researcher, among the large-format home appliances brands, the Company has
           ranked 1st in the global market in terms of retail volume for 12 consecutive years. The Company has
           a global portfolio of home appliance brands consisting of Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances,
           Candy, Fisher&Paykel and AQUA. Among the large-format home appliance brands, our Haier brand
           refrigeration appliances and laundry appliances also ranked first in the global market in terms of retail
           volume for 13 and 12 consecutive years.

     •     Pioneer of global smart home solutions: Capitalising on our full-range home appliances products,
           according to Euromonitor, the Company is one of the first home appliance enterprises in the industry
           to launch smart home solutions. Centering on our interconnected home appliance products and
           resources from our partners, and supported by Haier Smart Home App and Haier Smart Home
           Experiential Cloud Platform as well as our physical experience stores and franchised stores, the
           Company provides smart home solutions suited for various lifestyle scenarios for users to satisfy their
           pursuit for a better life.

     After years of development, the Company has established the following three business segments: smart
     home business in China, smart home business overseas and other businesses.

     Smart Home Business in China
     The Company provides full range home appliances products to our customers in China. Through online Haier
     Smart Home App, as supplemented by physical experience stores, the Company also provides value-added
     services centering on home appliance products, which jointly form our smart home solutions to meet users’
     needs in different lifestyle scenarios. Specifically, our smart home solutions can be further categorised as
     Household Food Solutions (Internet of Food), Household Clothing Solutions (Internet of Clothing), Household
     Air Solutions (Internet of Air), and Household Water Solutions (Internet of Water).

     •     Household Food Solutions (Internet of Food): the Company provides users with refrigerators, freezers,
           kitchen appliances and other products through domestic market sales and exports under Household
           Food Solutions. Through our interconnected products, the Company can achieve interactions, for
           example, between stoves and range hoods, and between refrigerators and ovens. Through providing
           users with value-added food services featuring a combination of products and services, such as smart
           cooking and nutrition scheme formulation, the Company is able to meet their needs for convenience,
           health and delicious food.




22   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Smart Home Business in China (continued)
•    Household Clothing Solutions (Internet of Clothing): the Company provides users with washing machines,
     dryers and other products through domestic market sales and exports under Household Clothing
     Solutions. Through our interconnected products, the Company can achieve interactions, for example,
     between washing machines and dryers, and enable smart solution such as automatic use of laundry
     detergent. The Company provides users with value-added cleaning and caring services featuring a
     combination of products and services, so as to meet their needs related to cleaning and caring of
     apparels.

•    Household Air Solutions (Internet of Air): the Company provides users with household air-conditioners,
     commercial air-conditioners, purifiers, fresh air systems and other products through domestic market
     sales and exports under Household Air Solutions. In particular, our interconnected products enable
     offerings of smart solutions such as interaction among air-conditioners in different rooms, interactions
     between air conditioners and purifiers, smart perception, adaptive air supply, air quality testing and
     smart sterilisation, so as to fully meet users’ needs for healthy and comfortable experience with
     regards air temperature, humidity, cleanliness and freshness.

•    Household Water Solutions (Internet of Water): the Company provides users with electric water heaters,
     gas water heaters, solar water heaters, heat pump water heaters, POE water purifiers, POU water
     purifiers, water softening equipment and other products through domestic market sales and exports
     under Household Water Solutions. In particular, our interconnected products can provide whole-house
     water solutions including interactions between water heaters and purifiers, and between heating
     appliances and water heaters, so as to meet the users’ needs for water purification, softening and
     heating.

Smart Home Business Overseas
In addition to Chinese market, the Company also manufactures and sells a comprehensive portfolio of home
appliance products as well as provides value-added services to users in more than 160 countries and
regions including North America, Europe, South Asia and Southeast Asia, Australia, New Zealand, Japan,
Middle East and Africa.

In the overseas market, we manufacture and sell home appliance products of our own brands based on
local consumer demands. The Company has more than 20 years of experience in overseas operations. The
Company further expanded overseas business through cross-border acquisitions. The Company acquired
Haier Group Corporation’s overseas white goods business, including Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd.’s white goods
businesses in Japan and Southeast Asia in 2015, General Electric Company’s home appliances business in
2016, Fisher&Paykel in 2018, and Candy in 2019. The development of the Company’s smart home business
overseas has been fuelled by the synergies from both our organic growth as well as acquisitions of overseas
business.

At present, the overseas smart home business of the Company has entered into a stage of stable
development, having achieved multi-brand, cross-product and cross-region presence on a global basis.
According to Euromonitor, in 2020, the Company ranked first in terms of retail volume in the Asia major
home appliance market, with a market share of 18.6%; ranked second in North America, with a market
share of 22.0%; ranked second in Australia and New Zealand, with a market share of 13.4%; ranked third in
Middle East and Africa, with a market share of 8.4%; ranked fifth in Europe, with a market share of 7.2%.



                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   23
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Other Businesses
     Based on our established smart home business, the Company also expanded its business to cover, among
     others, parts and components, small home appliances and distribution services. Our parts and components
     business primarily involves procurement, manufacturing and sales of ancillary parts and components for
     home appliances. Small home appliances business primarily involves design, outsourced manufacturing and
     sales of various small home appliances under our brands, to supplement the Company’s smart home
     solutions business. The distribution services business primarily involves distribution of televisions, consumer
     electronic and other products for Haier Group and other third parties, leveraging our extensive sales
     network.

     During the period, the Company disposed of the 54.50% equity interest of Haier COSMO IOT Ecosystem
     Technology Co., Ltd. (海 爾 卡 奥 斯 物 聯 生 態 科 技 有 限 公 司) (hereinafter referred to as ‘COSMOPlat’) under
     Other Businesses segment. The Company still holds a total of 18.75% equity interest in COSMOPlat through
     direct and indirect shareholdings. COSMOPlat is no longer accounted for on a consolidated basis in the
     combined statements of the Company, and the business of COSMOPlat is no longer included in Other
     Businesses segment starting from the fourth quarter of 2020.

     During the period, the Company was once again being listed among the Top 500 World’s Companies by
     Fortune, moved up 13 places as compared with 2019. We are named as the “2021 World’s Most Admired
     Companies” by Fortune, and are the only company in Europe and Asia in home appliances industry selected
     and the only company incorporated outside the USA. Meanwhile, the Company became the world’s only
     Internet-of-Things (IoT) ecosystem brand, being named second time in a row as BrandZtm Top 100 Most
     Valuable Global Brands in 2020.

     Industry Summary for 2020
     (1)   The China market
           Due to the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic and the complex and volatile international environment,
           China’s economic growth rate has declined. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, China’s
           total GDP exceeded RMB101 trillion in 2020, an increase of 2.3% year-on-year, which was the lowest
           growth rate in the past five years. In the first quarter, the outbreak of the pandemic had strong
           impacts on the economy and enterprises. The drop in residents’ average income led to more cautious
           consumer behavior. The home appliance market was being hit hard as overall consumer demand
           shrank. However, as the pandemic situation in the Mainland China was brought under control, work
           and production of industries were orderly resumed, and consumer demand also restored. Since the
           second quarter, the overall home appliance market has gradually shaken off the impact of the
           pandemic, and achieved significant quarter-on-quarter improvements. According to data from CMM,
           the annual domestic market size for white goods and kitchen appliances in terms of retail value was at
           RMB448.7 billion, a decrease of 11.9% year-on-year. In particular, retail sales for the refrigerator,
           washing machine, air conditioner and kitchen appliance categories have recorded negative growths of
           3.3%, 6.5%, 22% and 5.4% respectively. However, the declines have significantly narrowed in the
           second half of the year with a retail market size reaching RMB232.9 billion, representing a
           year-on-year growth of negative 2.4%. Influenced by changes brewed during the post-pandemic era,
           the home appliance market continued to evolve towards health-conscious and smart upgrades, with
           encouraging developments in specific sub-categories and channels.




24   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                          Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Industry Summary for 2020 (continued)
(1)   The China market (continued)
      First of all, the pandemic as a “black swan” event did not only bring impacts to various sectors of the
      economy, it also reshaped people’s attitudes towards consumption. As people spent more time at
      home, they became more dependent on home appliances. For instance, the need to stock up on food
      has led to the pursuit of large-capacity refrigerators, and the increased frequency of home cleaning
      and laundry has brought favor to large-capacity washing machines and water heaters. At the same
      time, consumers’ pursuit for higher standards of quality living has driven the upgrading of product
      features. Quality and eco-friendly home appliances with disinfection and sterilization features have
      become hot selling product segments. Home appliances such as air conditioners with fresh air intake,
      self-cleaning and comfortable air blow features, washing machines equipped with high-temperature
      sterilizing function, refrigerators that could maintain food freshness with odor control and anti-bacterial
      features, along with disinfection cabinets, water purifiers and air purifiers, have all achieved significant
      growths. According to CMM’s retail monitoring data survey for major market trends for the online home
      appliance market in January-November 2020, categories with health-boosting features have all
      achieved high rankings in terms of sales value among products including washing machines, rice
      cookers, humidifiers.

      Secondly, the upgrading of home appliances’ features also further promoted the development of smart
      homes. Driven by technologies such as IoT, cloud computing, big data and artificial intelligence, smart
      homes have brought great convenience to home living with the characteristics of contactless dialogue
      systems, multi-product interactive linkages and self-learning capabilities. For example, robotic vacuum
      cleaners with higher level of intelligence can serve multiple purposes. They can master the room layout
      through AI learning and automatic recognition, and provide home security services, hence becoming a
      new center of connection for the living room. The proliferation of intelligence in single products also
      fueled the rise of whole-house intelligence. The development trend of the future home appliance
      industry has transformed from purchase of a single product to customization of product sets, and from
      individual network devices to application of smart scenarios. Many industry giants have already joined
      the field. Meanwhile, with the emergence of more and more open cloud platforms and reduction in
      hardware development costs, the smart home ecosystem value chain has become more mature. Users
      have gradually gained conviction on the uses of smart home products. The proportion of complete set
      purchases and scenario-based purchases have been on the rise.

      Thirdly, as emerging consumer groups became more sophisticated and the concepts of healthy and
      quality living getting more ingrained into consumer mindset, small home appliances with the
      characteristics of low unit price, small size, installation-free and minimal service requirements have
      become a new market hotspot. Small home appliances have grown against the industry’s downward
      trend especially during the pandemic outbreak, as they were more in line with the online sales model
      of live-streaming e-commerce. For instance, according to information from AVC, the online sales
      growth for categories such as high-speed blenders and composite devices with steam, microwave and
      roasting functions had reached 108.7% and 43.8% respectively in 2020. Against the backdrop of a
      slowdown in growth of conventional large-format appliances, small home appliances that offer both
      functionalities and enjoyment are capable of tapping into the market upside and provide opportunities
      for development of new categories.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   25
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Industry Summary for 2020 (continued)
     (1)   The China market (continued)
           Lastly, in terms of channels, as offline outlets were impacted by the pandemic prevention and control
           measures, online channels have become the main conduit for meeting consumer demands. According
           to AVC market data, the online market shares in terms of retail volumes for air conditioners,
           refrigerators and washing machines have all increased despite a fall in overall consumption, reaching
           51.5%, 60.3% and 64.6% respectively, representing increases of 7.4, 8.0 and 9.3 percentage points.
           As more time is being spent at home, and the new generation of young people with preference on
           online shopping, e-commerce as a contactless cloud-experience sales medium has had huge influence
           on users’ purchase preference and decision-making process. Through leveraging platform resources
           and technological advantages, live-streaming e-commerce improved the efficiency in dissemination and
           accelerated traffic conversions due to its mobile, social and scenario-driven characteristics, hence it
           has become one of the key modes of sales nowadays. In the future, online content platforms will be
           enriched by the rise of core user circles such as KOL and KOC, as well as the popularization of the
           5G network and the increasingly mature VR technology. Live-streaming e-commerce has the potential
           to facilitate more in-depth and direct interactions between enterprises and users.

     (2)   Overseas markets
           The global home appliance market has been developing differently across regions. In developed
           countries and regions, the development momentum of home appliance market relied on new housing,
           diversified demands in sub-markets and the upgrading of home appliances. In developing countries,
           due to the relatively low home appliance ownership rate, the overall market still saw potential for rapid
           growth. On the other hand, as Covid-19 has broken out in many countries around the world,
           economic and social activities have been restricted, people’s income has been reduced, and the real
           estate sector was facing pressure in sales and delivery. These series of factors have led to a decline in
           user demand for home appliances, bringing negative impacts to different regions in varying degrees.

           In terms of channels, while offline channels remained dominant, online channels have been developing
           rapidly. The distribution channels for the global home appliance market were increasingly diversified. In
           view of the transformation of retail channels, the rapid development of online channels and their
           integration with offline sales channels have further enhanced the growth potential of online channels.




26   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                        Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Industry Summary for 2020 (continued)
(2)   Overseas markets (continued)
      Breakdown by markets:

      (1)   The U.S. market: Impacted by the pandemic, consumption in the U.S. market was sluggish in
            the first half of the year. However, with normalized pandemic prevention and control policies such
            as social distancing, according to Euromonitor International’s statistics, the home appliance
            industry achieved double-digit growth in the second half of the year, with an annual growth rate
            of 5%. The recovery of the U.S. home appliance market was, first of all, benefited from the
            extension of the stay-at-home order, which has stimulated users’ demand for home appliances,
            and shifted travel and entertainment spending into household consumption; secondly, their more
            mature e-commerce channels have facilitated a boost in household consumption; thirdly, a series
            of stimulus policies implemented by the government has effectively spurred the growth of
            household consumption; finally, mortgage rates were at record lows, leading to a surge in new
            home constructions, existing home sales were also maintaining at its highest level since 2006,
            which have further stimulated people’s demand for home appliances.

      (2)   The European market: With the impact of the pandemic in 2020, the growth of the large-format
            home appliance market recorded was 3.9%. This included a 3.9% growth for refrigerators, a 1%
            growth for washing machines, and a 4% growth for built-in kitchen appliances.

      (3)   The South Asian and Southeast Asian markets: ① In response to the impact of the pandemic,
            the Indian government imposed a strict lockdown from late March to late June, essentially halted
            sales nationwide. According to estimates from local distributors, the industry has fallen by more
            than 25% year-on-year. ② Business activities in other regions have also been restricted by the
            government’s quarantine rules. Retail sales and retail volume both declined before gradually
            recovering in May and June.

      (4)   The Australian and New Zealand markets: ① The Australian home appliance and furniture
            market has experienced a strong short-term growth due to the stay-at-home order. Competition
            in the industry has become more intense. Enterprises have actively developed online platforms
            and continued to improve their offline shopping experience. ② The home appliance chain
            channels in New Zealand have become more concentrated, market shares of small and
            medium-sized channels continued to shrink; the proportion of online sales has increased to 5%.

      (5)   The Japanese Market: The overall sales volume in the white goods industry has dropped 2.3%
            due to the impact of Covid-19. Specifically, the refrigerator category has experienced declines in
            both sales volume and sales value, whereas the washing machine category recorded a decrease
            of 2.9% in sales volume, and an increase of 2.4% in sales value. In addition, refrigerators have
            become a top-selling category during the pandemic, achieving year-on-year growths of 53.3%
            and 42.5% in terms of sales volume and sales value respectively (data from GFK).




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   27
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Industry Summary for 2020 (continued)
     (3)   Industry Outlook for 2021
           The Chinese Market: Various industries are expected to show trends of recovery in 2021. ①
           Refrigerator: The industry is expected to increase in both volume and revenue. Replacement demand
           due to structural upgrades will further expand market size. The refrigerator market is expected to
           achieve single digit growth in retail sales in 2021. The export market is expected to grow at a slower
           rate due to a high base over the same period. ② Washing machine: The domestic retail market and
           the export market are both expected to show positive growths. The domestic washing machine market
           is still in the process of recovery while products continue to innovate towards the directions of healthy
           laundry and the integration of “laundry + garment care”. Meanwhile, emerging categories such as
           clothes dryers and tumble dryers are meeting users’ current pursuit of quality living and are therefore
           expanding rapidly. ③ Residential air-conditioner: Volume and sales revenue are both expected to
           increase. Due to the expected macroeconomic recovery in 2021 and the low base over the same
           period, coupled with the rise in the average price of products, the air-conditioner segment is expected
           to achieve double-digit growths in both retail volume and retail revenue; exports are expected to
           continue the growth trend since the second quarter of 2020.④ In addition, the water heater market will
           see the dawn of recovery, the growth rate of the offline market is expected to be higher than that of
           the online market due to a low base over the same period, and growth in the online market is
           expected to slow down. ⑤The overall size of the kitchen appliance market will rebound from 2020, on
           one hand, although the control policies for the real estate market are tightening, the proportion of
           second-hand housing transactions are on the rise, which will drive the volume as well as quality growth
           of the kitchen appliance category; on the other hand, emerging categories such as dishwashers,
           integrated cookers and built-in integrated cookers will continue to see fast-growing trends.

           The Global Market: Looking ahead to 2021, the long-term demand for home appliances as necessity
           goods remains stable. As many countries around the world are gradually resuming economic and
           social activities, and the pandemic is expected to be contained with the widespread application of
           vaccines, growth shall pick up in the global retail market of home appliances. According to
           Euromonitor’s data forecast, the global market size for large-format home appliances (excluding 3C
           products) in 2021 will rebound to over RMB3 trillion, with a year-on-year increase of about 4%.




28   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis
In 2020, the Group pressed ahead with our IoT smart home strategy and continued to expand our leading
position in the global market, achieving an annual total revenue of RMB209.70 billion, an increase of 5.9%.
Revenue for the fourth quarter was at RMB55.3 billion, an increase of 9.5%. As COSMOPlat business was
disposed of at the end of September 2020, revenue of the fourth quarter of 2020 no longer consolidates the
business. If excluding the disposed business on the fourth quarters of 2019, revenue should have grown
8.3% annually and 20% in the fourth quarter. The revenue growth was driven by progress in both our
domestic and overseas businesses, among which, the smart home business in China achieved a revenue of
RMB98.86 billion, an increase of 6.6%, while the second half of the year increased by 18.5%. The growth
was due to the Group’s ongoing development of leading set products, Casarte’s efforts in continuously
expanding its high-end market share, deepening retail transformation and optimizing efficiency. Oversea
home appliance and smart home business achieved a revenue of over RMB100 billion, an increase of 8.3%,
while the second half of the year increased by 15.8%. The growth was attributed to the Group’s
premiumization strategy as well as our focus on operational capacity enhancement for localized R&D,
production and sales. Under the challenges of the pandemic, our “Rendanheyi Model (人 單 合 一)” has
ensured swift response from our micro entrepreneur in various regions. Relying on our global procurement,
supply chain and R&D platforms, we have also fully leveraged our edge in global resource deployment and
overcome the adverse impacts from external environment, hence resulting in the achievement of sustainable
business development.

The Group achieved net profit from continuing operation of RMB11.32 billion with a growth rate of 25.5%
and the net profit attributable to owner of the Company were RMB8.88 billion with a growth rate of 8.17%.
The net profit attributable to the owners of the Company in the fourth quarter reached RMB2.58 billion, a
record high over the same period in previous years. Profit growth for the year was driven by growth in
revenue and optimization of expenses. Our gross profit margin was 29.01%, a decrease of 0.59 percentage
points year-on-year. The decrease was driven by the impact from COVID 19, which resulted in a 1.7
percentage points lower gross profit margin in the first half. With the rapid recovery of topline growth, the
increased proportion of Casarte as well as the product mix optimization in oversea market, the gross profit
margin in the second half rebounded by 0.3 percentage points. Total sales and management expenses
dropped 1.2 percentage points. In particular, China region has achieved an efficiency enhancement through
four restructuring and six digital transformations. Overseas region has achieved expense ratio optimization by
improving economies of scale and refining operations.

The Group’s annual net cash flow from operating activities was RMB17.60 billion, an increase of 16.68%.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   29
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     During the reporting period, the business operations of the Group’s segments were as follows:

     (I)   Smart Home Business in China
           Under the dire challenge of a 11.9% retail sales decline in China’s white goods and kitchen appliance
           industry, our smart home business in China has grown against the downward trend in 2020. Our
           competitiveness and industry-leading position have been further strengthened. Revenue from the
           domestic home appliance segment reached RMB98.863 billion, a year-on-year increase of 6.6%.
           Operating profit grew 8.5%. Our retail shares in various industries continued to rise. At the same time,
           our high-end brand Casarte achieved a net revenue of RMB8.7 billion, a year-on-year increase of 17%,
           among which the growth of the fourth quarter recorded 35%.

           The Group’s business growth has been driven by the introduction of smart set products that
           spearheaded innovations; the use of a unified warehousing and distribution system and the Yilihuo
           information tool that optimized inventory and improved channel efficiency; the active expansion of our
           high-end brand Casarte’s product portfolio and market share; and the continuous deepening of our
           digital transformation efforts.

           1.     Household Food Solutions
                  (1) Refrigerators and Freezers
                      According to the retail data of CMM, the refrigerator industry had a retail volume of 32.57
                      million units in 2020, down 3.6% year-on-year; its retail value was at RMB91.2 billion, down
                      3.3% year-on-year. Looking back at the whole year, the refrigerator industry was heavily
                      affected by the pandemic from the beginning of the year till May, and began to recover
                      strongly in the second half of the year. Growth in retail sales has improved significantly in
                      major domestic retail channels in the second half of the year. A surge in overseas orders
                      also supported the rebound of domestic production. Haier has continued to strengthen our
                      position as a global leader in the refrigerator industry. Through continuous technology
                      innovation and iteration of product features, we provided users with health-oriented,
                      intelligent and stylish solutions for fresh food storage, thereby leading the consumption
                      upgrades of the industry. In 2020, the Group’s domestic refrigerator business achieved
                      revenue of RMB34.383 billion, an increase of 5%; During the period, according to CMM’s
                      report, the Group’s shares of online and offline retail sales in the domestic market reached
                      36% and 39% respectively, representing increases of 2.2 and 1.9 percentage points; our
                      shares of online and offline retail volume reached 30% and 36% respectively, representing
                      increases of 3 and 3.6 percentage points.

                         Influenced by the pandemic, users have been increasingly conscious about healthy eating.
                         At the same time, as users were spending more time at home, they had higher demands
                         on the long-lasting freshness and storage capacity of refrigerators.




30   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
      1.   Household Food Solutions (continued)
           (1) Refrigerators and Freezers (continued)
               Based on researches on the storage and nutrition of all kinds of food ingredients, the
               refrigerator business has accumulated big data of more than 1,000 kinds of ingredients and
               formulated a smart fresh-keeping algorithm, which could automatically calculate and adjust
               the temperature of the refrigerator according to the types of ingredients recorded by the
               user, so as to maintain maximum freshness. At the same time, we have established a
               variety of ways to manage food ingredients. Through multiple channels such as the
               refrigerator screen, smart voice, the Smart Home APP, etc. Users could manage
               ingredients in the refrigerator according to their own habits, and check the status of the
               ingredients in the refrigerator anytime and anywhere to ensure the freshness and timely
               use.

                In terms of capacity expansion, the refrigerator business has integrated cabinet design to
                enable the full opening of refrigerator doors at 90° angles, which has greatly expanded the
                capacity of the refrigerator. In particular, Casarte’s refrigerator introduced a new “seamless
                built-in model” with the innovative design of heat dissipation across the bottom of the
                fridge. Users no longer had to reserve space for heat dissipation, thus enabling the
                seamless fitting of the refrigerator into a cabinet without clearance space. This effectively
                fulfilled users’ demand for the integration of furniture and home appliances, and instilled
                elegance and imagination into the kitchen space. It also greatly boosted the storage
                capacity of the refrigerator in a given space. Casarte’s “seamless built-in model” has won
                international design awards including the iF Design Award and the Red Dot Design Award.
                This design also helped Casarte’s refrigerator to achieve a total annual share of 12.3% in
                retail sales, which was an increase of 2.1 percentage points year-on-year. Specifically, its
                market share above RMB10,000 has reached 37%, representing an increase of 5.4
                percentage points.

                The refrigerator business has built on the advantages of the global supply chain to achieve
                rapid growth in the export business. As the overseas supply chains were more heavily
                impacted by the pandemic, recovery was rather slow, leading to a supply shortage in the
                market. This coupled with the closure of offline sales outlets and users’ extended time at
                home, the demand for refrigerators and freezers from overseas users has continued to
                surge. The domestic supply chain on the other hand has recovered swiftly after the
                pandemic was brought under control in Mainland China, which has led to a rapid growth in
                the export of refrigerators. According to demand changes in major regions in the overseas
                market, we have promptly adjusted channel strategies and partnership models as well as
                expanding collaboration channels, resulting in rapid growths in various regions. The
                refrigerator export business had an annual growth of close to 60%.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   31
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           1.     Household Food Solutions (continued)
                  (1) Refrigerators and Freezers (continued)
                      During the year, the Group has continued to push forward a global and efficient system for
                      synergies between production and sales. In terms of procurement, we have intensified the
                      collaborative relationships with local strategic partners and optimized our supply chain
                      systems, thereby efficiently responded to local demands. In terms of manufacturing, we
                      have implemented smart production scheduling and flexible manufacturing systems, so as
                      to maximize capacity utilization through continuously improving our manufacturing
                      efficiency.

                  (2)   Kitchen appliances
                        In 2020, China’s kitchen appliance segment recorded a revenue of RMB2.772 billion, a
                        year-on-year increase of 13.8%. Revenue from Casarte’s kitchen appliances grew 79%,
                        with the number doubling for four consecutive months from September to December, hence
                        displaying strong momentum in development and growth potential. In terms of market
                        share, our share of domestic retail sales reached 6% with an increase of 1 percentage
                        point year-on-year; market share in the high-end segment (price range above RMB5,000)
                        grew 0.9 percentage points.

                         The Group has created “smart and healthy” kitchen and living experience through
                         continuously developing global collaborations. The kitchen appliance business has
                         achieved market breakthrough with its original East meets West technology, bringing a
                         variety of healthy cooking styles from around the world into Chinese kitchens, and building
                         user reputation through experiential marketing. Leveraging our robust R&D capabilities and
                         solid experience in kitchen appliances around the globe, the Group’s kitchen appliance
                         business has continued to integrate technology resources from GEA, Fisher & Paykel and
                         Candy in the kitchen appliance field, and established the GFC global R&D alliance. During
                         the period, the kitchen appliance business launched a series of smart kitchen appliance
                         products that integrated leading technologies and modules from various regions around the
                         world. We released four pioneering standards, including constant air volume, medical-grade
                         disinfection technology, smart home and garbage disposal unit, which have effectively
                         supported the rapid development of the smart air series of range hoods and the Casarte
                         medical-grade disinfection cabinets.




32   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                     Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
      1.   Household Food Solutions (continued)
           (2) Kitchen appliances (continued)
               At the same time, Casarte’s kitchen appliances have achieved breakthrough in the high-end
               market, which has effectively strengthened the brand awareness for its kitchen appliances.
               By effectively solving users’ pain points, creating differentiated experience, and
               accumulating user reputation, the newly launched Casarte C5+ set products and the Haier
               “double defense” set products have raised the bar for the industry’s products and
               technologies. Casarte C5+ Gourmet set products have enhanced user experience through
               pioneering technologies in various product categories: ① The constant air volume range
               hood pioneers a smart 12-square technology, which is not restricted by the wind pressure
               in high-rise and is not affected by exhaust ducts, hence offering constant ventilation that
               creates a smoke-free cooking environment. ② Casarte’s three-burner stove accounted for
               half of the three-burner stove market. It is equipped with features that enable one key
               control rice cooking, smart temperature control, linkage between stove and range hood,
               etc., thus providing convenient cooking experience. ③ As the industry’s first medical-grade
               disinfection cabinet, the C5+ disinfection cabinet can kill 10 kinds of pathogenic bacteria
               with intelligent tracking and auto sterilization, thus exceeding the industry’s two-star
               standard which can only kill 2 kinds of pathogens. It has also won the annual disinfection
               technology leadership award. ④ Combining GE Appliances’ century-old dry-heat cooking
               technology and Fisher & Paykel’s moist-heat cooking technology, the C5+ oven can
               achieve dual control of temperature and humidity, so as to create culinary delicacies that
               are evenly roasted and tenderly braised. ⑤ Building on Candy’s water-steam separation
               technology, the C5+ steamer features an innovative water-steam dual-circulation system,
               which can achieve 110℃ high-temperature steaming and multi-layer steaming through pure
               steam, thereby preserving the freshness and flavor of ingredients, allowing users to eat
               fresh and healthy. ⑥ The C5+ integrated steam oven enables a fifth cooking method of
               simultaneous steaming and roasting, which can shorten cooking time and produce more
               tasteful dishes.

                The Group’s kitchen appliances recorded an export revenue growth of 51%, which was
                mainly due to the strong growth in the Haier brand of kitchen appliances in markets such
                as Russia and the Philippines.

                By adopting large-scale centralized production, encouraging module manufacturers to build
                local factories, and implementing lean production and refinement upgrades of technologies,
                the kitchen appliance factories have effectively reduced procurement costs, improved
                delivery speed and enhanced production efficiency during the period.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   33
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           1.     Household Food Solutions (continued)
                  (3) The Food Ecosystem
                      With the increasing consumer demand for food quality, convenience in cooking and food
                      safety, the Food Ecosystem has built on its intelligent hardware platform and alliance
                      resources, to provide users a healthy eating experience of pre-made products through IoT
                      technologies, standardization of culinary skills & dishes and digitization of cooking
                      algorithms. The relationship between the Group and our users has gradually transformed
                      from the previous one-off selling of tangible products to the high-frequency sharing of
                      gourmet products. User loyalty has been greatly enhanced.

                         In terms of R&D of smart hardware products, the Food Network has upgraded the smart
                         steam oven three times. The product is equipped with eight key functions such as dual
                         temperature sensors and precise temperature control. It can take into account a variety of
                         cooking modes and customization of ingredients. The smart cooking mode can be
                         activated at the touch of a button. The smart refrigerator can offer recipe recommendation
                         and purchase of ingredients. It can also be linked to the steam oven to bring out the
                         genuine flavor of the food through digital precision in the cooking process.

                         In terms of alliance resources, the Group has partnered with partners including the Chinese
                         Cuisine Association to set up the Haier Food Ecosystem Alliance. Together, we created a
                         smart food ecosystem platform, turning recipes of famous chefs into “home cooked
                         dishes”. The gourmet experience and user reputation gained from the platform also
                         supported the sales of the Group’s smart products. For instance, the Group and resource
                         partners have jointly developed the “Peking Roast Duck” recipe. After receiving the
                         semi-finished product (duck embryo), users can scan the exclusive QR code to trace the
                         breeding time, growth condition and quarantine status of the duck. All they have to do is to
                         put the ingredients into the smart oven, and the oven would be automatically adjusted to
                         the matching temperature and cooking time. No additional manual operation is required,
                         and the resulting dish would be cooked to a higher standard. The duck embryos can also
                         be purchased with a single click through the Smart Home App or the refrigerator screen. In
                         response to the market demand from those who could not return home for New Year’s Eve
                         dinner with family under the call for celebrating Chinese New Year in situ, the Group has
                         launched the “Reunion Dinner” package, bringing together 18 dishes from six major
                         cuisines, which has achieved retail sales of 15,000 package sets and 120,000 dishes
                         during the Spring Festival.




34   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                      Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
      2.   Household Clothing Solutions
           (1) Washing Machine Business
               As impacted by Covid-19 as well as the complex and volatile international environment,
               China’s economy was put to severe tests in multiple aspects in 2020. According to the
               market research report published by CMM, the annual retail volume and retail value of
               China’s domestic washing machine market dropped 9.3% and 6.5% respectively. In view of
               the sluggish performance of the industry as a whole, the Group’s washing machine
               business has reacted swiftly to market changes. By fully leveraging the strengths of our
               brand portfolio and actively pushing forward digital transformation throughout our entire
               process, we achieved strong growth against the downward trend and improved operational
               efficiency. During the period, the Group’s washing machine business achieved a net
               revenue of RMB25.985 billion, representing an increase of 6.3%. While maintaining our
               leading position, our market share continued to grow, reaching 40.22% in the offline
               market, representing a rise of 3.89 percentage points year-on-year; and a share of 39.9%
               in the online market, a year-on-year increase of 3.5 percentage points. According to
               statistics from Euromonitor International, Haier’s washing machine has been the world’s No.
               1 brand for 12 consecutive years in terms of retail volume, which reached 16.3% of total
               market share, 1.2 percentage points higher than that of 2019. Casarte’s domestic offline
               share reached 12.2%, an increase of 3 percentage points year-on-year, making it one of
               the top three brands in the washing machine market; Leader on the other hand reaped an
               online share of 5.1%, ranking among the top five washing machine brands in the online
               market.

                During the period, people’s demand for washing machine products continued to develop
                towards the direction of health-conscious, personalized, smart and scenario-based. As an
                industry leader, Haier washing machine continued to focus on user needs, promoting
                industry upgrades through technological innovation and product iterations.

                The growing health consciousness fueled by the pandemic has driven an accelerated
                upgrade and evolution of products in the washing machine industry. Centered around
                health and care, partition washing products were favored by users and became one of the
                hottest trends in product upgrades; meanwhile, healthy laundry features with various
                sterilization methods such as high temperature, silver ions, ultraviolet rays and ozone also
                gained popularity rapidly. Haier washing machine continued to capture market share in
                partition washers through the Casarte Twin Tasker series. We also leveraged the trend of
                healthy laundry and developed the pioneering self-initiative disinfection technology. The
                Yunxi and Xianmu top-load washers would generate deep ultraviolet light automatically
                during the laundry process, thus achieving auto sterilization without additional electricity
                consumption. During the period, the shares of top-load and front-load washers in terms of
                offline retail volume have reached 43.5% and 39.4% respectively, representing increases of
                3.3 and 4.3 percentage points year-on-year.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   35
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           2.     Household Clothing Solutions (continued)
                  (1) Washing Machine Business (continued)
                      In view of the trend of demand segmentation, the Group has performed deep dive analysis
                      on the market demand of different user groups. In response to the growing demand for
                      care and color protection of high-end fabrics, the Group launched the BlingBling colored
                      apparel washer, an innovative product programmed with various modes of detergent usage
                      to facilitate the restoration of the original color of clothing in just one click. Since the
                      launch of the colored apparel washer, our online market sales have increased rapidly and
                      successfully drove a 9% year-on-year increase in our market share of washers priced over
                      RMB6,000. In addition, based on the waist protection needs of female users while doing
                      housework, the washing machine business launched the Washer for mothers, which
                      successfully led to a 2.9% year-on-year increase in the market share of top-load products
                      in the price range of RMB2,700–4,000.

                         At the same time, the washing machine business has spearheaded the growing trend of
                         smart products. The Casarte’s Air Wash has upgraded from the initial variable-temperature
                         steam Air Wash, to an Air Wash that integrated sterilization, wrinkle removal, odor removal,
                         and humidity removal, as well as enhanced fluffiness in one machine. The Air Wash
                         procedure could be customized precisely according to different fabric and needs, hence
                         fulfilling user needs for high-end laundry in an intelligent way.

                         In terms of overseas exports, the growth of the washing machine business has slowed in
                         the first half of the year due to the impact of the pandemic. However, benefiting from the
                         Group’s global strength of the “three in one” localized deployment and our product
                         competitiveness, our export revenue has achieved rapid growth in the second half of the
                         year, thus leading to an annual revenue growth of 40% in overseas markets. In the U.S.
                         market, the healthy laundry product first launched in the region was favored by users due
                         to its differentiated features, resulting in an increase of 4 percentage points in the market
                         share of front-load washers and enhanced our market position. In Japan, the AQUA
                         ultrasonic project focused on mid-range to high-end products in the variable-frequency
                         series, which were highly effective in cleaning collars and cuffs and unlikely to damage
                         clothing fibers. Although the industry declined 4%, our variable-frequency series achieved
                         growth against the negative trend and recorded a gain of 4 percentage points in market
                         share. In the European market, we continued to focus on high-end brands, featuring
                         high-end front-load washers and highly profitable products, and has enhanced our market
                         scale and overall profitability.




36   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
      2.   Household Clothing Solutions (continued)
           (1) Washing Machine Business (continued)
               During the period, the washing machine business has achieved double breakthroughs in
               terms of production capacity and efficiency, and continued to push forward our
               super-factories project. Through betting with suppliers as well as centralizing product
               models, production modules and manufacturing sites, we raised the efficiency of product
               models and reduced the whole-machine cost. In addition, the washing machine business
               has advanced operational efficiency and optimized organizational structure through the
               digitization of channels. We also reduced labor costs and improved production efficiency
               through self-made equipment and automation. With the implementation of the
               interconnected factories project, the automated, intelligent and visualized production
               capacities of our factories have been strengthened. Through the collection and modeling of
               big data from users, our production decision-making capability and efficiency have been
               further enhanced.

           (2)   Internet of Clothing
                 Haier’s Internet of Clothing has actively promoted cross-sectoral collaborations with laundry
                 detergent, apparel and footwear manufacturers, so as to create an ecosystem for the
                 laundry industry.

                 During the period, to address users’ needs for personalized care of high-end clothing
                 fabrics, the Internet of Clothing has joint hands with leading resource brands in the laundry
                 detergent market to create the first ink cartridge washing machine. This ecological solution
                 of ink cartridge laundry has won the recognition of users for its advanced technology
                 including personalized laundry programs, precise and smart detergent dispensing and
                 detergent smart purchase, coupled with convenient service experience.

                 Besides, as there is an increased awareness on household disinfection after the outbreak of
                 Covid-19, timely and effective disinfection, sterilization and storage of footwear have
                 become users’ pain points. The Internet of Clothing has collaborated with resource partners
                 in footwear laundry services, sporting goods chain brands and footwear brands to
                 co-create a complete-scenario experience for the washing, caring, storage and
                 customization of footwear.

                 During the outbreak of Covid-19, the Internet of Clothing has provided a complete scenario
                 for household pandemic prevention solutions, covering the scenarios of going home, staying
                 at home and on commute, hence offering users a one-stop solution for health protection,
                 which have greatly boosted user demand for upgrading related smart home appliances, and
                 generated enthusiasm for shopping with ecosystem resource partners such as laundry
                 detergent.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   37
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           3.     Household Air Solutions
                  The air conditioning segment in China has achieved revenue of RMB25.506 billion, an increase of
                  8.6%.

                  (1)   Household air conditioners
                        The residential air conditioning business has focused primarily on health-conscious and
                        intelligent products. It has led the industry to transform from distribution-based to
                        retail-based, actively expanded the integration of offline networks and online channels, and
                        pushed forward the construction of engineering channels, which have effectively increased
                        growth in our retail shares. In terms of market share, both offline and online shares have
                        achieved growths against negative trends, with offline share of retail sales standing at
                        14.7%, an increase of 2.2 percentage points; and online share of retail sales standing at
                        11.2%, an increase of 2.4 percentage points. Meanwhile, we have continued to expand
                        Casarte’s air conditioning product portfolio to stimulate structural upgrades and growth of
                        scale.

                         The household air conditioning business has formulated a number of health-boosting air
                         conditioning standards, such as sterilization cabin and air purification, and has applied for a
                         total of 4,881 invention patents and 609 international patents. The residential air
                         conditioning business has successively launched the “Thor” self-cleaning air conditioner
                         with 56℃ sterilization, the “3D sterilization cabin” series of whole-house healthy-air air
                         conditioner, and the “New Species” air-washing air conditioner and purifier. In particular, the
                         “sterilization cabin” series of air conditioners have adopted a triple sterilization technology
                         with the use of water, heat and electricity. They provide a bacteria removal rate of 99%,
                         thus completely solving the pain point of dirty air blow from air conditioners, and have
                         received unanimous praise from users during the pandemic. The market share of
                         sterilization air conditioners has reached 56.6%. Drawing on the principles of aero engines,
                         the world’s first air-washing air conditioner is installed with a high-speed centrifugal
                         waterfall curtain system to achieve a differentiated experience of purification, humidification,
                         oxygenation, sterilization, air blow positioning and voice interaction. It can achieve the effect
                         of air washing once every hour, hence offering clean, fresh and healthy air to users. Since
                         its launch in the market, the air-washing air conditioner has continuously captured the
                         largest share in the price segment above RMB14,000.

                         Casarte’s air conditioner has achieved revenue growth of 27% through expanding its
                         product portfolio and touch-points. In 2020, set products for Casarte’s residential air
                         conditioner have increased the Galaxy series. In terms of market share, our share in the
                         price segment above RMB15,000 has reached 46.9%, an increase of 6.27 percentage
                         points year-on-year; our high-end market share of hanging machines priced above
                         RMB4,000 and standing machines priced above RMB10,000 has reached 16.6%,
                         representing an increase of 3.8 percentage points.




38   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                         Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
      3.   Household Air Solutions (continued)
           (1) Household air conditioners (continued)
               The Group’s residential air conditioner had export revenue growth of 21%. In overseas
               markets, we have increased market share through continuous channel expansion and the
               launch of innovative products. We have also flexibly leveraged online marketing to propel
               enhancement of our localized competitiveness. At the same time, our domestic factories
               have resumed production in the first moments to ensure fulfillment of order demands in key
               markets as well as supporting the development of proprietary brand overseas.

           (2)   Commercial air conditioners
                 Benefiting from the swift control of the pandemic and the resumption of work and
                 production in Mainland China, the commercial air conditioning industry has shown gradual
                 recovery, and we outperformed the industry with double digit revenue growth.

                 With 61% market share in magnetic levitation products, we continue to lead the industry in
                 energy efficiency solutions, we also launched the industry’s first smart and energy efficient
                 solution using IoT based VRF units developed clean energy products in anticipation of the
                 surge in demand association with the switch from coal towards electricity.

                 Our air conditioning business has focused on featuring products that are health-boosting,
                 energy saving and intelligent, thereby offering healthy and convenient experience for users.
                 During the period, in response to users’ continuous concern on health, the commercial air
                 conditioning business has launched the Healthy Air Conditioner, and introduced the
                 industry’s first central conditioner with sterilization cabinet while continued the iteration of
                 maglev units with a large cooling capacity. We also made breakthrough in smart air solution
                 for commercial properties, developed identification technology for central air conditioners,
                 IoT based control system that could potentially save users’ cost by over 50%.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   39
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           4.     Household Water Solutions
                  (1) Water heater business
                      The water heater and water purifier business has committed to providing users with safe,
                      smart and comfortable whole-house water usage solutions. In 2020, although the pandemic
                      situation has suppressed some offline consumer demand, the stay-at-home economy driven
                      by social distancing has stimulated the growth of online traffic which further unlocked
                      demands from lower tier markets. Haier’s water heater and water purifier business has
                      seized the opportunity and embraced the trend for health-boosting and intelligent home
                      appliances. We continued to upgrade product features, and achieved a revenue of
                      RMB10.217billion, a growth of 6.5% year-on-year.

                         During the period, the water heater status in the industry has further enhanced, ranking first
                         in the overall industry. Our market shares also further increased, reaching 23.9% and
                         27.3% for offline and online markets respectively, representing year-on-year growths of
                         3.4% and 3.2%. In the high-end market, Casarte achieved a revenue growth of 80%, its
                         market share also further grew by 4.2%. The Leader brand developed momentum in both
                         online and offline markets through the Yellow Duckling IP, which has successfully captured
                         the hearts and minds of young users, and realized a substantial increase in market share.

                         As revenue grew rapidly, the water heater business has continued to optimize costs and
                         expenses, including streamlining SKUs, focusing resources on projects with high
                         input-output ratio, etc., so as to effectively improve profitability. During the period, although
                         the level of profit margin was impacted by the pandemic in the first half of the year, it has
                         shown significant improvement in the second half of the year.

                         As an industry-leading brand, Haier electric water heater has committed to solving user
                         pain points and meeting user needs. According to information from CMM, the online and
                         offline market shares of the Group’s electric water heater in terms of retail value were
                         37.7% and 36.5% respectively, representing year-on-year growths of 4.7% and
                         8%respectively. During the period, Haier electric water heater launched three leading
                         technologies: variable-frequency instantaneous heating technology, AI artificial intelligence
                         technology and water purifying technology, thereby bringing users large-capacity, intelligent
                         and healthy bathing experience. At present, products with water purification features have
                         accounted for more than 70% of Haier’s electric water heaters. In particular, Casarte’s
                         Tianmu SPA series even provided users with unlimited hot water and a relaxing bathing
                         experience for the whole family. At the same time, backed by Haier’s AI artificial
                         intelligence technology and the U+ big data platform, Haier electric water heaters not only
                         provided users with smart water usage, they could also serve as smart network devices
                         connecting with the bathroom or the entire house, hence bringing users a future living
                         experience. Haier electric water heater’s outstanding product innovation capabilities and
                         stylish designs also received international recognitions, with Casarte’s electric heater
                         Tianquan SPA winning the AWE Outstanding Product Award.




40   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
      4.   Household Water Solutions (continued)
           (1) Water heater business (continued)
               Haier gas water heaters also achieved exceptional performance during the period. Retail
               sales of the Group’s gas water heaters skyrocketed by nearly 100% during the 618
               Festival, and rose over 60% during the Double 11 Festival. According to information from
               CMM, the online and offline market shares of the Group’s gas water heater in terms of
               retail value in 2020 were 16.3% and 15.6% respectively, representing year-on-year
               increases of 1.7 and 4 percentage points. During the period, the newly launched
               double-booster zero-cold-water product TR7 has overturned users’ concerns on gas heater
               products, such as poor at maintaining constant temperature, poor wind resistance and high
               safety concerns. The product has received unanimous praise from the industry and users
               upon its release, leading to a two-fold increase in our market share of products priced
               below RMB5,000. The closed and stable core combustion technology adopted by the
               product also received the China Patent Excellence Award, marking the only “Nobel-class”
               patent in the China’s gas heating industry in the past 40 years. Besides, Haier formulated
               the “special requirements for domestic instantaneous gas water heater with preheating
               function”, a group standard for zero-cold-water product, which has become the industry
               benchmark for zero-cold-water technology. On 8 June 2020, Haier gas water heater CX3
               was selected and certified by the China Household Electric Appliance Research Institute as
               the industry’s “seven-star smart” gas water heater. As driven by industry-leading
               zero-cold-water waterfall washing products in the Casarte CR6 series, growth of Casarte’s
               gas heater products has doubled.

                 During the period, Haier air power has accelerated the pace of R&D for products with
                 health-boosting features such as high water temperature and sterilization. Meanwhile, it has
                 dominated the industry’s offline retail with an annual cumulative share of over 55%, and
                 ranked first in the industry’s online market with a 48% share. Its market share in the
                 high-end product segment priced above RMB10,000 has grown 25%. Among the TOP10
                 best-selling model rankings of air-powered water heaters, Haier owned nine of them, thus
                 completely dominated the industry.

           (2)   Water purifier business
                 According to CMM’s retail monitoring report, growth in online retail sales for the overall
                 industry has increased by 32.4%, Haier continued to lead the industry with an
                 outperformed growth of 41.1%, which ranked first in the market and achieved a 0.8%
                 year-on-year growth in market share; growth in offline retail sales for the overall industry
                 has dropped by 22.8%, and Haier recorded a growth of 8.8% against the downward trend,
                 which was the only brand among the five top-ranked brands to achieve positive retail
                 growth, with a year-on-year increase of 3.8 percentage points in market share.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   41
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           4.     Household Water Solutions (continued)
                  (2) Water purifier business (continued)
                      According to CMM, in terms of household point-of-use water purification, Haier water
                      purification products recorded an online retail market share of 13.2% and took the first
                      place in the industry; growth in offline market reached 7%, which was the only brand
                      among the top five brands to achieve positive growth. In terms of whole-house water
                      purification, through the provision of smart, differentiated set products of whole-house
                      water solutions, Haier water purification achieved sales of over 11,000 sets of products
                      under the whole-house centralized water purification and softening scenario, and over
                      46,000 sets of products under the living room water purification and drinking scenario.
                      Meanwhile, building on BWT’s brand reputation in the high-end whole-house water usage
                      segment, the Haier and BWT joint venture company has successfully launched partnerships
                      with renowned real estate developers in Mainland China on whole-house water usage
                      engineering projects.

                         During the period, in response to users’ demand for differentiated water quality, the water
                         purification business has primarily focused on the promotion of high-end mineral water
                         purifiers from the Casarte’s Yunjing series. The product series provided solutions for
                         mineral water that contains strontium to meet the health needs of users. The products have
                         attracted widespread attention and user purchases once they were launched in the market.

                  (3)   Water-related Ecosystem
                        In an effort to fulfil customers’ aspiration for better water usage in everyday lives, Haier’s
                        whole-house smart water usage solution integrated whole-house water purification, water
                        softening, water heating and home heating into a one-stop solution. In addition, Casarte’s
                        home heaters can be controlled remotely to preheat the room before the user comes
                        home, heating times can also be scheduled according to the life rhythm of the user to
                        avoid overuse, which is more energy efficient and environmental-friendly.

           5.     Operating Platform in China
                  In the face of the challenges of the pandemic in 2020, the Group has strengthened
                  collaborations with e-commerce platforms, upgraded our own Smart Home App, and intensified
                  the integration of all channels. At the same time, we have integrated with multiple resources such
                  as home furnishings and building materials to create the brand-new Smart Home experience
                  store.




42   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                        Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
      5.   Operating Platform in China (continued)
           Smart Home experience stores offered displays and sales of complete sets of products that
           revolved around the scenarios of clothing, food, living and entertainment. The stores have
           evolved from focusing solely on product sales to one-stop shops that provide design services
           before sales, immersed experience during sales, and maintenance services after sales. Building
           on our increasingly strengthened capacities on smart scenario deployment, as well as the full
           integration of the above-mentioned resources, the Group has rolled out the new ecosystem
           scenario brand “Three-Winged Bird” during the year, which focuses on providing users
           whole-process smart home solutions, hence charting a new development path for the Group.

           During the period, the Group has made significant progress in the following areas. In terms of
           e-commerce channel, the Group has responded to users’ growing demand for online
           consumption by actively expanding our product offerings on e-commerce channels and
           strengthening our brand-building strategies. At the same time, we have made use of digital tools
           to enhance content marketing and engage users in high-frequency interactions, which effectively
           improved user loyalty and conversions. During the period, the Group’s overall e-commerce retail
           sales have increased 39.2% to 52.2 billion, ranking first in the industry. Specifically, according to
           CMM’s monitoring data, Haier’s share of online retail sales has reached 22.4% during the
           Double 11 Shopping Festival, which ranked first in the large-format home appliance segment. In
           addition, the Group’s high-end products have attained an increasing proportion in the online
           market, user satisfaction also continued to improve, which maintained our leading standard in the
           market. In terms of commercial channel, the Group has focused on whole-house smart home
           projects and commercial projects. Building on our whole-process service capabilities, we
           established an operational system that ensured “zero missing demand, timely order delivery, and
           service without distance”, hence achieving rapid growths in multiple product categories. In
           particular, through the brand mix of Casarte and GEA, the kitchen appliance business has
           achieved rapid growth with project coverage in multiple price segments. In terms of franchise
           store channel, due to the impact of the pandemic in the overall consumer market, sales revenue
           dipped in the first half of the year with a clear rebound in the second half. Major categories such
           as freezer and refrigerator, washing machine and water heater have all achieved growth higher
           than the industry.

           During the reporting period, the Group has continued the roll out of the “Three-Winged Bird”
           scenario brand, continuously enriched the Smart Home experience cloud, promoted the
           integration of online and offline channels, and enhanced our refined operational capabilities with
           the help of digital platforms.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   43
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           5.     Operating Platform in China (continued)
                  First of all, we provided one-stop customized services based on the “Three-Winged
                  Bird” scenario brand.

                  Building on our solid experience in the development of smart and high-end set products as well
                  as our extensive network of ecosystem resources, the Group has redefined our consumption
                  scenarios, and launched the new brand scenario “Three-Winged Bird” in September 2020 that
                  revolved around the needs of a “home”, offering complete scenario-based smart home solutions
                  to users for balconies, kitchens, living rooms, bathrooms and bedrooms. At the same time,
                  through leveraging our extensive service network resources, we have established the 1+N service
                  system. Through a single service steward and a project manager, the system enabled
                  collaboration with numerous resource partners, including home appliance service personnel, set
                  products service providers, distributors and home furnishing companies, hence providing an
                  overall one-stop solution to users that covered the service needs of home appliances, home
                  furnishings, HVAC and whole-house intelligence.

                  For example, the washing machine business has successfully developed 15 scenario-based
                  solutions around the “theme of apparel wearing”, such as the smart balcony and smart walk-in
                  closet, which have provided full life cycle garment solution services for users that integrated
                  laundry, fabric caring, garment storage, fashion mix-and-match and apparel purchasing. Taking
                  the construction of the smart balcony as an example, “Three Winged Bird” would provide
                  personalized solutions of balcony scenarios based on the needs of different users, along with
                  one-stop services that include design, construction, delivery and installations. The construction
                  could be completed in as little as three days.

                  As of the end of the year, the Group has launched 325 Three-Winged Bird 001 stores by means
                  of new construction or renovation, achieving full coverage in all core cities. The Three-Winged
                  Bird scenario-based solutions has effectively stimulated the sales of the Group’s set products
                  and achieved sales growth of 41% year-on-year, among which, the sales volume of high-end
                  intelligent set products has growth of 63.2% year-on-year.




44   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
      5.   Operating Platform in China (continued)
           Secondly, we created an experience cloud platform for the IoT era.

           Through bringing together a rich collection of online content, the Haier Smart Home App, an
           online e-commerce platform built and developed by Haier, has attracted users to watch
           live-streaming of comprehensive scenarios of clothing, food, living and entertainment. It also
           enabled interaction with users to identify their ideal solutions of home furnishing and living
           scenarios, and aroused their interests in purchasing home appliances and peripheral products.

           During the period, the Smart Home App received an average of 1.206 million daily active users
           and 24.8 million monthly active users, representing skyrocket increases of 546% and 803%
           year-on-year respectively. In particular, the experience cloud crowd live-streaming has provided
           users with scenario-based solutions through live streaming upon its launch. Throughout the year
           it has delivered over 1,000 live streaming sessions with a total of over 50 million views. In the
           App, the newly launched Living Home section has offered an interactive platform for users to
           learn smart tips on home appliances’ usage and home living. The “1+N Smart Home Renovation”
           section on the other hand has enabled integration with service resources in the ecosystem,
           which transformed pure home appliance service into comprehensive household services for home
           appliances, family and home living. Through the Smart Home App, the Group has helped 30,000
           brick and mortar stores to go online, thus enhanced users’ online and offline shopping
           experience for all types of scenarios.

           The Group used the Haier Smart Home App as a digital medium to develop our experience cloud
           platform, which was created based on the data we accumulated from the above-mentioned live
           streaming sessions, user services and user interactions. Users could share their purchasing and
           product usage tips, manage their smart home appliances through the remote system, and apply
           for after-sales services on the platform. Through the experience cloud, the Group could also
           optimize the design and development of our own products and services, focusing on the
           continuous upgrade of user experience. At the same time, the Smart Home experience cloud has
           undergone timely iterations to improve the experience of smart product usage. For example, in
           terms of scenario development, we have provided templates to collaborating manufacturer
           brands to facilitate swift service implementation. In terms of smart voice products, our experience
           cloud has established an industry-leading whole-house distributed speech standard, which could
           achieve distributed recognition on five major appliances at home, hence driving the progress of
           smart products towards the goal of “speak anytime, able to understand, smartly recognized,
           know you better”.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   45
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           5.     Operating Platform in China (continued)
                  Lastly, we fully integrated our information system to implement digital marketing and
                  enhance capacities of our franchise stores.

                  At present, the Group’s Jushanghui platform has full coverage of all franchise stores’ customers,
                  which enabled real-time visualized management of customers’ purchases, sales and inventories.
                  At the same time, the Yilihuo platform has also achieved 100% coverage of township stores, thus
                  offering a digital system for the execution of store policy, product delivery, incentives and training
                  directly at township levels. Through the popularization of the digitized channel systems, township
                  management has become more transparent, which has greatly enhanced the effectiveness of
                  marketing efforts and incentives. In addition, with the strengthening of the Group’s digital
                  management capability and the extensive coverage of unified warehousing and distributions at
                  township stores, the proportion of customer-to-manufacturer orders from township customers
                  have increased significantly, thereby optimized the number of SKUs in sinking channels and
                  accelerated inventory turnover, which has made significant contributions to the enhancements of
                  productivity and sales efficiency.

                  Meanwhile, the Group has leveraged the experienced cloud platform to enhance the digitization
                  of marketing resources. We also developed a digital platform that covered all channels and
                  scenarios based on AI precision marketing techniques for identifying, outreaching, managing and
                  tracking of users, which has substantially improved the efficiency of marketing operations. During
                  the period, the “Potential Customer Radar” has identified around 2 million potential users through
                  accurate analysis of data, thus effectively empowering user conversions.

           6.     Smart manufacturing
                  During the reporting period, the Group has spearheaded the industry with the implementation of
                  the super-factories strategy, which has driven efficiency improvement throughout the whole
                  process. First of all, the Group has deepened the application of cutting-edge technologies such
                  as 5G and edge computing, and rolled out more than 200 projects for in-depth integration of
                  advanced manufacturing technologies and new-generation artificial intelligence technologies.
                  Secondly, we established a strategic operation system for super-factories to foster collaboration
                  and interaction throughout the entire process before production, and to enable processes to be
                  digitally driven during operation, so as to ensure the achievement of production goals. Smart
                  manufacturing in super-factories could effectively improve production efficiency, and create
                  opportunities for cost optimization.




46   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                      Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(I)    Smart Home Business in China (continued)
       6.   Smart manufacturing (continued)
            During the period, the Group has constructed 16 interconnected factories. In September 2020,
            the Haier Sino-German Industrial Park won the world’s only “Industry 4.0 Award” in Germany,
            which symbolized the transformation of Haier’s smart manufacturing from lighthouse factories to
            becoming a lighthouse base. In October, three factories, including one for central air
            conditioning, have passed the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC’s
            Intelligent Manufacturing Capability Maturity Level 4 certification. In December, Haier won the
            honor of the National Intelligent Manufacturing Benchmark Enterprise due to its central air
            conditioning interconnected factories, and was the only enterprise that has two factories being
            awarded under the National Intelligent Manufacturing Benchmark.

(II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home businesses
       Faced with the pandemic in 2020, the Group relied on our “3-in-1” localized deployment in overseas
       markets, pressed ahead with our high-end brand strategy and scenario ecosystem transformation, and
       grew sales revenue to over RMB100 billion and profit to RMB4 billion against headwind with growth
       rate of 8% and 26.79% respectively. Market shares have increased across all product segments. The
       growth in business performance was mainly attributed to the following factors:

       1.   With comprehensive premium product line-ups, an extensive distribution network and direct to end
            user sales coverage, we achieved above market average growth across regions.

       2.   Localized operations supported by the global platform does not only safeguard new product
            launches, but also maintained stead supply throughout the period, contributing to overall
            resilience in our performance.

       3.   We made several breakthrough in the implementations of scenario brands strategy globally,
            including Randori community laundry in Japan, Wash pass ink cartridge laundry units in the UK,
            similar progress was made under eco brand strategy including hOn Experience Cloud Platform in
            Western Europe and Smart HQ platform in the US, all of accelerated our development in
            products, scenario based solutions and ecosystem applications with enhanced users experience.

       1.   US
            Despite the extraordinary challenges of pandemic outbreak, continued efforts have been made in
            user centric strategic implementation, brand premiumization, supply chain optimization and
            omni-channel integration ，making 2020 one of the most remarkable years in our history. In north
            America, sales revenue grew by 10% reaching RMB63.7 billion, with over 30% growth in mass
            premium brands. Meanwhile, core appliance market share went up by 1.4 percentage points with
            expansion in all categories; we also launched new product lines in small appliances and water
            heaters. Furthermore, online presence has been strengthened and eco-system related revenue
            also increased significantly.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   47
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     (II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home businesses (continued)
            1.    US (continued)
                  On manufacturing front, swift and assertive actions were taken to ensure the health and safety of
                  our employees and maintain continued service to our consumers. Measures implemented
                  including mandatory temperature check for all employees, flexibility shifts and locations, cleaning
                  and sanitization in all facilities to ensure the safety of our service technicians, almost 1,000 of our
                  salaried employees volunteered a total of 150,000 hours on our factory assembly lines to make
                  essential appliances for our users at a time when they needed us the most. Despite all the
                  difficulties, GEA’s production volume grew by 10% over the same period in 2019, with 20%
                  increase in the second half. The largest assembly line from our kitchen appliance factory in Roper
                  completed software upgrade of Proficy system, accelerating its transformation towards lean
                  production under Industrial 4.0 framework.

                  On R&D front, we work closer with colleagues in Singapore, Israel etc on HOPE innovation
                  platform for more inspiration and solutions on projects including new impeller design in AC,
                  temperature control units in microwave, data safety from smart home system; in the launch of
                  new large size front load washing machine, global collaboration and unified platform helped
                  reduce development time by 55% with 33% fewer people involved.

                  We fully understood the concern for protection and safety when consumers are using our
                  appliances to store foods and medicine, make meals for the family and fight germs on their
                  clothes and dishes, thus new front load washing machines are made with UltraFresh Vent
                  System and Microban antimicrobial technology to eliminate excess moisture & odours.
                  Meanwhile, the new multi door refrigerators are equipped with humidity control system to extend
                  the freshness of vegetables. In addition, new lines of small appliances products have been
                  successfully launched under GE, GE Profile and Cafe brands, with GE Profile Opal ice maker
                  topped home appliance and ice maker categories on Amazon member’s day. We have also
                  re-entered water heater category by becoming Costco’s exclusive partner and forming
                  partnership with plumbing industries.

                  We stay focused on increasing the connectivity of our appliances. Through our SmartHQ digital
                  platforms, our owners are able to control their environment, whether it’s their home or office. Our
                  advances in promoting connectivity and smart home also received recognition from the
                  appliances industry and consumers, including 2020 IoT CyberSecurity Breakthrough Award for
                  Device Security Solution of the Year; IoT Breakthrough Award Winner for Smart Appliance
                  Company of the Year consecutively from 2019 to 2021; the First Household Appliance Brand to
                  Achieve Golden Security Rating from UL and our UltraFresh Front Load Washers earned the
                  Good Housekeeping Seal in 2020.




48   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                        Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home businesses (continued)
       1.   US (continued)
            On distribution front, leveraging on the Group’s prior experience of doing business online, swift
            actions were taken to capture new growth opportunities with ecommerce platforms. More
            importantly, the professionalism and commitment demonstrated by our people during the
            pandemic strengthened partnership with our most important distribution partners, which does not
            only contribute to our solid performance in 2020, but also to enhance trust and closer
            cooperation to our sustained growth in the future. We also set up a new business unit
            specializing in commercial clients with particular focus on air conditioners and water heaters.

       2.   Europe
            During the reporting period, the European business of Haier achieved revenue of RMB16.5 billion,
            an increase of 8.7% year-on-year. The Group’s above industry growth was driven by 1) Fully
            leverage on prior pandemic containment and prevention experience from China, the European
            team promptly accelerated our expansion on ecommerce platforms with raised profile on social
            media, followed by accelerated online/offline integration including opening flagship stores, brand
            walls and shop-in-shops, while setting up online specialty stores to enhance brand recognition.
            2) In response to the demand generated by the pandemic, a series of products that brought
            convenience to everyday living were rolled out, including a full-space refrigerator with added
            capacity, washing machines with steam disinfection and sterilization features, large-capacity
            freezers, full range of smart kitchen appliances, and 56℃ air conditioners. 3) With early
            pandemic prevention measures that were in strict accordance with local government
            requirements, we took the lead in resuming work and production. 4) We also strengthened
            alliances with our partners, i.e., launched silence and steam cleansing washing machines
            together with detergent manufacturers; enhanced user choices and experiences of our ovens with
            grocers and online liquor platforms.

       3.   Australia & New Zealand
            Australian and New Zealand’s revenue was RMB5.98 billion, an increase of 11.71% year-on-year,
            and Haier brand grew by 69% by capturing new user demands for health and sterilization
            products with timely launch of new products including T-door refrigerator and dishwasher; while
            online revenue doubled with our initiatives in experience enhancement, product upgrade and
            premiumization.

            Strict lockdown measures have affected consumption in the first half of 2020. During the period
            from March to May, retail sales offline in New Zealand tumbled by 70–80% on average; market
            momentum started to recover as the pandemic eased off in the second half, leveraging on global
            supply chain platform, the Group seized the growth opportunity from implementing
            comprehensive integration, strengthened collaboration with upstream and downstream partners,
            sufficient supply and flexible go to market strategies.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   49
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
     (II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home businesses (continued)
            3.    Australia & New Zealand (continued)
                  Covid-19 has generated demand for large storage, sterilization, and long-lasting fresh keeping. In
                  response, the headquarters and local teams worked closely and accelerated the launch of
                  upgraded HRF565 T-door refrigerators and innovative RF605 series. We promoted wellbeing
                  scenarios in TGG/HNV channel, while launching the “Social Kitchen” dialogue on social media
                  such as Facebook and Instagram, by sharing tips in new product, healthy living and cooking with
                  users, who are drawn to the new features of our T-door refrigerator, including temperature
                  controlled zones, separated storage, and smart freshness, all of which contributed to 5.0%
                  revenue growth from refrigerator segment for the year.

            4.    South Asia
                  During the reporting period, revenue reached RMB5.47 billion, down 13.69% year-on-year.

                  (1)    In India, the lockdown from the end of March to the end of June lasted through the traditional
                         peak season for appliances sales, resulting in an industry decline of 25%. In response to
                         the new demand from the pandemic, the Group focused on products with wellbeing and
                         sterilization features, and enhanced the competitiveness with large sizes and capacities,
                         while network coverage increased by 70% and we started to produce front load washing
                         machines locally, further contributed to our brand and products competitiveness.

                  (2)    Amid industry wide decline in Pakistan, our revenue grew over 17% in local currency, this
                         was mainly attributed ① the continuous expansion of offline network and the rapid
                         development of e-commerce channels, which grew 300% during the year; ② enhancement
                         of our product portfolio that catered to the demand at different consumption levels, in
                         particular fully automatic washing machines continued to lead the market, while purifying air
                         conditioner provided users with healthy air solutions and the share of smart products also
                         increased; ③ our market share in refrigerator, household freezer, air conditioner and
                         washing machine all reached No. 1.

            5.    Southeast Asia
                  During the reporting period, revenue of RMB4.12 billion was recorded, a year-on-year increase of
                  11.26%. The Group has focused on brand differentiation marketing, expanded network coverage,
                  improve aftersales services and reduce call centre response time. We also implemented sales
                  and PC management system to improve our go to market strategies while accelerating reforms
                  towards mid to higher products on a more retail oriented network, levering on global supply
                  chain, we continued to launch new products and upgrade existing products order to capture
                  pandemic inspired demand, promote scenario based solutions and fulfil our users’ demand.




50   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                        Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)
(II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home businesses (continued)
       6.   Japan
            Revenue was RMB3.61 billion, up 11.2% year-on-year, it was driven by (1) Ongoing high-end
            brand building and optimization of product mix including the successful launch of the AQUA
            full-cabinet Delie refrigerators and our unique ultrasonic washing machine. (2) in response to
            users’ demand to keep food fresh form prolonged time at home, we promptly developed
            industry’s largest 280L freezer and 3IN2 temperature adjusted refrigerators and gained premium
            market recognition; (3) Despite the difficulty, AQUA community laundry unit consolidated its 70%
            market share through collaborating with a variety of partners, making significant progress
            towards scenario and ecosystem market leadership.

Outlook
In 2021, the Group will focus on the building of high-end, scenario and ecosystem brands, continuing to
leverage our strengths in market-leading set products, global synergies, high-end brands and the Smart
Home experience cloud platform. We will drive forward the whole process digital transformation to enhance
efficiency, and continuously expand our smart home scenario-based solutions, thereby to maintain a strong
development momentum.

1.     The Chinese market: (1) The Casarte brand will expand its competitive edge in the high-end market
       through continuous product innovation, press ahead with digital transformation to achieve whole
       process efficiency enhancement, and achieve breakthrough in the air conditioning business through
       product upgrade, channel development and marketing innovation. (2) We will accelerate the
       development of the “Three-Winged Bird” scenario brand through expanding our touch point network,
       upgrading the collection of scenarios, and building capacity for 1+N services. (3) By focusing on the
       development of ecosystem brands such as the Food Network and the Internet of Clothing, we will
       achieve breakthroughs in the number of platform users, GMV and ecosystem revenue. (4) In terms of
       smart home construction, through developing the smart home perception and decision-making system,
       we shall create a Haier Smart Home brain system that can offer interactive, reliable, thoughtful home
       services that can be accessed anywhere. Through various gateways such as the Smart Home App,
       Three-Winged Bird App, distributed speech technology and the multi-screen feature, we will create a
       smart home interactive portal that attract users’ attention.

2.     Overseas markets: (1) create premium product portfolio, with comprehensive network and direct go
       to market approach in order to consolidate leadership in all markets; (2) improve the global supply
       chain infrastructure and provide immediate smart and healthy home solutions to our local users; (3)
       upgrade our hOn platform in Europe, EVO platform in Russia, Smart HQ platform in the US in order to
       provide users with superior experience leveraged on enhanced system capabilities.

3.     We will construct fully digitalized operation systems for interconnected factories globally, aiming at
       maximum efficiency throughout the whole process, and focus on hitting the targets of precision,
       efficiency, balanced lines and full production capacity. Through the mega-factories projects, we strive
       to develop top-selling products that are most competitive in the market with the most cost-effective
       production methods.



                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   51
     Business Review




     BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
     Potential Risk
     1.    Risk of decreasing market demand due to slowdown in macroeconomic growth. As white goods
           are durable consumer appliances, the level of users income and their expectations of future income
           growth will have an impact on their willingness to purchase products. A slowdown in macroeconomic
           growth causing the decline in the purchasing power of users would have a negative impact on industry
           growth. In addition, a slowdown in real estate market would also have some negative impact on
           market demand, which will indirectly affect end-user demand for home appliances.

     2.    Risk of price war due to intensify industry competition. The white goods industry is highly
           competitive with a high degree of product homogeneity and industry concentration has increased in
           recent years. However, the increase in industry inventory capacity in individual sub-sectors due to the
           imbalance between supply and demand may lead to risks such as price wars. Furthermore, due to
           rapid technological advancements, scarce talents in the industry, shortened product life cycles and
           ease of imitation, it is becoming increasingly difficult for us to take advantage of the higher selling
           prices typically associated with new products, services and technologies while having to invest more in
           research and development. The Group will actively invest in research and development to attract more
           users through continuous innovation in products and services, so as to build a lasting brand
           awareness.

     3.    Risk of fluctuations in raw material prices. The raw materials that we mainly use in our products
           and core components are metal raw materials such as steel, aluminium and copper, as well as
           commodities raw materials such as plastics and foam. If the prices of raw materials supply continue to
           rise, it will put pressure on the Group’s production and operations. In addition, the Group relies on
           third party suppliers for key raw materials, components and manufacturing equipment, as well as OEM
           suppliers, and any disruption in supply or significant price increases from these suppliers would have a
           negative impact on the Group’s business. As a leader in the industry, the Group will take steps to
           reduce the risk of raw material fluctuations on its operations by using valuation adjustment mechanism
           on volume and price with suppliers and hedging tools.

     4.    Operational risks in overseas business. The Group has steadily developed its global business and
           has established production bases, research and development centres and marketing centres in many
           parts of the world, with the proportion of overseas revenue increasing year-on-year. The overseas
           markets are subject to political and economic situations, legal systems and regulatory regimes of those
           countries and regions, and significant changes in these factors may pose certain risks to the Group’s
           local operations in these markets. The Group has taken various measures to mitigate the relevant
           impact, including actively discussing and working with suppliers and customers to mitigate the impact
           of additional tariffs imposed by the United States; improving production efficiency to offset the impact
           on the Group’s overall cost of sales; and potentially expanding the Group’s supply resources to other
           countries.




52   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Business Review




BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Potential Risk (continued)
5.   Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. As the Group’s global footprint progresses, the import and export
     of the Group’s products involves the exchange of foreign currencies such as the U.S. dollar, the Euro
     and the Japanese yen. If the exchange rates of the relevant currencies fluctuate, it will have a certain
     impact on the Group’s financial position and increase its financial costs. In addition, the Group’s
     consolidated financial statements are denominated in Renminbi, while the financial statements of its
     subsidiaries are measured and reported in the currency of the primary economic environment in which
     the entity operates, and are therefore subject to currency exchange risk. In this regard, the Group uses
     hedging instruments to reduce its exposure to exchange rate fluctuations.

     For the extent of hedging instruments used, please refer to the Note 49 “Financial Risk Management
     Objectives and Policies” of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements section of this annual report for
     details.

6.   Risk of policy changes. The home appliance industry is closely related to the consumer goods market
     and the real estate market. Changes in macroeconomic policies, consumer investment policies, real
     estate policies and relevant laws and regulations will affect customer demand for the Group’s
     products, which in turn will affect the sales of the Group’s products. The Group will closely monitor
     changes in the relevant policies and laws and regulations, and make forecasts of market changes to
     ensure the further development of the Group.

7.   Risk of Uncertainties resulted from COVID-19 outbreak. The COVID-19 outbreak, which gradually
     spread by the end of 2019, could lead to a further weakening of consumer demand for home
     appliances, which could in turn affect the Group’s product sales. Firstly, lockdowns, social distancing
     measures and travel restrictions will reduce customer mobility and result in the closure of the retail
     sales sites, thereby reducing consumer demand for home appliances. Secondly, the epidemic may also
     lead to operational disruptions for customers, such as logistical disruptions in product deliveries,
     resulting in customer dissatisfaction with the Group’s service and consequently reduced demand for
     the Group’s products. The Group will leverage on its experience in the China market and make best
     use of the synergy of global resources to mitigate the impact of the epidemic on our operations.

8.   Credit risk. There is possibility that we will be unable to fully recover our trade receivables from our
     customers or that they cannot settle our trade receivables in a timely manner, our business, financial
     condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. As to this risk, depending on the credit
     history of our customers and their transaction amounts with us, we allow the flexibility by offering a
     credit period of 30 to 90 days to certain customers.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   53
     Financial Review



     In 2020, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB209,703 million, representing an increase of
     5.9% from RMB198,006 million in 2019 (increase of 8.3% on the same basis as compared to last year after
     considering the deconsolidation of COSMO business in September 2020 and excluding the COSMO’s
     revenue contribution to the Group in the fourth quarter of 2019). The profit attributable to owners of the
     Group was RMB8,877 million, representing an increase of 8.2% (increase of 8% on the same basis as
     compared to the corresponding period of last year after excluding the one-off investment gains from
     deconsolidation of COSMO business and logistics in September 2020 and July 2019 respectively) from
     approximately RMB8,206 million in 2019.

     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT
             Items                                                2020               2019            Change
                                                                RMB’M              RMB’M                   %


             Revenue
             Smart Home Business in China                       98,863             92,714                6.6
              Refrigerator/Freezers                             34,383             32,747                5.0
              Kitchen Appliances                                 2,772              2,435               13.8
              Air-conditioners                                  25,506             23,492                8.6
              Laundry Appliances                                25,985             24,444                6.3
              Water Appliances                                  10,217              9,596                6.5
             Smart Home Business Overseas                      100,623             92,913                8.3
             Other Businesses                                   92,624             83,667               10.7


             Inter-segment eliminations                        (82,407)            (71,288)             15.6
             Consolidated revenue                              209,703            198,006                5.9
             Adjusted operation profit*                          9,886               8,971              10.2
             Profit for the year attributable to owners of
                the Company
               — from continuing operations                       8,877              6,715              32.2
             Profit attributable to owners of the
                Company                                           8,877              8,206                8.2
             Earnings per share attributable to ordinary
                equity holders of the Company
                Basic
                — Profit for the year                         RMB1.34            RMB1.29                  3.9


                — Profit from continuing operations           RMB1.34            RMB1.05                27.6


                Diluted
                — Profit for the year                         RMB1.31            RMB1.19                10.1


                — Profit from continuing operations           RMB1.31            RMB0.96                36.5




54   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                           Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     The following table summarises our revenue by geographical location for the periods indicated:


                                                                               2020                     2019                 Change
                                                                            RMB’M                    RMB’M                           %


         China                                                             107,655                  103,887                        3.6
         Other countries/regions                                           102,048                    94,119                       8.4


         Total                                                             209,703                  198,006                        5.9


     *       Adjusted operating profit is defined as profit before tax, net of interest income and expenses, net foreign exchange gains or
             losses, investment gains and losses, fair value gains and losses on other non-current financial assets, government grants
             and share of profits and losses of associates.


     In 2020, the Group’s revenue amounted to RMB209,703 million, representing an increase of 5.9%
     from approximately RMB198,006 million. Due to the impact of the epidemic, our revenue decreased by
     1.6% year-on-year in the first half of 2020. In the second half of 2020, as the PRC was able to control
     the epidemic and the consumption of home appliances recovered gradually, the Group continued to
     launch market-leading set products, expanded the market share of high-end products constantly,
     deepened the transformation in retail, and insisted on the strategy of creating high-end brands and
     localized operations overseas, and therefore recorded significant increase of 13.2% year-on-year in
     revenue. If excluding the impact of deconsolidation of COSMOPlat business, the Group’s revenue
     should have grown as high as 20% in the fourth quarter.

     Revenue from the Smart Home Business in China increased by 6.6% from approximately RMB92,714
     million to RMB98,863 million. All product lines of the Smart Home Business in China recorded stable
     growth attributable to smart package sales, Casarte’s high-end brand strategy and the implementation
     of digital transformation.

     (1)     Household Food Solutions
             Revenue from the refrigerator/freezers increased by 5.0% from approximately RMB32,747 million
             in 2019 to approximately RMB34,383 million in 2020. The refrigerator/freezers business was
             affected by the epidemic from the beginning of the year to May, but returned to a double-digit
             growth level since the beginning of the second half of the year, with refrigerator/freezer products
             under Casarte recording a growth of nearly 30% in the second half of the year.

             Revenue from the kitchen appliances increased by 13.8% from approximately RMB2,435 million
             in 2019 to approximately RMB2,772 million in 2020, among which, revenue growth of the kitchen
             appliances of Casarte was 79%. This was mainly attributable to the fact that the kitchen
             appliance business continued to integrate the technical resources of GEA, Fisher&Paykel and
             Candy in kitchen appliances by leveraging the Group’s strong research and development
             strength and experience in kitchen appliances across the globe, thereby increasing the proportion
             of high-end products significantly.




                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020        55
     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           (2)    Household Air Solutions
                  Revenue from the air-conditioners increased by 8.6% from approximately RMB23,492 million in
                  2019 to approximately RMB25,506 million in 2020. Facing fierce market competition, the
                  household air-conditioner business adhered to healthy and smart product lines, and increased the
                  proportion of high-end products continuously. Notably revenue from air-conditioners under
                  Casarte increased by 27%. Haier’s commercial air-conditioner business also adhered to the main
                  line of energy-saving, smart and healthy products, and its revenue recorded double-digit growth.

           (3)    Household Clothing Solutions
                  Revenue from the laundry appliances increased by 6.3% from approximately RMB24,444 million
                  in 2019 to approximately RMB25,985 million in 2020. In response to the weak performance of
                  the overall industry, the Company’s washing machine business adapted to market changes
                  rapidly, and realized significant increase in market share by leveraging the advantages of the
                  brand portfolio in full and promoting actively the digital transformation in the whole process.
                  Although revenue declined in the first half of 2020, revenue increased by over 10% in the
                  second half of 2020, resulting a full-year positive revenue growth. Specifically, the brand
                  structure has become more balanced as the proportion of brands such as Casarte and Leader
                  increased further.

           (4)    Household Water Solutions
                  Revenue from the water appliances increased by 6.5% from approximately RMB9,596 million in
                  2019 to approximately RMB10,217 million in 2020. Following the trend of healthy and smart
                  home appliances, Haier’s water heater and water purifier business continued to upgrade
                  products’ function, and increased its market share rapidly. Although revenue declined in the first
                  half of 2020, revenue increased by over 15% in the second half of 2020, resulting a full-year
                  positive revenue growth. Specifically, the revenue of water heaters under Casarte, a high-end
                  brand, increased by 80%, and the proportion of revenue contributed by Casarte increased
                  rapidly.

           (5)    Smart Home Business Overseas
                  Revenue from smart home business overseas increased by 8.3% from approximately RMB92,913
                  million to RMB100,623 million. The growth of overseas markets was mainly attributable to Haier’s
                  “3-in-1” localised layout and globalized R&D and supply chain system. During the spread of the
                  global epidemic, Haier’s overseas home appliances and smart home businesses seized
                  opportunities in the markets with its leading capabilities in integrating supply chains, capabilities
                  in resuming production and services, iteration rate of healthy home appliance products and
                  capabilities in expanding online channels, resulting in increases in both sales and average unit
                  prices.




56   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     (5)   Smart Home Business Overseas (continued)
           Revenue from North America increased by 10.0% from RMB57,922 million in 2019 to
           RMB63,705 million in 2020. The increase was mainly attributable to the Company’s insistence on
           treating users as the priority and unremitting efforts in upgrading of brands, refinement of supply
           chains and integration of all channels. The Company has launched new categories of products
           for small home appliances and water heaters in the US market, as well as accelerating the
           development of online business, with significant increase in ecological-related revenue.

           Revenue from the European market increased by 8.7% from RMB15,195 million in 2019 to
           RMB16,513 million in 2020. Despite the impact of the epidemic, the Company recorded better
           performance in Europe as compared with the industry, which was mainly due to the following: a
           series of products that brought convenience to everyday living were launched in response to the
           needs induced by the epidemic; factories in European were well prepared by adopting the PRC’s
           experience in fighting against the epidemic, and implemented epidemic prevention measures
           specifically in accordance with the requirements of the local government, as well as taking the
           lead in resuming work and production while ensuring safety, so as to meet the demands from
           the market.

     Profit Attributable to Owners of the Company
     In 2020, the profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB8,877 million,
     representing an increase of 8.2% from approximately RMB8,206 million in 2019. The profit attributable
     to owners of the Group from continuing operations was RMB8,877 million with an increase of 32.2%
     from RMB6,715 million in 2019. It was due to the fact that the one-off after-tax gain of RMB1,546
     million from disposal of COSMO business was counted as the profit from continuing operations.

     Adjusted Operating Profit
     Adjusted operating profit was defined as profit before tax, net of interest income and expenses, net
     foreign exchange gains or losses, investment gains and losses (including dividend income from equity
     instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, return on investment in
     other financial assets), gains/(losses) on disposal of subsidiaries, fair value gains or losses on other
     non-current financial assets, government grants and share of profits and losses of associates. By
     excluding these items, it is easier for the management and investors to compare the Group’s financial
     results over multiple periods and analyse the trends of its operations.

     Adjusted operating profit is used as a non-IFRS measure to evaluate the Group’s results of operations.
     This measure provides investors with valuable information of the Group’s ongoing operation
     performance because it reveals its business trends that may be obscured by the net effect of realized
     capital gains and losses, fair value changes on derivative financial instruments, gains and losses on
     disposal of operations and other significant non-recurring or unusual items.

     In 2020, the adjusted operating profit of the Group was RMB9,886 million, representing an increase of
     10.2% as compared to RMB8,971 million in 2019. The increase in the adjusted operating profit was
     mainly attributable to the increase in profit of each business segment of the Group in China and the
     overseas home appliances and smart home business.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   57
     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           Adjusted Operating Profit (continued)
           The following table sets forth the reconciliation between the Group’s adjusted operating profit and
           profit before tax from continuing operations prepared in accordance with IFRS in 2020 and 2019:


                                                                                       2020               2019
                                                                                     RMB’M               RMB’M


             Profit before tax                                                        13,555              10,606
             Adjustments:
             Bank interest income                                                        (470)              (525)
             Net foreign exchange losses/(gains)                                          385               (275)
             Government grants                                                           (845)              (964)
             Return on investments in other financial assets                             (158)              (172)
             Dividend income from an equity investment designated at fair
               value through other comprehensive income                                   (21)                (39)
             (Gain)/loss on disposal of subsidiaries                                   (2,261)                  4
             Finance costs                                                              1,321              1,732
             Share of profits or losses of associates*                                 (1,620)            (1,409)
             Fair value losses on other non-current financial assets                       —                   13


             Adjusted operating profit                                                  9,886              8,971


           The increase in share of profits and losses of associates is mainly due to the increase in profits of
           Controladora Mabe S.A.deC.V. There is no significant change in the remaining share of profit or losses
           of associates.

           Gross Profit Margins
           In 2020, the overall gross profit margin of the Group was 29.0%, representing a decrease of 0.6
           percentage points from 29.6% in 2019. Specifically, the gross profit margin decreased by 1.7
           percentage points year-on-year in the first half of 2020, which was mainly attributable to decrease in
           traffic of offline stores resulting from the epidemic, the significant decline in the retail of high-end
           products with relatively high gross profit margin, and decrease in efficiency of manufacturing cost
           resulting from low utilization of factory capacity during the epidemic. In the second half of 2020, the
           gross profit margin increased by 0.3 percentage points year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to
           the fact that the Group continued to introduce complete sets of intelligent products to lead innovation
           in the fierce market competition, actively expanded the product mix of Casarte, a high-end brand, and
           optimized the product structure.




58   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                     Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     Adjusted Operating Profit (continued)
     Gross Profit Margins (continued)
     In 2020, the gross profit margin of smart home business in China decreased by 1.2 percentage points
     year-on-year. On the one hand, the prices of bulk raw materials during the period were at a low level,
     and the Group continued to optimize the product structure and increase the proportion of high-end
     products, which boosted the gross profit margin of products. On the other hand, the average unit
     price of products has declined due to the impact of the epidemic and fierce price competition in the
     terminal market, which has lowered the gross profit margin.

     The gross profit margin of smart home business overseas increased by 0.2 percentage points year-on-
     year, which was mainly attributable to the fact that Group seized the demand for healthy home
     appliances arising from the epidemic by adhering to the strategy of building brand with high-end
     products and transformation of scenario ecosystem, resulting in higher proportion of high-end products
     and average unit price.

     Selling and Distribution Expenses
     The ratio of selling and distribution expenses of the Group to its revenue decreased by 1.1 percentage
     points from 17.1% in 2019 to 16% in 2020. Specifically, the ratio of selling and distribution expenses
     in the PRC to its segment revenue decreased by 1.3 percentage points from 19.1% in 2019 to 17.8%
     in 2020, which was mainly attributable to significant improvement in efficiency of organization,
     operation and cost allocation derived from continuous digital transformation in the PRC. The ratio of
     selling and distribution expenses of overseas home appliances and smart home business to its
     segment revenue decreased by 0.6 percentage points from 14.8% in 2019 to 14.2% in 2020, which
     was mainly attributable to the improvement through economies of scale and fee utilization overseas.

     Administrative Expenses
     The ratio of administrative expenses of the Group to its revenue decreased by 0.1 percentage points
     from 8.7% in 2019 to 8.6% in 2020. On the one hand, the Company increased its R&D investment for
     new products and smart home ecosystems to improve its products’ competitiveness, resulting in an
     increase of 0.1 percent in R&D expenses; on the other hand, the Company strengthened information
     management and improved the efficiency of organization and operation, resulting in a decrease of 0.2
     percent in administrative expenses.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   59
     Financial Review




     2.    FINANCIAL POSITION
             Items                                                                     2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M


             Non-current assets                                                      89,196              86,886
             Current assets                                                         114,263             100,568
             Current liabilities                                                    109,474              95,690
             Non-current liabilities                                                 25,874              26,774
             Net assets                                                              68,111              64,990


           Cash and Cash Equivalents and Wealth Management Products from Other Financial
           Assets
           As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s total balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth
           management products from other financial assets increased by 21.8% from RMB39,437 million as at
           31 December 2019 to RMB48,051 million as at 31 December 2020. The increase was mainly
           attributable to the contribution of net operating cash inflow during the period.


             Items                                                                     2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M


             Cash and cash equivalents                                                45,635             34,963
             Wealth management products from other financial assets
             — Current portion                                                         2,416              4,179
             — Non-current portion                                                        —                 295


             Total                                                                    48,051             39,437


           Net Assets
           The Group’s net assets increased by 4.8% from RMB64,990 million as at 31 December 2019 to
           RMB68,111 million as at 31 December 2020. The increase in net assets was mainly attributable to the
           increase in profit for the year and partially offset by the decrease in the net assets as the COSMOPlat
           business was excluded from consolidation.

           Working Capital
           Trade and Bills Receivables Turnover Days
           The trade and bills receivables turnover days of the Group was 48 days as at the end of 2020,
           representing an increase of 2 days as compared to the end of 2019, which was mainly attributable to
           the decrease in the factoring arrangement of GE Appliances and its increase in revenue.




60   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Financial Review




2.   FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
     Working Capital (continued)
     Inventory Turnover Days
     The Group’s inventory turnover days at the end of 2020 was 71 days, representing a increase of 4
     days as compared to the corresponding period, which was mainly attributable to the inventories of
     Candy did not included in the beginning of 2019 due to the acquisition of Candy was completed in
     January 2019. Apart from this factor, the inventory turnover days remaining relatively stable.

     Trade and Bills Payable Turnover Days
     The Group’s settlement policy with suppliers remained stable. As at the end of 2020, trade payables
     turnover days were 141 days, representing an increase of 9 days as compared to the end of 2019,
     which was mainly attributable to the increase in our purchase of raw materials because of the
     significant revenue growth in the second half of 2020 despite the impact of abovementioned
     acquisition of Candy.

3.   CASH FLOW ANALYSIS
      Items                                                                   2020                     2019
                                                          Note              RMB’M                     RMB’M


      Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
        statement of cash flows at the beginning of
        the year                                                             34,963                    36,561
      Net cash flow from operating activities                                17,599                    15,083
      Net cash flow used in investing activities           (a)               (5,264)                  (10,960)
      Net cash flow used in financing activities           (b)               (1,026)                    (6,013)
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                             (637)                       292


      Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
        statement of cash flows at the end
        of the year                                                          45,635                   34,963


      Add: Pledged deposits and other deposits with
        limited use                                                              826                    1,216


      Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
        statement of financial position at the end of
        the year                                                             46,461                   36,179


     Net cash inflow from operating activities for the year amounted to RMB17,599 million, representing an
     increase of 16.7% as compared to last year. Such increase in the cash inflow from operating activities
     for the period was mainly due to the growth of the operating profit and increase in receipts in
     advance.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   61
     Financial Review




     3.    CASH FLOW ANALYSIS (continued)
           (a)    Net cash outflow from investing activities for the year amounted to RMB5,264 million, representing
                  a decrease of 52.0% as compared to last year, with the details as follows:


                      Items                                                                             2020                        2019
                                                                                                      RMB’M                        RMB’M


                      Payment for purchases of non-current assets                                       (7,592)                     (6,194)
                      Redemption/(purchase) of wealth management
                         products                                                                        1,163                      (1,782)
                      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                         (323)                     (2,730)
                      Cash inflow/(outflow) from disposal of subsidiaries
                         and assets held for sale                                                          861                        (952)
                      Cash from disposal of fixed assets and leasehold
                         land                                                                              324                         261
                      Dividend from an associate                                                           485                         348
                      Interest received from wealth management
                         products                                                                            16                        203
                      Net cash outflow from other investing activities                                     (198)                      (114)


                      Net cash flow used in investing activities                                        (5,264)                    (10,960)


           (b)    Net cash outflow in financing activities for the year amounted to RMB1,026 million, representing
                  a decrease of 82.9% as compared to last year, with details as follows:


                      Items                                                                             2020                        2019
                                                                                                      RMB’M                        RMB’M


                      Proceeds from borrowings                                                          28,732                      18,468
                      Repayment of borrowings                                                          (23,509)                    (19,018)
                      Dividend distribution to shareholders and minority
                        shareholders                                                                    (5,800)                     (2,814)
                      Borrowings interest                                                                 (989)                     (1,388)
                      Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries                                     1,299                        (358)
                      Lease payment*                                                                      (728)                       (894)
                      Net cash outflow from other financing activities                                     (31)                          (9)


                      Net cash flow used in financing activities                                        (1,026)                     (6,013)

                  *      Pursuant to the requirements of the new standards, lessees are required to include the lease payment for leased assets
                         and the interest accrued on lease liabilities into the cash flow of financing activities.




62   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                      Financial Review




LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
The Group focuses on cash flow management and has been able to maintain a healthy financial and liquidity
position. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had a current ratio of 1.04% (31 December 2019: 1.05%).


 Items                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M


 Cash and cash equivalents                                                       45,635                34,963
 Wealth management products from other financial assets                           2,416                 4,474


                                                                                 48,051                39,437
 Less:
 Interest-bearing borrowings and bonds                                          (30,036)               (26,685)


 Net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
   products from other financial assets                                          18,015                12,752


As at 31 December 2020, the wealth management products from other financial assets amounted to
RMB2,416 million (31 December 2019: RMB4,474 million).

Among the cash and cash equivalents and the wealth management products from other financial assets
balance, approximately 75.2% was denominated in Renminbi and the remaining 24.8% was denominated in
Euro, Hong Kong dollars, U.S. dollars and other currency.

As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
products from other financial assets amounted to RMB18,015 million (31 December 2019: RMB12,752
million), representing an increase of 41.3% as compared to 2019.

In 2020, financial return of cash and cash equivalents and the return on wealth management products from
other financial assets amounted to RMB558 million, representing a decrease of 14.8% as compared to
RMB655 million in 2019. On the one hand, as the increase of cash balances was mainly generated during
the second half of 2020 and these balances were kept liquid to repay the maturing bonds in the first
quarter of 2021, the interest return of these balances was comparatively lower. On the other hand, the
interest rate in overseas market declined a lot during the year, which also led to a decrease in interest
return.

For the currencies in which the interest-bearing borrowings and bonds are made, please refer to Note 33
“Interest-Bearing Borrowings” of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements section of this annual
report for details.

As at 31 December 2020, among the interest-bearing borrowings and bonds disclosed above, approximately
28.6%, being RMB8,602 million were fixed rate.

The Group will continue to maintain stable liquidity in its operations in 2021 to ensure meeting its working
capital requirements in the coming year, and also for constructing super factory, as well as maintaining the
financial flexibility for future strategic investment opportunities.



                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   63
     Financial Review




     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL
     INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
     As of 31 December 2020, the Group did not have any significant investment or future plans for material
     investments or capital assets.

     Regarding to future capital expenditure planning, the capital expenditure in Chinese market mainly focuses
     on the intelligent factory layout and the improvement of employees’ working environment, so as to promote
     the rapid development of relevant industries of the Company. The capital expenditure in overseas market
     mainly focuses on the global supply chain layout and industrial park reconstruction, new product R&D,
     informationised construction, etc., so as to continuously improve the overseas operation ability and ensure
     the leading position and rapid development of the market in the future. Investment funds will be financed
     through the Company’s own funds and equity financing, etc.

     USE OF PROCEEDS OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS
     The H-share convertible bonds were converted from the exchangeable bonds that were issued on
     21 November 2017 by Harvest International Company, a subsidiary of the Company. The funds then raised
     were for the purpose of repaying the overseas debt and had been utilized as planned.

     On 18 December 2018, the Company issued an approximately RMB3,007 million A-Share convertible
     corporate bonds. After deducting cost of issue and other related expense were approximately RMB23
     million, the net proceeds from the issuance of the convertible bond (the “Net Proceeds”) were approximately
     RMB2,984 million. As the A-Share convertible bonds in 2019 met the redemption conditions, the Directors of
     the Company decided to exercise the redemption right after consideration and approval, the Company
     redeemed the balance of the A-Share convertible bonds in full. After the redemption, the convertible bonds
     of the Company were delisted on 17 December 2019. At present, the A-share convertible bonds no longer
     exist, but the funds raised from the issuance of the bonds have not been fully utilised.

     During the year, the net proceeds utilized was approximately RMB722 million. As of 31 December 2020,
     approximately RMB2,398 million of the funds raised from A-share convertible bonds has been utilised, with a
     balance of approximately RMB633 million (the account balance includes the income generated from the
     purchase of wealth management products, interest on demand deposits, foreign exchange gains and losses
     and the not-yet-invested capital raised).




64   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                         Financial Review




USE OF PROCEEDS OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)
Detailed breakdown and description of the Net Proceeds utilized during the twelve months ended 31
December 2020 are set out below:

                                                                                      Amount of the
                                                                                      net proceeds
                                                                                        utilized for
                                                                                         the twelve
                                                      Actual Net                             months Unutilized net
                                                   proceed as at                              ended proceed as at
                                                       1 January         Reallocation 31 December 31 December
                                                            2020                2020           2020           2020
                                                          RMB’M                RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M

    Investment projects                                       1,331                   (96)                625               610
    Working Capital                                              —                     96                  96                —
    Other general purposes*                                      24                    —                    1                23

                                                              1,355                    —                  722               633

*      The other general purposes are mainly interest on demand deposits, foreign exchange gains and losses.


The Company intends to continue utilizing the remaining net proceeds in the investment projects in the
future. The unutilized net proceeds will focus on the following three projects namely “High-end central air-
conditioning project with an annual output of 1.5 million air conditioners”, “Haier North India Industrial Park
(Phase I) Project” and “Haier Kitchen Appliance New Factory Project”.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
The Company assesses its capital expenditure and investments in each business segment of the Group in
China and the overseas home appliances and smart home business from time to time. The capital
expenditure during the year was RMB7,592 million (2019: RMB6,194 million), in which RMB3,475 million and
RMB4,117 million was mainly used in China and overseas respectively for the construction of plant and
equipment, property rental expenses, and investment of information infrastructure.

GEARING RATIO
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s gearing ratio (defined as total borrowings (including interest bearing
borrowings, bonds, lease liabilities and convertible and exchangeable bonds) divided by net assets of the
Group was 58.0%, representing an increase of 2.2% as compared to 2019, mainly due to the issuance of
ultra-short-term financing bonds during the period.




                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   65
     Financial Review




     TREASURY POLICIES
     The Group adopts a prudent approach for its cash management and risk control. Due to the global
     presence of our business, our results of operations are affected by foreign exchange rate movements, both
     on a transactional and translation basis.

     The Group is primarily exposed to movements in the Renminbi, our reporting currency, against US dollar
     and, to a lesser extent, Euro and Japanese Yen. The translational effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise
     because the financial results of the Group’s subsidiaries are measured in the currency of the primary
     economic environment in which they operate (its functional currency). The results of operations of our global
     subsidiaries are, therefore, measured in currencies other than Renminbi and are then translated into
     Renminbi for the presentation of our financial results in the consolidated financial statements. Consequently,
     fluctuations in the applicable foreign currency exchange rates may increase or decrease the Renminbi value
     of our non-Renminbi assets, liabilities, revenues and costs, even if their value has not changed in their local
     functional currency.

     The transactional effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise when one of the Group’s subsidiaries enters into
     a sale or purchase transaction in a currency other than its functional currency. The principal source of
     transaction risk arises from the fact that most of our costs are measured in RMB, while most of our sales
     are invoiced in other currencies (including US dollar, Euro and Japanese Yen). The Group attempts to match
     costs and revenues along the value chain in the local markets in the same currency, creating a natural
     hedge for some of the transaction risks. The Group also uses forward foreign exchange contracts to
     mitigate its transactional exchange rate exposure.

     CAPITAL COMMITMENT
     The Group’s capital commitments contracted but not yet provided for amounted to RMB3,009 million as at
     31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB2,053 million), which were mainly related to the Group’s
     domestic and overseas factories construction projects.

     CHARGE OF ASSETS
     As at 31 December 2020, certain of the Group’s buildings and leasehold land with a net carrying value of
     RMB Nil (31 December 2019: RMB55 million) and trade receivables with a net carrying value of RMB552
     million (31 December 2019: RMB212 million) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank loans.

     In addition, as at 31 December 2020, certain of the Group’s bills payable were secured by the pledge of the
     Group’s bank deposits amounting to RMB720 million (31 December 2019: RMB1,204 million) and the
     Group’s bills receivable amounting to RMB12,562 million (31 December 2019: RMB12,706 million).

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     At the end of the reporting period, neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent
     liabilities.




66   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                         Financial Review




RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, REMUNERATION POLICY
The Group is dedicated to offer employees a competitive remuneration mechanism (including short-,
medium- and long-term incentives), all-rounded benefit plans, work-life balance and employee caring
scheme. Under the management approach of “Integrating Order with Personnel”, it encourages every
employee to integrate his/her personal development into the long-term development of the Company, for
achieving a healthy development and progress between the Company and employees and thus creates a
win-win situation.

The total number of employees of the Group decreased to 99,299 as at 31 December 2020 from 99,757 as
at 31 December 2019, which basically remained stable. The Group is achieved 23% optimization of
operational efficiency through whole process digital transformation in China. Meanwhile, the Group further
strengthened the construction of overseas markets, so the marketing personnel were increased by 49% as
compared to the corresponding year.

RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The Group values its customers and suppliers as major partners and stakeholders. A healthy and
competitive partnership network is fundamental to the Group’s success.

In China, we serve our customers through a comprehensive omni-channel sales network consisting of offline
and online channels. Our offline sales and distribution network in China primarily consists of the following: (i)
our franchised stores and their extended sales network, (ii) national chain store retailors (being Suning,
GOME and Wuxing), (iii) regional chain store retailors, and (iv) other sales channels selling to our business
partners. We also offer our products through online channels including: (i) directly selling to end-customers
through our own Haier Smart Home App or B2C platforms such as our flagship store on Tmall.com, and (ii)
selling our products to B2B2C channels such as JD.com.

All of our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores and online B2B2C platforms are
independent third parties. Our relationship with our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores
and online B2B2C platforms is in essence a buyer and seller relationship. They are our customers and they
do not act on our behalf when dealing with their respective end customers, and we have no management
control over their daily operations or their inventories level. Our franchisees, national chain stores, regional
chain stores and online B2B2C platforms place orders with us when and to the extent they deem
appropriate. We monitor their sales performance and provide marketing guidance to them. Based on their
sales performance, we may consider enhancing, weakening or even terminating our cooperation relationships
with our retailors and distributors. In general, our relationships with our major franchisees, national chain
stores, major regional chain stores and major online B2B2C platforms have remained stable. There was no
material non-compliance with the terms and conditions of our agreements with them.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   67
     Financial Review




     RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS (continued)
     North America and Europe are our two largest overseas markets and a substantial part of our overseas
     sales are made through local retailors. We also sell our products through online channels. We have
     established stable business relationship with our retailors and other customers. In the North America, we
     have maintained good collaboration with them through various kinds of branding, sales, marketing and
     promotion activities, which does not only enhance the sale of our products, but also promotes our brand
     recognition among the consumers covering various demographical groups. In Europe, our principal sales
     channels cover retail stores and e-commerce platforms. Similar to our approach in the North America, we
     also strategically select our retailors in Europe based on various criteria including market share, market
     positioning, and reputation of the customers, in order to maximise the reach of our products to consumers.
     We maintain stable business relationship with our online and offline customers. We do not engage local
     distributors or wholesalers to distribute our products in Europe.

     Through our information feedback system, customer feedback is sent to the suppliers in real time and is a
     key part of the suppliers’ key performance indicator in their on-going evaluations. For overseas suppliers,
     their performance is also closely monitored by the local teams in accordance with the requirements set forth
     in the agreement, as well as the local customs.

     Prospective suppliers can register on our online platform. Once registered, a supplier will be vetted for its
     business, product quality and technical capabilities, among other criteria. Once a supplier has been
     approved, it is added to the pool of pre-qualified suppliers and becomes eligible to bid for the relevant
     orders from us. The orders are posted on our online platform and open to suppliers for bidding. We strive to
     make the bidding process transparent and fair for all of the participating suppliers. Once the bid is selected,
     the supplier will sign a contract with us and officially becomes our supplier. The suppliers’ performance can
     be rated by the customers through the same online platform. Based on the customers’ feedback, the
     system can automatically adjust and optimise the supply strategies.

     We typically seek to enter into long-term agreements with our strategic suppliers. For other suppliers, the
     agreements are generally renewed annually. The payment terms for our suppliers vary, but the typical
     payment period for suppliers is “3+6” in China, meaning that we serve our suppliers with banker’s
     acceptances with a term of six months after an initial credit period of three months. We typically do not
     have a fixed and standard payment period for suppliers in our overseas markets.

     MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
     On 30 July 2020, our Company entered into a share transfer agreement, pursuant to which our Company
     agrees to transfer 54.50% of its equity interests in Haier COSMO IoT Ecosystem Technology Co., Ltd. (海爾
     卡 奧 斯 物 聯 生 態 科 技 有 限 公 司) (“COSMO”) to Qingdao Haier Ecological Investment Co., Ltd. (“Haier
     Ecological Investment”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group, at the consideration of RMB4.06
     billion. The consideration for the disposal has been fully settled in cash and the disposal has been
     completed on 29 September 2020.




68   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Financial Review




MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS (continued)
On 30 August 2018, the Group and Haier Electric International Co., Ltd. (“Haier International”), a subsidiary
of Haier Corp, entered into an asset swap agreement (the “Asset Swap Agreement”), pursuant to which
Guanmei (Shanghai) Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Guanmei”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company, agreed to acquire and Haier International agreed to sell 51% of the equity interest in Qingdao
Haishi Water Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao Haishi”) at a consideration of RMB1,073,524,000 to be
satisfied by Guanmei by way of transfer of 55% of the equity interest in Bingji (Shanghai) Enterprise
Management Co., Ltd. (“Bingji”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Guanmei, from Guanmei to Haier International
at the same consideration. Qingdao Haishi is principally engaged in the research and development and sale
of household water purifying solutions, and Bingji is an investment holding company that indirectly controls
Gooday Logistics, which is principally engaged in the business of providing logistics services in the PRC.

Haier International has guaranteed to Guanmei that the audited consolidated net profit of Qingdao Haishi for
the three financial years ending 31 December 2018, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 shall not be
less than RMB470.5 million in aggregate.

The cumulative actual net profit recorded by the Qingdao Haishi in the three accounting years during the
profit compensation period (i.e. 2018 to 2020) amounted to approximately RMB472.5 million. The net profit
recorded exceeded the forecasted net profit and the performance commitment has been satisfied.

DIVIDENDS
The Board proposes the distribution of the final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2020 of RMB3.66
in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax), totaling approximately RMB3.4 billion based on the current
total issued capital, net of repurchased shares but not yet cancelled.

This dividend distribution proposal shall be subject to the consideration and approval at the Company’s
2020 annual general meeting, and the final dividend is expected to be distributed to shareholders in two
months from the 2020 annual general meeting.

This dividend represented approximately 38.3% of the profit attributable to the owners of the Company. The
undistributed profits retained by the Company will be primarily used for project construction, investments,
research and development, and routine operations related to the primary business of the Company, so as to
maintain sustainable and stable development of the Company, and to maximize the returns for shareholders.

Dividends for D-Shares and H-Shares shall be paid in foreign currencies. According to the Articles of
Association of the Company, the applicable rate of exchange shall be average exchange rate (medium rates)
for converting Renminbi into foreign currencies as quoted by The People’s Bank of China for a week
immediately prior to the announcement of dividend.

Notice of the 2020 annual general meeting will announce the date of the 2020 annual meeting of the
Company and details of relevant book closure of H Shares, as well as the arrangement of book closure of H
Shares for the final dividend.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   69
     Corporate Governance Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) and the management (the “Management”) of Haier
     Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) recognise that sound corporate practices are crucial to the efficient
     operation of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) and the safeguarding of our
     shareholders’ interests. In this regard, the Board gives high priority to enhance the Company’s corporate
     governance standards with emphasis on transparency, accountability and independence in order to enhance
     the long-term value of our shareholders.

     The Company has complied with the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provision(s)”) and principles
     under the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange”) during the year ended 31 December 2020. The Board shall review its code from time to
     time to ensure its continuous compliance with the Code. This report describes the Company’s corporate
     governance practices, explains its applications of and deviations from the Code (if any), together with
     considered reasons for such deviations (if applicable).

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Composition
     As at 31 December 2020, the Board comprised two Executive Directors, three Non-executive Directors and
     three Independent Non-executive Directors (the “INED(s)”).

     The Board has at least one-third in number of its members comprising INEDs throughout the year. The
     Company has also fulfilled the requirements of the composition of the Company’s audit committee,
     remuneration committee and the nomination committee under the Listing Rules.

     At least one of the INEDs possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
     management expertise under Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules. The Directors are well-versed in respective
     areas such as accounting and finance, business management and industry knowledge and the Board as a
     whole has achieved an appropriate balance of skills and experience. The chairman of the Board and the
     nomination committee will review the composition of the board from time to time so as to enhance it for
     meeting the strategic objectives of the Company. The Directors’ biographical details are set out on pages 12
     to 18 of this annual report.

     To the best of the Company’s knowledge, there is no financial or family relationship among the Board
     members and the supervisors. All of them are free to exercise their independent judgment on all matters
     concerning the Company.

     The Articles of Association of the Company (“Articles of Association”) have stated clearly the procedures for
     the appointment of new directors, re-election and removal of directors. Under the Articles of Association, the
     Board may from time to time to nominate a director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the
     Board, subject to the election at the next following general meeting of the Company.

     Non-executive Directors of the Company are all elected by the general meetings, with term of office of three
     years, which are renewable upon re-election and reappointment.




70   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board diversity policy
The Company recognizes that Board diversity will help improve corporate governance, increase the efficiency
of the Board, reduce management and control risks and make better decisions, thereby achieving the
sustainable and healthy development of the Company.

When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will take into full consideration the Board
diversity, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, regions,
professional experience, skills, knowledge and service terms of Directors as well as other regulatory
requirements.

Appointments of Board members will be made on a merit basis and requirements for Board diversity will be
fully considered, with a focus on evaluating which skills, experience, and diverse viewpoints and
perspectives the candidates can bring to the Board, and how they can contribute to the Board.

The Nomination Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising and reporting to the Board
matters concerning diversification of the Board members; working out the composition of the Board
members, evaluating the professional experience, skills, knowledge and other diverse factors required by the
Board, and making recommendations to the Board; searching for and nominating Director candidates and
reporting the same to the Board for approval; supervising the appointment made by the Board; and ensuring
that the recruitment and selection from the Board to common staff proceed according to proper
procedures.

The Company shall establish and implement relevant plans to develop a broader and more diverse pool of
skilled and experienced employees, so that, in time, their skills will prepare them for senior management and
board positions.

The Nomination Committee will consider and, if appropriate, set measurable objectives to implement the
Board diversity policy and review such objectives to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress
made towards achieving those objectives. The Nomination Committee of the Company will be responsible for
monitoring the implementation of the Board diversity policy, evaluating the diversity of the Company every
year and reviewing the Board diversity policy as appropriate, discussing any revisions required, and making
recommendations to the Board for approval before implementation.

Delegation by the Board
The Directors are collectively responsible for setting the Group’s strategies, providing leadership and
guidance to put them into effect, reviewing and monitoring the performance of the Group and are
accountable to the Company’s shareholders. To maximise the effectiveness of the Group’s operations, the
Board has delegated management and administration of the Group’s daily operations to the Executive
Directors, chief executive officer (“CEO”) and the Management while reserved several important matters for
its approval. To this end, the Articles of Association of the Company have set out the division of functions
between the Board and the Management (including the Executive Directors and the CEO).




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   71
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Delegation by the Board (continued)
     The major functions of the Board and the Management are summarized as follows:

     The Board is principally responsible for:

     1.    determining the Company’s business plans and investment schemes;

     2.    formulating the Company’s annual budgets and final accounts;

     3.    formulating the Company’s profit distribution plan and plan for covering losses;

     4.    formulating the Company’s plans for increase or reduction of registered capital, issuance of bonds or
           other securities and listing plan;

     5.    formulating the Company’s plans for significant acquisition, merger and acquisition, division, dissolution
           and change of corporate form;

     6.    determining establishment of the Company’s internal management organisations;

     7.    formulating the Company’s basic management rules and plans for amendment of the Articles of
           Association;

     8.    any other functions and powers accorded by laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and
           the listing rules of the place where the securities of the Company are listed or the Articles of
           Association and granted by the shareholders’ general meeting; and

     9.    subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules and other regulations, approving transactions in which
           connected person(s) (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company is/are considered having a
           material conflict of interests.




72   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Delegation by the Board (continued)
The Management is principally responsible for:

1.   exercising all such other powers and performing all such other acts as may be exercised and performed
     by the Directors, save and except for those that may specifically be reserved by the Board and/or the
     committees set up by the Board for decision and implementation; or those that may only be exercised
     by the Board pursuant to The Company Law of the PRC and other regulations in the PRC, the Articles
     of association, the Listing Rules, the Hong Kong Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share
     Buy-backs;

2.   presiding over production and operation management of the Company, organizing implementation of
     Board resolutions and reporting to the Board of Directors on his/her work;

3.   organising the implementation of the Company’s annual business plans and investment plans;

4.   formulating plans for establishment of internal management organisations of the Company;

5.   formulating basic management rules, and specific rules and regulations of the Company;

6.   determining the appointment or dismissal of management personnel other than those whose appointment
     or dismissal is decided by the Board of Directors; and

7.   monitoring the executions of the continuing connected transactions between connected person(s) (as
     defined in the Listing Rules and other regulations) and the Company to ensure their compliance with
     the relevant rules and regulation.

The Board reviews those arrangements on a periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the
needs of the Group.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)
The roles of chairman and chief executive officer (“CEO”) of the Company are separated and are performed
by the different persons. During the year ended 31 December 2020, Mr. Liang Haishan, an Executive
Director, had served as the chairman of the Company, while Mr. Li Huagang has served as the CEO of the
Company.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   73
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Independent Non-executive Directors (the “INED”)
     The INEDs have the same duties of care and skill and fiduciary duties as the Executive Directors. They are
     expressly identified as such in all corporate communications that disclose the names of the Directors.

     The INEDs are experienced professionals with expertise in areas of accounting and finance, and business
     management. With their professional knowledge and experience, the INEDs advise the Company on its
     operation and management; provide independent opinion on the Company’s connected/continuing
     connected transactions and other material transactions; participate in the Company’s audit committee
     meetings, remuneration committee meetings, nomination committee meetings and strategic committee
     meetings. The INEDs also contribute to provide adequate checks and balances so as to protect the
     interests of the Company, to enable the interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole are adequately
     and fairly represented, and to promote the development of the Company.

     The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the INEDs pursuant to
     Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all INEDs independent as at the date of this report.

     Supply of and access to information
     Newly appointed Directors will receive induction packages relating to the duties and responsibilities of
     directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

     All the Directors are briefed and updated from time to time on the latest legislative and regulatory
     developments, and they receive, in a timely manner, adequate information which is accurate, clear, complete
     and reliable to ensure that they are fully aware of their responsibilities under the Listing Rules, the Company
     Law of the PRC, the Articles of Association of the Company and other applicable legal and regulatory
     requirements.

     In order to ensure that their duties can be properly discharged, the Directors are entitled to seek advice
     from independent professional advisers whenever deemed necessary by them at the Company’s expense.




74   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Professional development
The Directors paid significant attention to enhance their knowledge and expertise so as to discharge their
duties and responsibilities more effectively. The Company would organize in-house training sessions for
newly appointed directors which are conducted by professionals relating to the duties and responsibilities of
directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

During the year, all Directors have fully observed the Code Provision A.6.5 and have attended various
relevant training programmes which include:

(i)    participation and/or as speakers in relevant conferences and seminars organized by various external
       organizations relevant to the business or directors’ duties, for update on corporate governance, and for
       enhancing their business expertise; and

(ii)   private study of materials relevant to the director’s duties and responsibilities.

During the year, all Directors received regular updates on the Group’s business, operations, risk
management, corporate governance matters, and changes on relevant laws and regulations applicable to the
Group.

During the year, the Joint Company Secretaries of the Company have taken no less than 15 hours of
relevant professional training.

Board meetings
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Board held nine meetings to review and approve, among
other things, the 2019 annual results, 2020 interim and quarterly results, to discuss and review the strategic
transactions, such as the privatization of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd., and other assets restructure
plans. The Company’s board meetings (the “Board Meeting(s)”) are permitted to be held by means of
telephone or other means of electronic communication.

Sufficient notices are served and comprehensive information is provided to the Board members in advance
of all the Board Meetings in order to enable them to make informed decisions on all matters transacted at
the Board Meetings.

The proceedings of the Board Meetings are conducted by the Chairman of the Board or another Executive
Director who ensures that sufficient time is allowed for discussion among the Directors and equal
opportunities are being given to the Directors to express their views and share their concerns.

The Board Secretary attends the Board Meetings to advise Directors on corporate governance practices,
and statutory compliance, accounting and financial issues whenever deemed necessary by the Board.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   75
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board meetings (continued)
     The Board Secretary is responsible for preparing minutes recording all matters transacted and resolved at
     the Board Meetings. All the Board minutes are kept by the Board Secretary and are open for inspection by
     the Directors.

     The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the Board Meetings during the year ended
     31 December 2020:


                                                                                                 No. of the
                                                                                           Board Meetings
                                                                                             attended/held


       Executive Directors:
       Mr. Liang Haishan (Chairman)                                                                      8/9
       Mr. Li Huagang                                                                                    9/9

       Non-executive Directors:
       Ms. Tan Lixia                                                                                     9/9
       Mr. Wu Changqi                                                                                    9/9
       Mr. Lin Sui                                                                                       9/9
       Mr. Yan Andrew Y (retired on 3 November 2020)                                                     8/8

       INEDs:
       Mr. Dai Deming                                                                                    9/9
       Mr. Chien Da-chun                                                                                 9/9
       Mr. Shi Tiantao (retired on 3 June 2020)                                                          2/2
       Mr. Wong Hak Kun (appointed on 3 June 2020)                                                       7/7


     It is challenging to arrange the Board Meeting that fits in with the tight and busy schedules of all the
     Directors. To enable all the Directors to keep abreast of the Group’s latest development and to discharge
     their duties properly, the Board Secretary briefed the Directors on those matters transacted at the Board
     Meetings that they were unable to attend. In addition, draft and final versions of the Board minutes were
     sent to all Directors for their comments and records. Also, the minutes of Board Meetings as well as
     meetings of Board committees are recorded in sufficient details of the matters considered and decisions
     made, including concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views expressed.




76   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
The Company has adopted a model code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors (the
“Model Code”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
Listed Issuers set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Upon enquiry by the Company, all Directors and
Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard as set out
in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2020.

In addition, the Board has adopted written guidelines (the “Employees’ Guidelines for Securities
Transactions”) for securities transactions by employees (the “Relevant Employees”) who are likely to be in
possession of unpublished price sensitive information of the Company on no less exacting terms than the
Model Code. Having made specific enquiries of all the Relevant Employees, the Company confirmed that all
the Relevant Employees had complied with the required standards as set out in the Employees’ Guidelines
for Securities Transactions throughout the year ended 31 December 2020.

Board Committees
The Board has established an Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”), a Remuneration and Appraisal
Committee (the “Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”), a Nomination Committee (the “Nomination
Committee”), a Strategic Committee (the “Strategic Committee”) and a Environmental, Social and
Governance Committee (the “ESG Committee” which was established on 5 March 2021) (collectively the
“Committees”) to oversee specific aspects of the Company’s affairs. The Committees report to the Board
regularly, and have been provided with sufficient resources to discharge their respective duties. To reinforce
independence, the chairmen of the Committees other than the Strategic Committee and the ESG Committee
are INEDs. Each of the Committees has adopted specific terms of reference covering its duties, powers and
functions which will be reviewed by the Board from time to time. The Board Secretary also acts as secretary
of the Committees. The Committees adopt as far as practicable, the procedures and arrangement of the
Board Meeting in relation to the conduct of meetings, notice of meetings and recording of minutes. Further
particulars of each of the Committees are set out below:

(1)   Audit Committee
      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Audit Committee comprised five members throughout
      the year. They are Mr. Dai Deming, Ms. Tan Lixia (retired as a member with effect from 5 March
      2021), Mr. Lin Sui, Mr. Chien Da-chun, Mr. Wong Hak Kun (appointed as a member with effect from
      3 June 2020) and Mr. Shi Tiantao (retired as a member with effect from 3 June 2020). Mr. Yu Hon To,
      David was appointed as a member with effect from 5 March 2021. The Audit Committee was chaired
      by Mr. Dai Deming who possesses the required accounting expertise. The terms of reference of the
      Audit Committee (as revised) are available on the respective websites of the Company and the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   77
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (1)   Audit Committee (continued)
           The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to ensure the objectivity and credibility of financial
           reporting, to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of
           the Group’s external auditors and review of the Company’s financial controls, internal control and risk
           management systems. Each member of the Audit Committee has unrestricted access to the Group’s
           external auditor and the Management.

           During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Audit Committee held eight meetings to review with the
           management the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and to discuss financial
           reporting matters including the review of 2019 annual results and 2020 interim and quarterly results of
           the Group, review the adequacy of resources, accounting staff qualifications and experience, training
           programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions, review of the
           internal control procedures and the connected transactions, review of the significant transactions of the
           Group, review the reappointment of external auditors, and review the terms of reference of the Audit
           Committee, and other related issues.

           There is no disagreement between the Board and the Audit Committee regarding the selection,
           appointment, resignation or dismissal of external auditor. The annual results for the year ended
           31 December 2020 were also reviewed by the Audit Committee.

           The Board also has adopted the arrangement for employees of the Company to raise genuine
           concerns, in confidence, about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other
           matters in the Company and its subsidiaries. The Audit Committee monitors the execution of this
           arrangement.

           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Audit Committee during the year ended
           31 December 2020:

                                                                                                  No. of Audit
                                                                                           Committee meetings
                                                                                               attended/held

             Non-executive Directors:
             Ms. Tan Lixia                                                                                    8/8
             Mr. Lin Sui                                                                                      8/8

             INEDs:
             Mr. Dai Deming                                                                                   8/8
             Mr. Chien Da-chun                                                                                8/8
             Mr. Shi Tiantao (retired as a member with effect from 3 June 2020)                               4/4
             Mr. Wong Hak Kun (appointed as a member with effect from 3 June 2020)                            4/4




78   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee currently comprises five members including Mr. Liang
      Haishan, Ms. Tan Lixia (retired as member with effect from 30 March 2021), Mr. Dai Deming,
      Mr. Chien Da-chun, Mr. Wong Hak Kun (appointed as a member with effect from 3 June 2020) and
      Mr. Shi Tiantao (retired as a member with effect from 3 June 2020). The Remuneration and Appraisal
      Committee is chaired by Mr. Chien Da-chun, an INED. The terms of reference of the Remuneration and
      Appraisal Committee (as revised) are available on the respective websites of the Company and the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      The primary duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to make recommendations to the
      Board on policies and structures of all remuneration of the Directors and senior management. Each of
      the Directors has not involved in the determination of his/her own remuneration.

      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held two
      meetings. At the meetings, members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee reviewed and
      made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration proposal of the Directors and senior
      management by taking into account the factors such as remuneration packages and benefits offered
      by comparable companies, the respective contribution of each of the Directors and senior
      management to the Group and the business objectives of the Group. The Remuneration and Appraisal
      Committee also considered the performance based structures of the remuneration of Executive
      Directors and senior management.

      The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee has adopted the model that it will review the proposals
      made by the Management on the remuneration of Executive Directors and senior managements with
      reference to the Board’s corporate policies and objectives, and make recommendations to the Board.
      The remuneration plans or proposals mainly include but not limited to performance appraisal criteria,
      procedures and key appraisal system, and major incentive and penalty plans and systems. The Board
      will have final authority to approve the recommendations made by the Remuneration Committee.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   79
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (continued)
           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
           during the year ended 31 December 2020:

                                                                                      No. of Remuneration
                                                                                             and Appraisal
                                                                                      Committee meetings
                                                                                             attended/held

             Executive Director:
             Mr. Liang Haishan                                                                          1/2

             Non-executive Director:
             Ms. Tan Lixia                                                                              2/2

             INEDs:
             Mr. Dai Deming                                                                             2/2
             Mr. Chien Da-chun                                                                          2/2
             Mr. Shi Tiantao (retired as a member with effect from 3 June 2020)                         2/2
             Mr. Wong Hak Kun (appointed as a member with effect from 3 June 2020)                      0/0


     (3)   Nomination Committee
           The Nomination Committee currently comprises five members including Mr. Liang Haishan, Mr. Wu
           Changqi, Mr. Dai Deming, Mr. Chien Da-chun, Mr. Wong Hak Kun (appointed as a member with effect
           from 3 June 2020) and Mr. Shi Tiantao (retired as a member with effect from 3 June 2020). The
           Nomination Committee was chaired by Mr. Shi Tiantao, and currently is chaired by Mr. Wong Hak Kun,
           INEDs. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee (as revised) are available on the
           respective websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

           The Nomination Committee is responsible for formulating nomination policy and making
           recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors, senior management and
           Board succession. It also develops selection procedures of candidates for nomination, reviews the
           structure, size and composition of the Board and assesses the independence of the INEDs. The
           Company has provided the Nomination Committee sufficient resources to perform its duties.




80   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(3)   Nomination Committee (continued)
      Nomination procedures include identification and acknowledgement of qualified individuals by the
      Nomination Committee and review and approval of such nomination by the Board. The Nomination
      Committee shall proactively communicate with the Company’s relevant departments, examine the
      Company’s demand for new directors and senior managers. The selection criteria for Directors are that
      the candidates must have substantial experience in business relevant to the Company, or in corporate
      management, or in relevant profession and must be able to contribute effectively to the objectives of
      the Company. In identifying suitable candidates for appointment to the Board, the Nomination
      Committee will consider candidates on merit against objective criteria (such as professional expertise,
      relevant experience, personal ethics etc.) and with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the
      Board. Any committee member may propose suitable candidates for directorship for discussion and
      approval by the Nomination Committee, after which the Board will consider and, if proper, approve
      such nomination. Director thus selected is subject to election by the Company’s shareholders in the
      next general meeting or next annual general meeting, as appropriate, according to the Articles of
      Association of the Company.

      The Nomination Committee monitors the execution of the Board diversity policy of the Company.
      Selection will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to, professional
      experience, business experience and insight, skills, know-how, gender, age, cultural and educational
      background, ethnic and length of services. It will review the Board diversity policy as appropriate and
      recommend any revisions to the policy to the Board for consideration and approval if necessary.

      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. At the
      meeting, members of the Nomination Committee have identified and recommended qualified individual
      to the Board for the appointment of a director, reviewed the composition of the Board and diversity of
      the Board.

      The Nomination Committee discussed and agreed the measurable objectives for achieving diversity on
      the Board and recommended them to the Board for adoption. During the year, two directors (Mr. Shi
      Tiantao and Mr. Yan Andrew Y) retired and a director (Mr. Wong Hak Kun) has been appointed. The
      Nomination Committee assessed the candidate on objectives of offering relevant industry experience
      and business skill to the Board for the Company’s strategic business developments, while maintaining
      diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business. The Committee
      reviewed the existing composition of the Board and received and accepted the report from the
      management in relation to identified business skills and experience required and their ranking and the
      action plan for recruiting new Board members. It also monitored the review of the Company’s
      recruitment process to reinforce its commitment to the principle of equal opportunity. With these
      measures in place, therefrom a new Board member has been appointed during the year.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   81
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (3)   Nomination Committee (continued)
           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Nomination Committee during the year
           ended 31 December 2020:

                                                                                          No. of Nomination
                                                                                         Committee meetings
                                                                                              attended/held


             Executive Director:
             Mr. Liang Haishan                                                                             0/1

             Non-executive Director:
             Mr. Wu Changqi                                                                                1/1

             INEDs:
             Mr. Dai Deming                                                                                1/1
             Mr. Chien Da-chun                                                                             1/1
             Mr. Shi Tiantao (retired as a member with effect from 3 June 2020)                            1/1
             Mr. Wong Hak Kun (appointed as a member with effect from 3 June 2020)                         0/0


     (4)   Strategic Committee
           The Strategic Committee currently comprises eight members and is chaired by Mr. Liang Haishan.
           Other members during the year include Ms. Tan Lixia, Mr. Li Huagang, Mr. Wu Changqi, Mr. Lin Sui,
           Mr. Yan Andrew Y (retired on 3 November 2020), Mr. Dai Deming, Mr. Chien Da-chun, Mr. Shi Tiantao
           (retired on 3 June 2020) and Mr. Wong Hak Kun (appointed on 3 June 2020).

           On 5 March 2021, Ms. Tan Lixia and Mr. Li Huagang retired as members, and Mr. Xie Juzhi and
           Mr. Li Shipeng were appointed as members of the Strategic Committee.

           The purpose of the Strategic Committee shall be to prepare recommendations for the Board in fulfilling
           its responsibilities relating to the study of the Company’s long-term development strategy, major
           investment decisions and shareholders’ return plan.




82   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(4)   Strategic Committee (continued)
      The primary responsibilities and authorities of the Strategy Committee include:

      (I)      to study the Company’s long-term development strategy plans and make recommendations;

      (II)     to study major investment financing programs which requires to be approved by the Board of
               Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

      (III)    to study major capital operation and assets management projects which requires to be approved
               by the Board of Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

      (IV)     to study shareholders’ return plan of the Company and make recommendations;

      (V)      to study other important matters affecting the Company’s development and make
               recommendations;

      (VI)     to review the implementation of the above matters;

      (VII)    to handle other matters as authorized by the Board.

      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Strategic Committee held three meetings. At the
      meetings, members of the Strategic Committee have discussed and reviewed the strategic
      transactions, such as the privatization of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd., and other assets
      restructure plans, and made recommendations to the Board.

      The following table shows the attendance of members of the Strategic Committee during the year
      ended 31 December 2020:

                                                                                           No. of Strategic
                                                                                        Committee meetings
                                                                                             attended/held


            Executive Directors:
            Mr. Liang Haishan                                                                                 2/3
            Mr. Li Huagang (retired on 5 March 2021)                                                          3/3

            Non-executive Directors:
            Ms. Tan Lixia (retired on 5 March 2021)                                                           3/3
            Mr. Wu Changqi                                                                                    3/3
            Mr. Lin Sui                                                                                       3/3
            Mr. Yan Andrew Y (retired on 3 November 2020)                                                     3/3

            INEDs:
            Mr. Dai Deming                                                                                    3/3
            Mr. Chien Da-chun                                                                                 3/3
            Mr. Shi Tiantao (retired on 3 June 2020)                                                          1/1
            Mr. Wong Hak Kun (appointed on 3 June 2020)                                                       2/2



                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   83
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (5)   Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
           To better implement the ecological brand strategy of the Company in the age of the Internet of Things,
           integrate the idea of “Social, Environmental and Corporate Governance” into the corporate strategy,
           promote sustainable development, generate long-term value for all stakeholders and build a green,
           intelligent and mutual beneficial eco system of the Internet of Things, the Company has established the
           Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (“ESG Committee”) on 5 March 2021.

           The ESG Committee currently comprises four members including Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun, Mr. LI
           Huagang, Mr. LIN Sui and Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun serves as the chairwoman of the
           ESG Committee.

           The ESG Committee serves as the specific working body for evaluating the Company’s working
           progress on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities and the risks and
           opportunities it faces, and formulating the Company’s ESG vision, goals and strategies. The ESG
           Committee strives to improve and enhance the Company’s capabilities of managing environment and
           social responsibilities, and to promote the sustainable development of the Company.

     Corporate Governance Function
     The primary corporate governance duties of the Board are to develop and review the Company’s policies
     and practices on corporate governance; to review and monitor the training and continuous professional
     development of Directors and senior management; to review and monitor the Company’s policies and
     practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review and monitor the code of
     conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and to review the
     Company’s compliance with the code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

     During the year, the Board have developed and reviewed the Company’s corporate governance practices,
     including the review of the recent changes of regulatory requirements, review of the Articles of Association of
     the Company, review of terms of reference of the various committees of the Board, and the review of the
     process in upgrading the internal controls and risk management.




84   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company has maintained different communication channels with its shareholders through the publication
of annual, interim and quarterly reports, circulars and announcements. Such information is also available on
the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.

It is the Company’s practice to provide an explanation to shareholders of the details of the voting by poll
procedures in the general meetings in accordance with the Articles of Association and the relevant listing
rules of the places where it securities are listed. The poll results of the general meetings are also published
on the websites of the Company and of the stock exchanges where the securities are listed. The Board
regards general meetings as one of the principal channels of communication with our shareholders and the
Directors provide detailed and complete answers to questions raised by the shareholders in the general
meetings.

During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company held five general meetings, including the annual
general meeting, two special general meetings, a A-Shares class meeting and a D-Shares class meeting, in
which various resolutions were passed.

The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the general meetings held during the year
ended 31 December 2020:

                                                                                         No. of the General
                                                                                         meetings attended/
                                                                                                       held


 Executive Directors:
 Mr. Liang Haishan (Chairman)                                                                                 5/5
 Mr. Li Huagang                                                                                               1/5

 Non-executive Directors:
 Ms. Tan Lixia                                                                                                1/5
 Mr. Wu Changqi                                                                                               0/5
 Mr. Lin Sui                                                                                                  0/5
 Mr. Yan Andrew Y (retired on 3 November 2020)                                                                0/5

 INEDs:
 Mr. Dai Deming                                                                                               1/5
 Mr. Chien Da-chun                                                                                            0/5
 Mr. Shi Tiantao (retired on 3 June 2020)                                                                     0/2
 Mr. Wong Hak Kun (appointed on 3 June 2020)                                                                  0/3

During the year ended 31 December 2020, there have been changes in the Company’s constitutional
documents, principally for the Company to adapt to the issuance of H-Shares and their listing in the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   85
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Procedures by which Shareholders may convene a special general meeting
     Shareholders requesting the convening of an extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting
     shall proceed in accordance with the procedures set forth below:

     (1)   Two or more shareholders who hold, in aggregate, 10% or more of the shares carrying the right to vote
           at the proposed meeting may sign one or several written requisitions of the same format and contents,
           requesting the Board of Directors to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class
           shareholders’ meeting. The agenda of the proposed meeting shall be stated therein. The Board of
           Directors shall convene the extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting responsively
           after receipt of the aforesaid written requisition(s). The number of the aforesaid shares shall be
           calculated as of the date on which the requisition(s) is/are made.

     (2)   Where the Board of Directors gives consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting, a notice
           on convening of the extraordinary general meeting or the class shareholders’ meeting shall be issued
           within 5 days from such decision, and the changes made to the original proposal in the notice shall be
           approved by relevant shareholders.

     (3)   Where the Board of Directors does not give consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting
           or does not issue a feedback within 10 days upon the receipt of the requisition(s), the shareholders
           holding 10% or more of the Company’s shares separately or in aggregate shall have the right to
           propose to the Board of Supervisors on convening of an extraordinary general meeting and such
           proposal shall be made to the Board of Supervisors in writing.

     Where the Board of Supervisors gives consent for convening an extraordinary general meeting, a notice on
     convening of the extraordinary general meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon the receipt of the
     requisition(s) and the changes made to the original proposal in the notice shall be approved by relevant
     shareholders.

     Where the Board of Supervisors fails to issue a notice of a shareholders’ general meeting within the
     stipulated period, the Board of Supervisors shall be deemed as not convening and chairing the
     shareholders’ general meeting, and the shareholders who hold 10% or more of the Company’s shares
     individually or jointly for 90 or more consecutive days may proceed to convene and chair a shareholders’
     general meeting on their own initiative.

     If the shareholders’ general meeting is convened by the Board of Supervisors or shareholders on their own,
     a written notice shall be issued to the Board of Directors, and such meeting shall be filed with CSRC
     Qingdao Branch and the stock exchange of the place where the securities of the Company are listed.

     Prior to the announcement of the resolutions passed by the shareholders’ general meeting, the shareholding
     percentage of the shareholders who convene the meeting shall not be less than 10%. The shareholders who
     convene the meeting shall submit the relevant supporting materials to the CSRC Qingdao Branch and the
     stock exchange of the place where the securities of the Company are listed at the time of the issuance of
     notice of the shareholders’ general meeting as well as of the announcement of the resolutions passed by
     such meeting.




86   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
Shareholders may put forward enquiries to the Board through the Board Secretary, Company Secretary and
the representative of our office in Germany who will direct the enquiries to the Board for handling. Such
enquiries can be made by the following means:

Mail:         Board Secretary
              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
              Unit 513B, Board of Directors Building,
              Haier Industrial Park,
              1 Haier Road, Laoshan District,
              Qingdao City, the PRC

Email:        finance@haier.com

Mail:         Company Secretary
              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
              Unit 3513, 35/F, The Center,
              99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong

E-mail:       ir@haier.hk

Mail:         Haier Germany Office
              Haier Deutschland GmbH
              Konrad-Zuse-Platz 681829
              München, Germany

E-mail:       Y.sun@haier.de

Procedures for putting forward proposals at a Shareholders’ meeting
When the Company decides to convene a shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board
of supervisors and shareholders severally or jointly holding 3% or more of the shares of the Company shall
be entitled to put forward proposals to the Company.

The shareholders severally or jointly holding 3% or more of the shares of the Company may raise interim
proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days prior to the convening of the shareholders’
general meeting. The convener shall, within 2 days after the receipt of such proposals, issue a supplemental
notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the interim proposals.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   87
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
     Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director
     When the Company needs to elect a director, the shareholders of the Company may nominate a person for
     election as a director of the Company at the shareholders’ general meeting (including annual general
     meeting and extraordinary general meeting) to be convened then according to the Articles of Association of
     the Company (“Articles of Association”).

     1.    According to Article 84 of the Articles of Association, the shareholders’ general meeting may exercise
           the following functions and powers: (II) to elect and replace directors and supervisors who are not
           employee representatives, and to decide on the remuneration matters of the relevant directors and
           supervisors; (X) to amend the Articles of Association and deliberate proposals put forward by
           shareholders who represent 3% or more of the Company’s voting shares.

     2.    According to Article 96 of the Articles of Association, when the Company decides to convene a
           shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and shareholders that
           severally or jointly hold 3% or more of the shares of the Company shall be entitled to put forward
           proposals to the Company. The shareholders that severally or jointly hold more than 3% of the
           Company’s shares may raise interim proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days
           prior to the convening of the shareholders’general meeting. The convener shall, within 2 days after the
           receipt of such proposals, issue a supplemental notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and
           announce the contents of the interim proposals.

     3.    According to Article 101, Article 138 and Article 196 of the Articles of Association, the election of
           directors and supervisors shall comply with the following provisions:

           (I)    The list of candidates for directors and supervisors shall be presented in the form of a proposal
                  at a shareholders’ general meeting for voting.

           (II)   Upon the expiration of the term of office of the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors or
                  in need of replacement of directors or supervisors due to vacancies within the Board of Directors
                  or the Board of Supervisors, the shareholders, individually or jointly, holding 3% or more of the
                  total number of the outstanding shares with voting rights of the Company may recommend
                  candidates for directors or supervisors to the Board of Directors in writing. Upon the Board of
                  Directors’ or the Board of Supervisors’ review and examination, if the candidates comply with the
                  provisions by law and the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors or the Board of
                  Supervisors shall submit the candidate list, curriculum vitae and basic information in the form of
                  a proposal to the shareholders’ general meeting for deliberation and election. Upon the expiration
                  of the term of office of the Board of Supervisors or in need of replacement of supervisors due to
                  vacancies within the Board of Supervisors, supervisors previously held by the employee
                  representatives of the Company shall still be replaced or by-elected through democratic election
                  among the Company’s staff and workers.




88   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director (continued)
3.   According to Article 101, Article 138 and Article 196 of the Articles of Association, the election of
     directors and supervisors shall comply with the following provisions: (continued)

     (III)   Where a shareholders’ general meeting proposes to discuss election matters of directors and
             supervisors, the notice of the shareholders’ general meeting shall fully disclose the detailed
             information of the proposed candidates for directors and supervisors.

     (IV)    The Company’s Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors and shareholders who hold 1% or more
             of the issued shares of the Company, individually or jointly, may nominate candidates for
             independent directors, who will be decided through election by the shareholders’ general
             meeting. The agreement of the nominee shall be obtained before the nominator nominates him/
             her as an independent director. The nominator shall be fully aware of such details of the
             nominee as occupation, educational background, title, work experience, all concurrent positions
             etc., and shall express his/her/its opinions on the nominee’s qualifications for holding the position
             of independent director and his/her/its independence. The nominee shall make a public
             statement that no relationship exists between himself/herself/itself and the Company that could
             affect his/her/its independent and objective judgments. The Board of Directors of the Company
             shall make the aforementioned information public in accordance with regulations before the
             holding of the shareholders’ general meeting at which the independent director is to be elected.

     (V)     When a shareholders’ general meeting votes on the election of directors and supervisors, the
             cumulative voting method may be implemented pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of
             Association or the resolution of a shareholders’ general meeting. The cumulative voting system
             referred to in the preceding paragraph shall mean that when a shareholders’ general meeting
             elects directors or supervisors, each share shall have the same number of voting rights as the
             number of directors or supervisors to be elected and the voting rights held by a shareholder may
             be used together. The Board of Directors shall announce the curriculum vitae and basic
             information of candidates for directors and supervisors to the shareholders before the holding of
             the shareholders’ general meeting.

     (VI)    Where the shareholders’ general meeting has passed the proposal on the election of the relevant
             directors and supervisors, the newly-elected directors and supervisors shall take office on the
             date when the resolution is passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, unless otherwise
             resolved by the shareholders’ general meeting.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   89
     Corporate Governance Report




     INSURANCE
     The Group has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to indemnify the Directors and
     senior staff of the Group for their potential liabilities incurred by them in discharging their duties. The Group
     reviews the insurance coverage for the Directors and the Group’s senior staff on an annual basis.

     POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
     The Company has implemented a proactive and flexible dividend policy. Future profit distributions may be
     carried out in the form of cash dividends or stock dividends or by interim cash profit distributions. The
     dividend policy shall maintain consistency and stability. In case that the legal conditions as mentioned below
     for both cash dividends and stock dividends are satisfied, cash dividends shall prevail.

     The Company’s dividend policy shall be determined by the Board of Directors based on the business
     development and performance of our Company and will be subject to the approval of the shareholders’
     general meeting.

     Subject to the satisfaction of conditions for cash dividend distribution provided in the PRC Company Law,
     the Company shall in principle pay cash dividend once each fiscal year. The Board of Directors may
     propose to pay an interim profit distribution depending on the profitability and capital reserve of our
     Company. In addition, the Board of Directors may put forward a stock dividend distribution proposal in
     addition to cash dividend after considering factors such as our Company’s performance, share price, share
     capital scale and debt structure.

     The Company expects that, in the future, the principal source of profits for the payment of dividends will be
     income from its operating business, and dividends and other payments received from current and future
     direct and indirect subsidiaries. The determination of each subsidiary’s ability to pay dividends is subject to
     applicable law.

     On the basis of the unconsolidated financial statements of the Company and subject to PRC law, the
     Articles of Association and the Company’s capital needs for normal production and operation, planned
     investments and other significant capital outlays, the annual cash dividends shall, in principle, account for at
     least 20%, and contingent upon each year’s performance, not less than 15% of the Company’s net profits
     for the prior fiscal year which are available for distribution and attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
     the Company, calculated in accordance with PRC GAAP.

     After the completion of the Privatisation Proposal of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. and with the
     improvement in the efficiency of capital use and operating capacity, the Company plans to gradually
     increase the dividend rate to 33%, 36% and 40% for 2021, 2022 and 2023 to enhance the return of all
     shareholders.

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing financial statements of the Group in accordance
     with relevant statutory requirements and generally accepted accounting principles and ensuring that the
     financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position. In preparing the financial
     statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020, the Directors have adopted suitable
     accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent and
     reasonable; and prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.



90   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (continued)
The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report of this Annual Report.

The Board aims to present a comprehensive, balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
development and prospects in all corporate communications, including but not limited to annual, interim and
quarterly reports, any price sensitive announcements and financial disclosures required under the relevant
listing rules of the places where it securities are listed and other regulations, any reports to regulators as well
as to information required to be disclosed pursuant to other statutory requirements.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Group is committed to implementing and maintaining effective risk management and internal controls
procedures to identify and manage the risks faced by the Group, as well as to safeguard the interests of the
Group and our shareholders as a whole. The Board would ensure that adequate resources and management
attention will be devoted to strengthen its internal controls and risk management procedures.

The Board is responsible for overseeing adequate internal controls and risk management procedures in the
Group, reviewing their effectiveness on an on-going basis, and ensuring the Management has clearly defined
the authorities and key responsibilities of each business and operational unit for adequate checks and
balances. The Board has delegated to the Management the design, implementation and monitoring of the
Group’s risk management and internal control systems covering all material aspects, including financial,
operational, risk management functions and in compliance with all relevant regulations. Such systems are
designed to manage the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and provide reasonable, but not
absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Board is also responsible for ensuring that the Management has discharged its duty to have an effective
internal control system in terms of the adequacy of resources, qualification and experience of staff of the
Company’s finance and internal audit functions, and their training programme and budget.

Control Environment
—     Risk awareness and control responsibility are built into the company culture and are regarded as the
      foundation of risk management and internal control systems;

—     An effective internal audit function is maintained which is independent from operational management;

—     Whistleblowing Guideline of the Company is in place.

Internal Auditing Function
In response to the broadening of the Group’s scope of business activities and the increase in geographical
locations in which it operates, to face the challenges of the fast growing trend of new business and the
related financial and operational risks, the Group has continuously strengthened the functions of its Internal
Audit Department which provides independent and objective assurance and consulting activity designed to
add value and improve Company’s operations. It helps the Group in accomplishing its objectives by bringing
a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control,
and governance processes.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   91
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
     Internal Auditing Function (continued)
     The Internal Audit Department also provides independent and reasonably assurance that the internal controls
     system is effective and efficient. In order to carry out its functions, the Internal Audit Department is given
     unrestricted access to all business operations and personnel, all business files and accounting records. The
     head of the Department reports directly and regularly to the Audit Committee and CEO respectively on the
     findings of audit matters. The work schedule of the Internal Audit Department is based on an annual audit
     program reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee.

     Risk Management
     An enterprise-wide risk assessment with the Management and key-process owners had been institutionalised
     to identify major risks of all levels and to review the effectiveness of the key controls and mechanisms in
     place. It is intended that the risk management framework would be able to raise risk-awareness within senior
     management such that a safeguarding culture of the Group’s business and assets is to be developed and
     implemented.

     The Internal Audit Department of the Company plays a significant role in the risk management execution.
     Major risks of all levels facing the Group are identified and evaluated, and the management ultimately
     reviewed the identification and evaluation of these risks. Based on these measures, mitigation strategies and
     plans with respect to each key risk identified are developed and implemented, which include establishing or
     enhancing internal controls, with regular review and update so as to mitigate the risks to controllable range.
     The process of the work performed are reported regularly to the Audit Committee and the Board.

     Control Process
     The Company recognizes that the assessment of the internal control system is an on-going process, and
     management enhancements are required to address deficiencies in internal controls over operations,
     compliance and financial and non-financial reporting.

     There is a clearly-defined management structure with specified authority limits and segregated responsibilities
     to achieve business control objectives and safeguard of assets. Guidelines and approval limits for operating
     and capital expenditures are set clearly in advance, with division of operations and financial personnel
     responsible for the different approval processes. An internal budget system as well as expense system have
     been used to enhance the controls and effectiveness embedded in the approval process. Detective controls
     are also in place as safeguards for the business and operational processes.

     The Internal Audit Department establishes an annual internal control review plan for major internal control
     systems covering areas including operational control, financial control and compliance control (including
     review of controls on continuing connected transactions). The review tasks on various internal controls are
     prioritized in accordance with the risk level assessed or where significant changes have been taken place.

     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Internal Audit Department has conducted a review of the
     effectiveness of Group’s internal control system’s procedures on the major business and operational
     processes. Recommendations for further improvements have been reported to the Audit Committee as well
     as Board, together with its findings. Such recommendations have been or are being implemented by the
     Management with regular review.




92   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
Review of Control Effectiveness
The Audit Committee reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems by
reviewing the internal control assessment report of the Internal Audit Department. The Board has, through
the Audit Committee, reviewed and considered that for the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s risk
management and internal control systems were effective and adequate.

As part of the audit of the financial statements, the external auditor has issued its standard unqualified
report on their audit of the Company’s internal control on financial reporting system.

Inside Information
The Company has adopted the following procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination
of inside information:

(i)     the Company keeps updated on the obligations under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, the
        applicable listing rules and other statutory regulations with regard to the timely and proper disclosure
        of inside information and authorizes the disclosure through the publication of announcements as
        required;

(ii)    the Company implemented an Inside Information Disclosure Policy which the Company’s spokespersons
        have to strictly follow in communicating with the public;

(iii)   the Company adopted a Model Code for securities transactions by Directors, and by employees who
        are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company on no less exacting
        terms than that for the Directors; and

(iv)    the Company included in the employee conduct code that unauthorised uses of confidential and inside
        information are strictly prohibited.

REMUNERATION OF EXTERNAL AUDITORS
The domestic and overseas auditors of the Company for 2020 were Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP
and HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the audit fees payable/
paid by the Group to Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP was RMB10 million.

The audit fees payable/paid by the Group to HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited were RMB3.24 million. In
addition, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited was appointed as the Company’s reporting accountant in
relation to its listing by introduction of its H-Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, in relation to which
was non-statutory audit fees paid or payable to HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited was RMB19 million.




30 March 2021



                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   93
     Report of The Directors



     The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
     December 2020.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to be engaged in smart home business in
     China and overseas, evolving around a comprehensive portfolio of home appliances established over the
     years, covering primarily refrigeration appliances, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances and
     water appliances, with value-added consumer services. There were no significant changes in the nature of
     the Group’s principal activities during the year. The principal activity of the Company also includes
     investment holding.

     Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance,
     including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group and an indication of the
     Group’s likely future developments, can be found in the Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Business
     Review and Financial Review set out on pages 5 to 11 and 22 to 69 of this Annual Report. Such
     information forms part of the Report of The Directors.

     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
     The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the Group’s financial position as at that date
     are set out in the financial statements on pages 120 to 306.

     The Directors of the Company recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December
     2020 of RMB3.66 (2019: RMB3.75) in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax).

     SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
     last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
     appropriate, is set out on page 307. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.




94   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                              Report of The Directors




SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
On 30 July 2020, the Board of Directors deliberated and approved the Proposal on the Specific Scheme of
the Material Assets Reorganization (“《關 於 本 次 重 大 資 產 重 組 具 體 方 案 的 議 案》”). In this scheme, the
Company, as the offeror, requests the Board of Directors of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. (“Haier
Electronics”), upon satisfaction of the prerequisites, to put forward a proposal on privatizing Haier Electronics
by way of scheme arrangement to all shareholders (“Scheme Shareholders”) of Haier Electronics other than
the Company and its subsidiaries of shares that have been issued by Haier Electronics or may be issued
prior to the record date of the scheme arrangement (hereinafter referred to as “Scheme Shares”). The
proposal would be made in accordance with Section 99 of the Bermuda Companies Act in the form of a
scheme arrangement (“Scheme Arrangement”) involving, among other things, the cancellation of all the
Scheme Shares, whereby the Scheme Shareholders will receive the newly issued H-shares of the Company
and cash payment from Haier Electronics. The Scheme Arrangement will be specifically implemented through
the following steps: (1) all Scheme Shares will be cancelled; (2) for each cancelled Scheme Share, Scheme
Shareholders will receive 1.60 newly issued H-shares of the Company and cash payment of HK$1.95 from
Haier Electronics; (3) Haier Electronics will reduce the issued shares by canceling Scheme Shares, and
immediately after the reduction of the share capital, issue new shares to the Company, the number of which
is equal to the number of Scheme Shares so cancelled, so that the number of issued shares of Haier
Electronics would be increased to that of it before the Scheme Shares were cancelled; and after the
Scheme takes effect, the amount equivalent to the cash payment made to cancel the Scheme Shares will be
reduced from Haier Electronics’ share premium and other reserve accounts. Upon this Scheme Arrangement
taking effect: (1) Haier Electronics would be delisted from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and become a
wholly-owned or controlling subsidiary of the Company; (2) H-shares of the Company will be listed and
traded on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange by way of introduction; (3) the Scheme
Shareholders will become H-share shareholders of the Company. The privatization scheme took effect on
21 December 2020 (Bermuda time); Haier Electronics was delisted from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at
9:00 a.m. (Beijing time) on 23 December 2020 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company;
H-shares of Haier Smart Home was listed and traded on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
by way of introduction at 9:00 a.m. (Beijing time) on 23 December 2020. Scheme Shareholders (other than
non-qualified foreign shareholders) became H-share shareholders of the Company, the number of H Share
issued was 2,448,279,814; on 24 December 2020, Haier Electronic paid HK$1.95 to Scheme Shareholders
by cash cheque for each cancelled Scheme Share.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment, and investment properties of the Group during
the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out in notes 15 and 16 to the financial statements, respectively.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2020 are set out
in notes 37 to the financial statements.

During the year, the Company has completed the listing by way of introduction of H Shares of the Company
on the main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited for the purpose of the privatisation of
Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. by the Company. A total of 2,448,279,814 H Shares have been issued
and listed accordingly.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   95
     Report of The Directors




     CONVERTIBLE BONDS
     On 21 November 2017, Harvest International Company (the “Issuer”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
     the Company, issued the HK$8,000,000,000 Zero Coupon Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due on 21
     November 2022 (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds”) which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code:
     5024). The holders of the HSH Exchangeable Bonds (the “Bondholders”) are entitled to exchange their HSH
     Exchangeable Bonds into shares of Haier Electronics Group Co. Ltd (the “HEG Shares”) during the period
     specified under the terms and conditions of the HSH Exchangeable Bonds (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds
     Terms and Conditions”). In connection with the privatization of HEG, to provide Bondholders with an
     alternative investment management option in their HSH Exchangeable Bonds outside the various options
     available under the HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions, the Company has proposed to amend
     the HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions, such that, subject to the satisfaction of certain
     conditions precedent, after listing of the H shares of the Company, the HSH Exchangeable Bonds will not be
     exchangeable into the HEG Shares but will instead be convertible into the H Shares of the Company (the
     “EB-to-CB Proposal”). The HSH Exchangeable Bonds with such amended terms and conditions (the “HSH
     Convertible Bonds Terms and Conditions”) are hereafter referred to as the “HSH Convertible Bonds”. The
     EB-to-CB Proposal has became effective upon listing of H Shares of the Company and HK$7,993,000,000
     in aggregate principal amount of the HSH Convertible Bonds was outstanding initially. The initial conversion
     price per share of the HSH Convertible Bonds was approximately HK$19.5961. One time repayment of
     principal and interest (105.11% on remaining par value) will be made upon maturity. Subsequent to the
     balance sheet date, in accordance with the HSH Convertible Bonds Terms and Conditions, the conversion
     price per share has been adjusted to approximately HK$18.8369.

     There was no conversion of HSH Convertible Bonds to H Shares of the Company during the year.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions in the relevant PRC laws and the Company’s Articles of Association for granting
     pre-emptive rights to the Company’s existing shareholders.

     PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
     COMPANY
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed
     securities during the year ended 31 December 2020.

     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in note 55
     to the financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     At 31 December 2020, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the
     provisions of the Company Law of the PRC, amounted to approximately RMB4.35 billion, of which RMB3.4
     billion has been proposed as a final dividend for the year.




96   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                              Report of The Directors




ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group would closely focus on and implement the ESG concept of “Green, Life, and Care” and improve
the ESG standard in terms of ESG governance, ESG disclosure, and ESG management. The Group would
gradually incorporate impact of climate change into the Company’s strategic considerations and risk
management processes. In combination with the business development goals and previous annual emission
level and resource usage, the Group would set clear short/medium/long- term quantitative emission and
resource goals which are subject to regular review with improvement initiatives in place. The Group would
integrate global user and supply chain resources to create and develop an environmental-friendly and
society-harmonious green value chain. The Group would actively uphold corporate responsibility and protect
employees’ rights and interests, while giving back to the society, by carrying out public welfare activities and
bringing warmth to the society.

We strive to minimise any material adverse impact on the environment resulting from our business activities
and create a healthy and safe environment for our employees and communities. We have comprehensive
environmental, health and safety management policies and systems, formulated with the involvement of our
directors, in respect of environmental protection and conservation and the safety and health of our
employees and the communities in which we operate, to ensure that we meet compliance requirements on
environment, social and governance.

We have established a corporate governance framework that ensures proper environmental management. We
adhere to the core governance concept of “good faith management, standardized governance, and
transparent information”. We constantly improve the modern enterprise governance structure, continue to
standardise the internal governance structure and actively create a good external governance environment,
and effectively safeguarded the interests of all shareholders.

Further discussions of these activities are in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which will be
issued separately within the period as required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
The Board is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with
legal and regulatory requirements, with the assistance of the Internal Audit Department, the Legal
Department and the Board Secretary office of the Company. The Company has in place compliance
procedures to ensure adherence to the laws and regulations that are relevant to the Group.

The Group’s staff are regularly briefed and updated from time to time on the relevant changes in laws and
regulations so as to enhance their awareness of compliance obligations.

We are of the view that, the Group had complied, in all material respects, with all relevant laws and
regulations in the jurisdictions we operate in during the year. Particularly, our business operated in the PRC
territory complied with relevant PRC laws and regulations in all material respects, and no material
administrative penalties imposed on us have been found that may have a material adverse effect on our
Group’s business operations. We have formed a culture of compliance by implementing various measures
and processes to ensure that the behaviour of our employees meets compliance requirements and our
compliance culture is embedded into our everyday workflow.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   97
     Report of The Directors




     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     In the year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of the
     total sales for the year. Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of
     the total purchases for the year.

     During the year ended 31 December 2020, Haier Group Corporation, the substantial shareholders of the
     Company, had beneficial interests in three of the Group’s five largest suppliers.

     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders of the
     Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued
     share capital had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.

     DIRECTORS
     The Directors of the Company during the year were:

     Executive directors:                                 Independent non-executive directors:
     Mr. LIANG Haishan (Chairman)                         Mr. DAI Deming
     Mr. LI Huagang (Chief Executive Officer)             Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
                                                          Mr. WONG Hak Kun (appointed from 3 June 2020)
     Non-executive directors:                             Mr. SHI Tiantao (retired on 3 June 2020)
     Ms. TAN Lixia (Vice Chairwoman)
      (retired on 30 March 2021)
     Mr. WU Changqi
     Mr. LIN Sui
     Mr. YAN Andrew Y
      (retired on 3 November 2020)

     Mr. YAN Andrew Y retired as a Non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 3 November 2020.
     Mr. YAN had taken this decision to devote more time to his other business commitments.

     Mr. SHI Tiantao retired as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 3 June
     2020 as his term of office has expired.

     Subsequent to the balance sheet date, with effect from 5 March 2021, there are additions of directors as
     follows:

     Mr. XIE Juzhi was appointed as Executive director and Vice Chairman of the Company. Mr. YU Hon To,
     David and Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun were appointed as Non-executive Directors of the Company. Mr. LI Shipeng
     was appointed as Independent Non-executive Director of the Company.

     Ms. Tan Lixia retired as Non-executive Director and Vice Chairwoman of the Company with effect from 30
     March 2021. Ms. Tan had taken this decision due to working reason that she intends to devote more time
     and effort on other business she is responsible.




98   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                             Report of The Directors




DIRECTORS (continued)
The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of Mr. DAI Deming, Mr.
CHIEN Da-chun, Mr. WONG Hak Kun and Mr. LI Shipeng, and as at the date of this report, the Board still
considers them independent on the basis of such confirmations.

DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company and the senior management of the
Group are set out on pages 12 to 21 of the annual report.

CHANGES OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
Below are the changes of Directors’ information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules:

In the year under review, Mr. Liang Haishan and Mr. Li Huagang have retired as directors of Haier
Electronics Group Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, after its privatisation by the Company.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
During the year, no Director had a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not
determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY
A Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance is in place to protect the Directors and officers of the Group
against any potential liability arising from the Group’s activities which such directors and officers may be
held liable.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The Directors’ fees are subject to shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are
determined by the Company’s Board with reference to Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance
and the results of the Group.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, no director or supervisor nor a
connected entity of a director or supervisor had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company,
the holding companies of the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a
party during the year.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, none of the Directors is interested in any
businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
Group.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   99
      Report of The Directors




      DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES
      At 31 December 2020, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive in
      the share capital and underlying shares (“Share(s)”) of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
      meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register
      required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
      Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or
      pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, were as follows:

      Long positions in shares of the Company:


                                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                          Approximate       shareholding
                                                                                                        percentage of     interest in the
                                                                                                          shareholding        total share
                                                      Class of              Number                      interest in the           capital
                                                      Shares              of Shares Nature of           relevant class              of the
          Name                 Position               to be held         to be held interest                 of Shares          Company


          Mr. LIANG Haishan    Chairman of the Board A Shares            14,923,047 Beneficial owner          0.2366%           0.1653%
                                 and executive
                                 Director

          Ms. TAN Lixia        Vice Chairwoman of     A Shares            8,535,920 Beneficial owner          0.1353%           0.0946%
                                  the Board and       H Shares              368,851 Beneficial owner          0.0151%           0.0041%
                                  Non-executive
                                  Director

          Mr. LI Huagang       Executive Director and A Shares              694,607 Beneficial owner          0.0110%           0.0077%
                                 Chief Executive      H Shares              812,145 Beneficial owner          0.0332%           0.0090%
                                 Officer

          Mr. WANG Peihua      Chairman of the Board A Shares               161,067 Beneficial owner          0.0026%           0.0018%
                                 of Supervisors

          Mr. MING Guoqing     Supervisor             A Shares              105,511 Beneficial owner          0.0017%           0.0012%

      *       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2020 comprise 6,308,552,654
              A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,448,279,814 H Shares, representing approximately 69.88%, 3.00% and 27.12% of the total
              share capital of the Company, respectively.




100   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                           Report of The Directors




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
Long positions in the shares of the Associated Corporations:


                                                                                                Percentage
                                                                                               Shareholding
                                                                                                     in the
                                                            Name of Associated                   Associated
 Name                              Position                 Corporations                       Corporations


 Mr. LIANG Haishan                Chairman of the Board   Haier Electrical Appliances             0.000008%
                                   and executive Director   (Thailand) Company
                                                            Limited

                                                            P.T. Haier Electrical                   0.00002%
                                                              Appliances Indonesia

                                                            P.T. Haier Sales Indonesia                  0.01%

                                                            Haier Pakistan (Private)                 0.0167%
                                                              Limited

                                                            HNR Company (Private)                    0.0002%
                                                             Limited

                                                            Haier Russia Trading                         0.1%
                                                              Company LLC

 Ms. TAN Lixia                    Vice Chairwoman of the    Qingdao Haier Biomedical                    1.98%
                                    Board and Non-            Co., Ltd.
                                    executive Director
                                                            Haier Electrical Appliances           0.000008%
                                                              (Thailand) Company
                                                              Limited


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors and chief executive had any
interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporation
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   101
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
      The Company operates share award schemes as approved by the Board on 28 April 2016 (the “2016 Share
      Award Scheme”), 27 February 2017 (the “2017 Share Award Scheme”), 24 April 2018 (the “2018 Share
      Award Scheme”) and 29 April 2019 (the “2019 Share Award Scheme”, together with the 2016 Share Award
      Scheme, 2017 Share Award Scheme and 2018 Share Award Scheme, the “Share Award Schemes”),
      respectively. The awards granted or to be granted under the Share Award Schemes (the “Share Awards”)
      form part of the remuneration packages for the employees of our Company. The terms of the Share Award
      Schemes are similar to each other, and the Share Award Schemes have been operating in accordance with
      their terms.

      The Share Award Schemes are funded by the internal incentive funds established by the Company. The
      Shares under the Share Award Schemes shall be purchased from secondary markets. The Share Award
      Schemes are also entitled to subscribe the Shares to be issued under non-public issuance or placings of the
      Company from time to time on a fair basis.

      The duration of each Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 60 months for the 2016 Share Award Scheme
      and 2017 Share Award Scheme and 36 months for the 2018 Share Award Scheme and 2019 Share Award
      Scheme (the “Duration”), commencing from the time when the Company announces the registration of the
      underlying Shares to the Share Award Schemes. Upon expiry of the Duration, the Share Award Schemes
      shall be terminated, subject to any extension as may be approved by the Board.

      The Share Awards granted under the Share Award Schemes shall be generally subject to a two-year period
      (the “Vesting Period”) to assess the fulfilment of the vesting conditions (the “Vesting Conditions”). The
      Vesting Conditions were specifically designed by the Board for each tranche of the Share Awards granted to
      a particular selected participant. All Vesting Conditions contain in general objective criteria. Within the
      respective Durations, the Share Award Management Committee are entitled to prolong or shorten the
      assessment period and adjust the proportions of Share Awards to vest with certain selected participants
      under the Share Award Schemes. For each of the Share Award Schemes, upon expiry of the respective
      lock-up periods, the Share Awards shall vest with the selected participants in two tranches, while the
      specific time and proportion of Shares to be vested shall be determined by the Share Award Management
      Committee based on review of the performance of each selected participants. In particular, if the Share
      Award Management Committee has decided that the performance of a selected participants in the
      respective tranche(s) of assessment period had fully fulfilled his or her assessment standards, then (i) 40% of
      the Share Awards originally granted to such selected participant shall be vested at the end of the first year
      of the two-year assessment period (Tranche One); and/or (ii) 60% of the Share Awards originally granted to
      such selected participant shall be vested at the end of the second year of the two-year assessment period
      (Tranche Two).




102   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                              Report of The Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Vesting during the year
During the year, shares of 2018 Share Award Scheme vested for the second time. The directors,
supervisors, senior managers, and employees of the Company had not satisfied the Vesting Conditions and
no vesting for this time. The other 428 holders should allocate 4,640,815 shares according to the results of
the 2019 annual performance and personal assessment.

During the year, shares of 2019 Share Award Scheme vested for the first time. Based on a comprehensive
assessment of the holders, a total of 589 holders having 5,386,118 shares vested this time in which the
directors, supervisors and senior management of the Company (7 holders) had a total of 995,043 shares
vested. In particular, the details of shares vested with the directors and supervisors of the Company are as
follows:


                                                                                                   Shares Award (A Shares)
  Names                                          Positions                                         vested during year 2020


  2020
  Liang Haishan                                  Director                                                                 439,581
  Tan Lixia                                      Director                                                                 399,660
  Li Huagang (note*)                             Director                                                                  41,301
  Wang Peihua                                    Supervisor                                                                16,303
  Ming Guoqing                                   Supervisor                                                                11,006

Note* Apart from the A-shares vested from the share award scheme of the Company, Mr. Li Huagang also had 277,591 shares of Haier
      Electronics Group Co., Ltd. (“HEG”), subsidiary of the Company, vested during the year from the restricted shares award scheme of
      HEG.


The 2016 Share Award Scheme and the 2017 Share Award Scheme
As of the end of 2020, most of the underlying Shares pursuant to the 2016 Share Award Scheme and the
2017 Share Award Scheme have been granted and vested to the Selected Participants. 1,783,038 Shares
and 1,854,568 Shares are yet to be granted pursuant to the 2016 Share Award Scheme and the 2017
Share Award Scheme, respectively.




                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020      103
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      The 2018 Share Award Scheme and the 2019 Share Award Scheme
      As of the end of 2020, (i) 635 Selected Participants have been granted the Share Awards pursuant to each
      of the 2018 Share Award Scheme and 2019 Share Award Scheme, among which 18 are Directors,
      Supervisors, senior management and connected persons; (ii) the number of outstanding shares (A Shares)
      underlying the granted but unvested Share Awards pursuant to the 2018 Share Award Scheme and 2019
      Share Award Scheme are 5,553,816 shares and 11,270,660 shares, respectively, being 16,824,476 Shares
      in aggregate representing approximately 0.19% of the total issued share capital of the Company. All Shares
      Awards are granted and/or vested with the selected participants at nil consideration. In particular, the details
      of shares granted to the directors and supervisors of the Company which are outstanding are as follows:


                                                                              Number of
                                                                             outstanding        Approximate% of
                                                                          Shares granted      shareholding in the
        Names                                 Positions                     but unvested       total share capital


        Liang Haishan                         Director                             672,828                 0.0075%
        Tan Lixia                             Director                             605,545                 0.0067%
        Li Huagang                            Director                              63,216                 0.0007%
        Wang Peihua                           Supervisor                            24,954                 0.0003%
        Ming Guoqing                          Supervisor                            16,847                 0.0002%


      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES IN OR
      DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
      Save as the share awards granted and vested to the Directors and supervisors, at no time during the year
      ended 31 December 2020 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or
      debentures of the Company granted to any Directors, supervisors or their respective spouses or minor
      children, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company, its holding company, or any of
      its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and supervisors to
      acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

      CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
      The Group has contracts with Haier Corp and their subsidiaries and/or associates (collectively referred to as
      “Haier Affiliates”) for the transactions include those for Property Leasing Framework Agreement, Services
      Supply Framework Agreement, Services Procurement Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Sales
      Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and Financial Services
      Framework Agreement. Further details of the transactions undertaken in connection with these contracts
      during the year are included in the section “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS”.

      EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
      Save as the convertible bonds issued from the EB-to-CB Proposal, the Company has not engaged in any
      equity-linked agreement during the year ended 31 December 2020.




104   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                               Report of The Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
At 31 December 2020, the following shareholders who have interest in 5% or more of the issued share
capital of the Company were recorded in the register of substantial shareholders as required to be kept by
the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions:


                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                 Approximate        percentage of
                                                                                                percentage of        shareholding
                                                                                                 shareholding          in the total
                                Class of           Number of                                             in the      share capital
    Name of                     Shares                 Shares                                   relevant class              of the
    Shareholder                 to be held         to be held Nature of interest                     of Shares           Company


    Haier Group                 A Share         2,576,559,148 Beneficial owner                          40.84%              28.54%
      CorporationNotes 1 to 4
                                                              Interest in controlled
                                                                 corporation
                                                              Interest through voting rights
                                                                 entrustment arrangement
                                H Share           538,560,000 Interest in controlled                    22.00%               5.97%
                                                                 corporation
                                D Share            57,142,857 Interest in controlled                    21.08%               0.63%
                                                                 corporation

    Haier COSMO Co.,            A Share         1,258,684,824 Beneficial owner                          19.95%              13.94%
      Ltd.Notes 1 and 2

    HCH (HK) Investment         H Share           538,560,000 Beneficial owner                          22.00%               5.97%
      Management Co.,
      LimitedNote 3

    Haier International Co.,    D Share            57,142,857 Beneficial owner                          21.08%               0.63%
      LimitedNote 4

    Other H Class
      ShareholdersNote 5

    Other D class
      ShareholdersNote 6

*        The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2020 comprise 6,308,552,654
         A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,448,279,814 H Shares, representing approximately 69.88%, 3.00% and 27.12% of the total
         share capital of the Company, respectively.




                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020     105
      Report of The Directors




      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Notes:


      1.       Haier Group Corporation holds directly 1,072,610,764 A Shares. In addition, Haier Group Corporation indirectly owns or controls (i)
               1,258,684,824 A Shares through Haier COSMO Co., Ltd. (海爾卡奧斯股份有限公司) (formerly Haier Electric Appliances International
               Co., Ltd.), one of its subsidiaries, (ii) 172,252,560 A Shares through Qingdao Haier Venture & Investment Information Co., Ltd., one
               of its subsidiaries and (iii) 73,011,000 A Shares through Qingdao Haichuangzhi Management Consulting Enterprise (Limited
               Partnership), a party acting in concert with Haier Group Corporation.


      2.       Haier Group Corporation holds 51.20% of the issued shares in Haier COSMO Co. Ltd. (海 爾 卡 奧 斯 股 份 有 限 公 司) (formerly Haier
               Electric Appliances International Co., Ltd.), and is also entitled to exercise the remaining 48.80% voting rights in Haier Cosmo Co.,
               Ltd. through an irrevocable voting rights entrustment arrangement.


      3        HCH (HK) Investment Management Co., Limited (“HCH (HK)”) holds 538,560,000 H Shares. Haier Group Corporation controls 100%
               voting rights in HCH (HK), thus is deemed to be interested in the 538,560,000 H Shares held by HCH (HK).


      4.       Haier International Co., Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group Corporation. Therefore, Haier Group Corporation is
               deemed to be interested in the 57,142,857 D Shares held by Haier International Co., Limited.


      5.       Green Court Capital Management Limited held 132,825,600 H Shares, representing approximately 5.43% of the total number of H
               Shares; Citigroup Inc. held 132,392,816 H Shares, representing approximately 5.40% of the total number of H Shares.


      6.       Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd. held 55,000,000 D Shares, representing approximately 20.29% of the total number of D Shares; China
               Investment Corporation held 24,000,000 D Shares, representing approximately 8.86% of the total number of D Shares; Rechi
               Precision Co. Ltd. held 18,058,672 D Shares, representing approximately 6.66% of the total number of D Shares.


      Short positions and Lending pools:

      Citigroup Inc. had a short position of 15,266,363 H Shares, representing approximately 0.62% of the total
      number of H Shares; and had a lending pool of 115,517,061 H Shares, representing approximately 4.71% of
      the total number of H Shares.

      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, no person, other than the Directors of the Company,
      whose interests are set out in the section “Directors’ interests and short positions in shares and underlying
      shares” above, had registered an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the
      Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




106   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                          Report of The Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Haier Group directly and indirectly own 35.14% of the voting rights of the Company. Haier Group, together
with its associates as defined under Rule 14A.13 of the Listing Rules, are therefore the Company’s
connected persons by virtue of Rules 14A.07(1) and 14A.07(4) of the Listing Rules.

Following the listing of the Company by way of introduction on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange (in the form of H Shares) for the privatisation of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. by the
Company, the transactions between members of the Group and Haier Group constitute continuing
connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. These connected
transactions have complied with the disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The non-exempt continuing connected transactions include those for Property Leasing Framework
Agreement, Services Supply Framework Agreement, Services Procurement Framework Agreement, Products
and Materials Sales Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and
Financial Services Framework Agreement. These continuing connected transaction agreements shall remain
in force from the listing date of H-shares to 31 December 2022 (except that the Financial Services
Framework Agreement shall remain in force for the period from the listing date of H-Shares of the Company
to the date of the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company). Further details and reasons of these
transactions are as follows:

During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group had the following material transactions with Haier
Group:

                                                   Cap Amounts               Transaction Amounts
                                                          2020                   2020            2019
                                          Notes        RMB’000               RMB’000         RMB’000


  Property Leasing Framework
    Agreement                               (i)           157,000              114,000               136,000

  Services Supply Framework
    Agreement                              (ii)           308,000              308,000               269,000

  Services Procurement Framework
    Agreement                              (iii)        4,876,000           4,808,000              4,240,000

  Products and Materials Sales
    Framework Agreement                    (iv)         4,638,000           3,153,000              5,257,000

  Products and Materials Procurement
    Framework Agreement                    (v)         20,500,000          19,115,000            19,976,000

  Financial Services Framework
    Agreement                              (vi)




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   107
      Report of The Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
                                                                             Cap Amounts                     Transaction Amounts
                                                                                    2020                         2020            2019
                                                                Notes            RMB’000                     RMB’000         RMB’000


             Deposit Services                                     (vi)
             (a) Maximum daily outstanding
                   balance                                                        25,100,000               24,987,000               17,752,000
             (b) Interest income                                                      86,000                   86,000                   81,000

             Loan Services                                        (vi)
             (a) Maximum daily outstanding
                   balance                                                          3,977,000                3,628,000               2,737,000
             (b) Interest expense                                                     103,000                   86,000                  73,000

             Other Financial Services                             (vi)
             (a) Maximum daily trading balance of
                  Foreign exchange derivative
                  products                                                          5,500,000                4,418,000               1,850,000
             (b) Service fee                                                           22,000                   18,000                  22,000

      Notes:


      (i)       The Group rents certain properties from Haier Group and its associates from time to time for the Group offices and business uses,
                for which Haier Group will charge the Group rental and other charges. The purpose is that our Group has historically occupied
                certain properties owned by Haier Group and its associates for our offices and business uses. Since the relocation of such entities
                of our Group to other premises would result in unnecessary interruptions to our business and would incur unnecessary additional
                expenses, our Group entered into the Property Leasing Framework Agreement with Haier Group to ensure continuing smooth
                operation of our Group and to save costs.


                The pricing policy (including but not limited to the rental and services fees to be paid by our Group to Haier Group and its
                associates, payment progress and method) shall be negotiated between Haier Group and its associates and our Group at arm’s
                length basis, with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of transactions with independent third parties.


      (ii)      The Group has provided certain sales-related services mainly include after-sale services and value-added consumer services, such
                as installation, calibration, consultation, repair and maintenance and technical support and other services to Haier Group and its
                associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


                The purpose is that our Group has also entered into the Products Sales Framework Agreement with Haier Group, pursuant to which
                our Group will provide certain Products and Materials for Sale to Haier Group and its associates from time to time. The provision of
                sales-related services under the Services Supply Framework Agreement provides Haier Group with a one-stop solution in relation to
                its demands for Products and Materials for Sale from us. The enhancement of purchase experience of Haier Group through
                provision of sales-related services helps our Group maintain a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group.


                Pricing for the after-sale and value-added services provided by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the
                Services Supply Framework Agreement varies taking into account the type and nature of each type of services, and pricing
                increases when a higher degree of technicality or costs are involved for the required service. Each type of services shall be
                provided on terms no less favourable to our Group than those prevailing in the PRC market for the services of the same or
                comparable type, nature and quality and at similar time, with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of
                transactions with independent third parties.




108   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                   Report of The Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Notes: (continued)


(iii)   The Group will purchase certain services mainly include logistics services, advertising, promotional and marketing services and other
        comprehensive services from Haier Group and its associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


        The purpose is that the Group and Haier Group have a long-term and stable business relationship. Haier Group is familiar with our
        business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements, and is able to supply relevant services we needed on
        a constant basis. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier
        Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for the relevant services in a stable and quality manner.


        The fees to be paid by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the Services Procurement Framework Agreement
        shall be determined with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of transactions with independent third
        parties, or negotiated by the parties on an arm’s-length basis by taking into consideration factors including but not limited to actual
        costs and expenses and market conditions. The prices and terms shall be no less favourable than those offered to our Group by
        independent third parties.


(iv)    The Group has to provide certain products and materials mainly include products for internal consumption, components and raw
        materials for production use and full-suite smart home solutions, including ancillary products and services to Haier Group and its
        associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


        The purpose is that the Group is familiar with Haier Group’s business process and needs, quality standards and operational
        requirements, and is able to supply the Products and Materials for Sale needed by Haier Group on a constant basis and provides
        our Group with a stable income. Our Directors believe that maintaining a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group
        will facilitate our current and future business operations. In addition, our Group is able to leverage on the centralised procurement
        platforms to source the components and materials requested by Haier Group from time to time at a relatively lower cost and profit
        from the spread offered, thereby enjoying benefits from economies of scale.


        The fees to be charged for the Products and Materials for Sale to be sold by our Group to Haier Group and its associates
        pursuant to the Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement shall be at such prices to be agreed between the parties, in
        particular:

        —      The prices of sales of products and the smart home solutions will be determined taking into account the type of products
               and solutions, retail volume, market conditions and others, and will be not lower than the price of products and solutions of
               the similar nature, type and quality provided by our Group to comparable independent third parties in the market.

        —      The prices of sales of components and materials will be determined based on actual sales prices of the components and
               materials plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and administrative
               expenses of the members of our Group in providing the components and materials) of no more than 1.25%.


        The sales (including the applied discount rates and commission fee rates) shall be on terms no less favourable to our Group than
        those prevailing in the PRC market for products, components and materials of the same or comparable type, nature and quality and
        at similar time as well as those offered by our Group to independent third parties.


(v)     The Group has to procure certain products and materials mainly include products for internal consumption and resale uses, production
        and experimental equipment used, idled, procured and/or tailor-made by Haier Group and its associates for the Group internal
        consumption use, and raw materials and parts required for production use from Haier Group and its associates on a non-exclusive
        basis, from time to time.


        The purpose is that Haier Group is familiar with our business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements,
        and is able to supply the Products and Materials to Procure needed by us on a constant basis. Our Group is allowed to leverage
        on the scale and efficiency of the centralised procurement platform of Haier Group and its associates for its production operations
        of different segments thereby lowering our Group’s procurement costs. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with
        Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for
        relevant stable and quality products, equipment and materials.


        The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the products to procure shall be negotiated by the
        parties at arm’s length basis on terms no less favourable than those offered to our Group by independent third parties. In the event
        that there are no appropriate independent third parties providing products and materials of same or similar quality, our Group will
        refer to the fees and terms of products of same or similar quality provided by Haier Group and its associates to independent third
        parties, cost of products and materials, estimated value and market price for comparison and referencing purpose.




                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020         109
      Report of The Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      (v)    (continued)


             The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the equipment to procure will be determined based
             on arm’s length negotiation after taking into account various factors such as the sources, depreciation, and net asset values of such
             equipment, relevant cost and expense (such as purchase price of such equipment, relevant operational and administrative
             expenses, etc.), with reference to the estimated values and market prices, which is determined based on the historical prices paid
             by our Group to independent third parties in procuring the equipment of similar type and quality.


             The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the materials to procure will be determined based on
             the actual cost (for example, prices obtained by Haier Group and/or its associates through bidding process (if applicable) or other
             actual purchase prices) plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and administrative
             expenses of Haier Group and its associates in providing the materials) of no more than 1.25%, or based on market prices.


      (vi)   Haier Group and its associates mainly Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Limited and Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (collectively
             “Haier Group Finance”) etc., agreed to provide financial services mainly include deposit services, Loan services and entrusted loan
             services and other financial services to the Group on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


             The purpose is that Haier Group Finance, as enterprise group finance companies specialising in home appliance industry, can,
             subject to the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission provide a chain of various financial solutions
             to our Group in a more efficient and flexible manner than independent commercial banks. The benefits to our Group to use the
             financial services of Haier Group Finance include: (i) Haier Group Finance’s better understanding of the operations and development
             needs of our Group which should allow more expedient and efficient provision of various tailor-made packaged financial services to
             our Group than other external banks in the PRC; and (ii) the enhanced cost savings by reducing the amount of finance fees and
             charges payable to external banks when Haier Group Finance can offer more favourable terms than those offered by external
             banks.


             In terms of deposit services, pursuant to the Financial Services Framework Agreement, in respect of domestic RMB deposits, Haier
             Group and its associates provides deposit services to our Group, referring to the benchmark deposit interest rate announced by the
             PBOC on its official website for the same period from time to time, at an interest rate no less favourable than the highest interest
             rate for the same type of deposits as quoted by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, China
             Construction Bank, Bank of China and all the listed national joint stock banks in the PRC.


             In terms of loan services, Haier Group and its associates will provide loans to our Group at a price no less favourable than the
             market prices determined at arm’s length basis with reference to the borrowing rate for the same type of loans charged by other
             major financial institutions/commercial banks. The entrusted loan services provided by Haier Group and its associates as a financial
             service institution for our Group are provided on a free-of-charge basis. Our Group may use the internet banking system of Haier
             Group and its associates for settlement on a free-of-charge basis.


             In terms of provision of Other Financial Services, the fees charged by Haier Group and its associates will be determined based on
             relevant market prices with reference to the benchmark rates published by the PBOC on its official website from time to time; if
             there is no such benchmark rates published by the PBOC for that kind of financial service, the fee will be determined with
             reference to, amongst other factors, the rates charged by other major financial institutions/commercial banks for the same types of
             services and on terms no less favourable than those offered by independent commercial banks/financial institutions in the PRC to
             our Group. Haier Group and its associates pools its resource advantages to obtain the lowest service fees and the best services
             from external financial institutions, and agrees that Haier Group and its associates will not charge any intermediate fees except
             those charged by external banks. In addition, Haier Group and its associates agrees to waive all the service fees to be paid by our
             Group to Haier Group and its associates, including without limitation, POS fees, account management fees, online banking
             activation fees, inquiry fees, deposit certificate fees, credit certificate fees, and internal settlement fees.




110   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                Report of The Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
The internal audit department of the Company reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the
adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control procedures, and provided the findings to the independent
non-executive Directors to assist them in performing their annual reviews. The independent non-executive
Directors also made appropriate enquiries with the management to ensure that they have sufficient
information to review the transactions and the internal control procedures. The INEDs have reviewed the
continuing connected transactions set out above and have confirmed that these continuing connected
transactions were entered into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(ii)    on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
        independent third parties; and

(iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
        in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The amounts of the continuing connected transactions have not exceeded the cap disclosed in the listing
document for H Shares of the Company.

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, the Company’s auditors, were engaged to report on the Group’s
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with
reference to Practice Note 740 Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng
Limited, have issued their unqualified letter to the Board containing their findings and conclusions in respect
of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of
the Listing Rules as follows:

a.      nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing
        connected transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors.

b.      for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their
        attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in
        accordance with the pricing policies of the Group.

c.      nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not
        entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
        transactions.

d.      with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions set out in the
        above list of continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their attention that causes the
        auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual cap
        as set by the Company.

A copy of the auditor’s letter will be provided by the Company to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in April
2021.



                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   111
      Report of The Directors




      MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
      No contracts concerning the management and/or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
      business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

      DONATIONS
      During the year, the Company’s expenditures on targeted measures in poverty alleviation was approximately
      RMB40.58 million.

      TAXATION POLICIES FOR DIVIDEND
      Taxation policies applicable to the shareholders in respect of the cash dividend received for the shares held
      by them in the Company shall follow the laws and regulations as revised from time to time by the State,
      details in relation thereto will be otherwise announced by the Company.

      SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
      Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as
      at the date of this report, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public,
      and the H Shares was more than 15% of our Company’s total number of issued shares. Therefore, the
      Company is able to meet the minimum public float requirement under the Listing Rules.

      EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Details of the significant events of the Group after the reporting period are set out in note 56 to the financial
      statements.

      AUDITORS
      There have been no changes of auditors in the preceding three years, and Hexin Certified Public
      Accountants LLP audited the 2020 annual financial statements prepared by the Company in accordance with
      Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (PRC Accounting Standards).

      HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited was appointed on 5 March 2021 and audited the 2020 annual financial
      statements prepared by the Company in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.




      On behalf of the Board




      Liang Haishan
      Chairman

      Qingdao, the PRC
      30 March 2021




112   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                  Independent Auditors’ Report




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
HAIER SMART HOME CO., LTD.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 120 to 306, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   113
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
        Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter


        Provision for impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets

        Refer to Notes 2.3, 18 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements

        The Group had goodwill and other intangible         Our procedures in relation to the management’s
        assets with carrying amounts of approximately       impairment assessment included:
        RMB22,518 million and RMB8,957 million
        respectively as at 31 December 2020.                •      Evaluating the competency, capabilities and
                                                                   objectively of the independent professional
        This impairment assessment conclusion was
                                                                   external valuer;
        arrived at based on estimation of the recoverable
        amount of the goodwill and other intangible
                                                            •      Assessing the appropriateness of the
        assets as at 31 December 2020 using the
                                                                   methodology and key assumptions and inputs
        value-in-use model, which required exercise
        of management judgment with respect to the                 used based on our knowledge of the business
        determination of appropriate discount rate and             and of the relevant industry and using our
        estimation of forecasted cash flows for the                valuation experts;
        financial projection period, in particular future
        revenue growth.                                     •      Challenging management about the valuation
                                                                   reasonableness of key assumptions and inputs
        We focused on this area due to the size of                 used, based on our knowledge of the business
        the balances and the judgement exercised                   and industry; and
        by management in determining impairment
        assessment on goodwill and Independent external     •      Checking, on sampling basis, the accuracy and
        valuation were obtained in order to support                relevance of the input data used.
        management’s estimates other intangible assets
        as at 31 December 2020.                             Based on the procedures performed, we found the
                                                            management judgement and estimates used in
                                                            impairment assessment were supported by the
                                                            available evidence.




114   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                    Independent Auditors’ Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
 Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories

 Refer to Notes 2.3 and 25 to the consolidated financial statements

 As at 31 December 2020, the Group had                Our procedures in relation to the management’s
 inventories of approximately RMB29,447 million       assessment for obsolete and slow-moving inventory
 and recognised provision for obsolete and slow-      included:
 moving inventories of approximately RMB1,015
 million to statement of profit or loss during the    •      Evaluating the estimates made by management
 year 31 December 2020.
                                                             and used to determine the provision obsolete
                                                             and slow-moving inventories during the year and
 The provision against obsolete and slow-moving
                                                             compare to the provisions made in prior year;
 inventories is estimated based on the net
 realisable value of the inventories with reference
 to the latest selling prices and current market      •      Performing a recalculation, on a sample basis, of
 conditions.                                                 the inventory provision made on individual
                                                             inventories;
 Management judgement is involved in estimate
 the selling price for inventories, the costs of      •      Sample checking on the subsequent selling price
 completion and the costs necessary to make the              of finished goods; and
 sale.
                                                      •      Checking the ageing profile of inventories, the
 We focused on this area due to the size of                  historical sales and usage records of the
 the balances and the judgement exercised by                 inventories.
 management in determining the obsolete and
 slow-moving inventories.                             Based on the procedures performed, we consider
                                                      management’s judgement and estimates in the
                                                      provision assessment against obsolete and slow-
                                                      moving inventories, to be supported by the available
                                                      evidence.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   115
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
        Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


        Provision for product warranties

        Refer to Notes 2.3 and 34 to the consolidated financial statements

        As at 31 December 2020, the Group had                Our procedures in relation to the management’s
        provision. for product warranties of approximately   assessment for product warranties included:
        RMB2,911 million. Product warranty provisions
        are made with reference to the sales volume and      •      Evaluating the estimates made by management
        the expected unit costs for warranty services.              and used to determine the provision for product
                                                                    warranties during the year and compare to the
        The assessment of the provision amount involves
                                                                    provisions made in prior year;
        management assumptions, judgements and
        estimates.
                                                             •      Performing a recalculation, on a sample basis, of
        We focused on this area due to the size of                  the provision made;
        the balances and the judgement exercised by
        management in determining the obsolete and           •      Sample checking on the subsequent costs of
        slow-moving inventories.                                    warranty services; and

                                                             •      Comparing the provision made by the Group and
                                                                    the operation result of the Group.

                                                             Based on the procedures performed, we consider
                                                             management’s judgement and estimates in the
                                                             assessment provision for product warranties, to be
                                                             supported by the available evidence.




116   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                    Independent Auditors’ Report




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’
report thereon (the “Other Information”).

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the Other Information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the Other
Information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report
that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   117
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
      skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
            due to fraud or error, design, and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
            evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
            a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
            involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
            are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
            effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

      •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
            and related disclosures made by the directors.

      •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
            based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
            conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
            conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
            the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
            to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
            auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
            going concern.

      •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
            the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
            transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
            activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
            responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
            responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
      of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
      identify during our audit.

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
      may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
      threats or safeguards applied.




118   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                    Independent Auditors’ Report




AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Tien Sun Kit, Jack.




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Tien Sun Kit, Jack
Practising Certificate Number: P07364

Hong Kong, 30 March 2021




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   119
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                              2020        2019
                                                                    Notes   RMB’M        RMB’M


        CONTINUING OPERATIONS
        REVENUE                                                      5       209,703     198,006
        Cost of sales                                                       (148,870)   (139,393)


        Gross profit                                                          60,833      58,613
        Other gains or losses                                        5         3,994        3,324
        Selling and distribution expenses                                    (33,641)    (33,843)
        Administrative expenses                                              (17,930)    (17,165)
        Finance costs                                                7        (1,321)      (1,732)
        Share of profits and losses of associates                              1,620        1,409


        PROFIT BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING
          OPERATIONS                                                 6       13,555      10,606
        Income tax expenses                                          10      (2,232)      (1,584)


        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR FROM CONTINUING
         OPERATIONS                                                          11,323        9,022

        DISCONTINUED OPERATION
        Profit for the year from discontinued operation              11           —        3,313


        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                  11,323      12,335


        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
           subsequently periods:
           Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of
             associates                                                         (342)        103
           Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
             instrument for cashflow hedges, net of tax                          (97)         (21)
           Exchange differences on translating foreign operations             (2,004)        500


                                                                              (2,443)        582


        Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in
           subsequent periods:
           Changes arising from re-measurement of defined
             benefit plans                                                       (23)        (10)
           Change in fair value of equity investments designated
             at fair value through other comprehensive income
             (“FVTOCI”), net of tax                                             (110)          (3)


                                                                                (133)        (13)




120   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                         2020                  2019
                                                    Notes              RMB’M                  RMB’M


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
 FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                                (2,576)                  569


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                  8,747                12,904


Profit for the year attributable to owners of the
  Company
  — from continuing operations                                           8,877                  6,715
  — from discontinued operations                     11                     —                   1,491


                                                                         8,877                  8,206


Profit for the year attributable to
  non-controlling interests
  — from continuing operations                                           2,446                  2,307
  — from discontinued operations                     11                     —                   1,822


                                                                         2,446                  4,129


                                                                        11,323                12,335


Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                  6,340                  8,751
  Non-controlling interests                                              2,407                  4,153


                                                                         8,747                12,904


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
 ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

From continuing and discontinued operations
  — Basic (RMB per share)                            13                    1.34                  1.29


  — Diluted (RMB per share)                          13                    1.31                  1.19


From continuing operations
  — Basic (RMB per share)                            13                    1.34                  1.05


  — Diluted (RMB per share)                          13                    1.31                  0.96




                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   121
      Consolidated Statement of
      Financial Position
      As as 31 December 2020




                                                                2020     2019
                                                      Notes   RMB’M     RMB’M


        NON-CURRENT ASSETS
        Property, plant and equipment                  15      24,815    23,919
        Investment properties                          16          28        29
        Right-of-use assets                           17(a)     3,901     3,802
        Goodwill                                       18      22,518    23,352
        Other intangible assets                        19       8,957     9,640
        Interests in associates                        20      21,569    20,461
        Equity investments designated at FVTOCI        21       2,659     1,396
        Financial assets measured at fair value
           through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)            22          —        295
        Financial assets measured at amortised cost    23         331       332
        Derivative financial instruments               24          47        77
        Long-term prepayments                          27       1,404     1,423
        Deferred tax assets                            36       2,208     1,579
        Other non-current assets                                  759       581

        Total non-current assets                               89,196    86,886

        CURRENT ASSETS
        Inventories                                    25      29,447    28,229
        Trade and bills receivables                    26      30,066    24,967
        Contract assets                               32(a)       263       423
        Prepayments, deposits and other receivables    27       5,212     6,441
        Financial assets measured at FVTPL             22       2,165       308
        Financial assets measured at amortised cost    23         554     3,981
        Derivative financial instruments               24          78        19
        Pledged deposits                               28         822     1,211
        Other deposit with limited use                 28           4         5
        Cash and cash equivalents                      28      45,635    34,963

                                                              114,246   100,547
        Assets and disposal group held for sale        29          17        21

        Total current assets                                  114,263   100,568

        CURRENT LIABILITIES
        Trade and bills payables                       30      57,539    53,059
        Other payables and accruals                    31      22,519    19,726
        Contract liabilities                          32(b)     7,049     5,583
        Interest-bearing borrowings                    33      12,643    13,315
        Lease liabilities                             17(b)       671       595
        Tax payable                                             1,371     1,278
        Bonds                                          44       5,535        —
        Provisions                                     34       1,881     1,992
        Derivative financial instruments               24         239        99
        Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL        43          27        43

        Total current liabilities                             109,474    95,690



122   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                         As as 31 December 2020




                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                             Notes              RMB’M                  RMB’M


 NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                               4,789                  4,878

 TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                           93,985                91,764

 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                  33                 11,858                13,370
 Lease liabilities                                           17(b)                2,073                 1,980
 Convertible and exchangeable bonds                           45                  6,714                 7,005
 Deferred income                                             35(a)                  551                   628
 Deferred tax liabilities                                     36                  1,900                 1,154
 Provisions for pensions and similar obligations              50                  1,246                 1,122
 Provisions                                                   34                  1,443                 1,399
 Put option liabilities                                      35(b)                   —                     55
 Other non-current liabilities                                                       89                    61

 Total non-current liabilities                                                   25,874                26,774

 Net assets                                                                      68,111                64,990


 EQUITY
 Share capital                                                37                  9,028                 6,580
 Reserves                                                    39(a)               57,788                41,307

 Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                    66,816                47,887
 Non-controlling interests                                   39(b)                1,295                17,103

 Total equity                                                                    68,111                64,990


The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on
30 March 2021 and signed on its behalf by:




                 Mr. Liang Haishan                                      Mr. Li Huagang
                     Chairman                                          Executive Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   123
124

                                                                                                                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Exchange
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 differences on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Convertible                   translation of
                                                                                                                                       Remeasurement      Cash flow                        Equity                           and                         financial
                                                                                                                                           of defined        hedges          FVTOCI      method        Reserve exchangeable                          statements                                          Non-
                                                                                                                     Issued    Capital benefit plans         reserve         reserve investments         funds bonds reserves         Retained            reserve       Other       Total           controlling       Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                As as 31 December 2020

                                                                                                                      equity   reserve        reserve (Note 39(a)(iv)) (Note 39(a)(v))    reserve (Note 39(a)(i)) (Note 39(a)(ii))      profits (Note 39 (a)(iii))   reserves    reserves     Total interests        equity
                                                                                                             Notes   RMB’M     RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M              RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M        RMB’M


                                                At 1 January 2019                                                      6,369     1,603              70              40             (26)         (66)         2,287            904       26,911                755        848      33,326     39,695      16,052     55,747
                                                Profit for the year                                                       —         —               —               —               —            —              —              —         8,206                 —          —        8,206      8,206       4,129     12,335
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Consolidated Statement of
                                                Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                                                  — Share of other comprehensive income
Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020



                                                       of associates                                                      —         —               —               —               —            84             —               —            —                 —           —          84         84          19        103
                                                  — Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
                                                       instrument for cashflow hedges, net of tax                         —         —               —              (36)             —            —              —               —            —                 —           —         (36)       (36)         15         (21)
                                                  — Exchange differences on translating
                                                       foreign operations                                                 —         —               —               —               —            —              —               —            —                510          —         510        510          (10)      500
                                                  — Changes arising from re-measurement of
                                                       defined benefit plans                                              —         —               (10)            —               —            —              —               —            —                 —           —         (10)       (10)          —         (10)
                                                  — Change in fair value of equity investments
                                                       designated at FVTOCI                                               —         —               —               —               (3)          —              —               —            —                 —           —           (3)        (3)         —           (3)


                                                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                            —         —               (10)           (36)             (3)          84             —               —        8,206                510          —       8,751      8,751       4,153     12,904

                                                Dividend payments                                             12          —         —               —               —               —            —             —                —        (2,235)               —           —      (2,235)    (2,235)          —      (2,235)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Changes in Equity
                                                Capital injection of non-controlling interests                            —         23              —               —               —            —             —                —            —                 —           —          23         23          737        760
                                                Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                —         —               —               —               —            —             —                —            —                 —           —          —          —          (579)      (579)
                                                Transfer to reserves fund                                                 —         —               —               —               —            —            367               —          (367)               —           —          —          —            —          —
                                                Disposal of subsidiaries                                                  —         —               —               —               —            —             —                —            —                 —           —          —          —        (1,904)    (1,904)
                                                Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not
                                                  result in a loss of control                                            —        (577)             —               —               —            —              —               —            —                 —           —        (577)      (577)      (1,264)    (1,841)
                                                Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                 —           1              —               —               —            —              —               —            —                 —           —            1          1        (121)      (120)
                                                Deemed disposal of associates                                            —           —              —               —               —            —              —               —            —                 —          (50)        (50)       (50)         —          (50)
                                                Business combination under common control                                —        (280)             —               —               —            —              —               —            —                 —           —        (280)      (280)          —        (280)
                                                Converted convertible bonds to shares                                   211      2,867              —               —               —            —              —             (473)          —                 —           —       2,394      2,605           —       2,605
                                                Other changes                                                            —           —              —               —               —            —              —               —           (46)               —           —          (46)       (46)         29         (17)


                                                At 31 December 2019                                                    6,580     3,637              60               4             (29)          18          2,654            431       32,469              1,265        798      41,307     47,887      17,103     64,990
                                                                                                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                              Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Convertible
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and                      Exchange
                                                                                                                                                                                                         exchangeable                  differences on
                                                                                                                                                     Cash flow                                                  bonds                   translation of
                                                                                                                                      Remeasurement    hedges      FVTOCI         Equity   Reserve           reserves/                        financial
                                                                                                                                          of defined   reserve     reserve      method       funds         Convertible                     statements                                                      Non-
                                                                                                                    Issued    Capital benefit plans (Note 39(a) (Note 39(a) investments (Note 39(a)       bond reverse      Retained            reserve       Other    Treasury       Total           controlling      Total
                                                                                                                     equity   reserve        reserve       (iv))        (v))     reserve        (i))     (Note 39(a)(ii))     profits (Note 39 (a)(iii))   reserves      shares    reserves     Total interests       equity
                                                                                                            Notes   RMB’M     RMB’M          RMB’M     RMB’M       RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M              RMB’M         RMB’M              RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M     RMB’M       RMB’M


                                                At 1 January 2020                                                     6,580     3,637             60          4          (29)          18        2,654               431      32,469              1,265        798           —       41,307    47,887      17,103    64,990
                                                Profit for the year                                                      —         —              —           —           —            —            —                 —        8,877                 —          —            —        8,877     8,877       2,446    11,323
                                                Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                                                  — Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income
                                                         of associates                                                   —         —              —           —           —          (369)          —                 —            —                 —           —           —         (369)     (369)         27       (342)
                                                  — Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
                                                         instrument for cashflow hedges, net of tax                      —         —              —         (104)         —            —            —                 —            —                 —           —           —         (104)     (104)          7        (97)
                                                  — Exchange differences on translating
                                                         foreign operations                                              —         —              —           —           —            —            —                 —            —             (1,991)         —           —       (1,991)    (1,991)       (13)    (2,004)
                                                  — Changes arising from re-measurement of defined
                                                         benefit plans                                                   —         —             (23)         —           —            —            —                 —            —                 —           —           —          (23)       (23)        —         (23)
                                                  — Change in fair value of equity investments
                                                         designated at FVTOCI                                            —         —              —           —          (50)          —            —                 —            —                 —           —           —          (50)       (50)       (60)      (110)


                                                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                           —         —             (23)       (104)        (50)        (369)          —                 —        8,877             (1,991)         —           —        6,340     6,340       2,407      8,747

                                                Dividend paid to owners of the Company                                   —         —              —           —           —            —            —                 —        (2,467)               —           —           —       (2,467)    (2,467)        —      (2,467)
                                                Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                               —         —              —           —           —            —            —                 —            —                 —           —           —           —          —        (726)      (726)
                                                Cash payment paid to scheme shareholders under the
                                                  privatisation proposal (Note 39 (d))                                   —         —              —           —           —            —           —                  —            —                 —           —           —           —          —      (2,513)    (2,513)
                                                Transfer to reserves fund                                                —         —              —           —           —            —          390                 —          (390)               —           —           —           —          —          —          —
                                                Disposal of subsidiaries                                                 —         —              —           —           —            2           —                  —            —                 12         (25)         —          (11)       (11)    (1,277)    (1,288)
                                                Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that do
                                                  not result in a loss of control                                        —       (835)            —           —          (80)          57           —                 —            —                179          —           —         (679)     (679)      2,362      1,683
                                                Acquisition of non-controlling interests (Note 39 (c))                   —         —              —           —           —            —            —                 —            —                 —           —           —           —         —      (16,061)   (16,061)
                                                Privatisation of a subsidiary by issue of new shares, net
                                                  of transaction costs                                                2,448    13,372             —           —           —            —            —                 —            —                 —           —           —       13,372    15,820          —     15,820
                                                Purchase of treasury shares                                              —         —              —           —           —            —            —                 —            —                 —           —          (29)        (29)      (29)         —        (29)
                                                Exchanged from exchangeable bonds to convertible
                                                  bonds (Note 45)                                                        —     (1,937)            —           —           —            —            —              1,934           —                 —           —           —           (3)        (3)        —          (3)
                                                Other changes                                                            —         —              —           —           —            —            —                 —           (42)               —           —           —          (42)       (42)        —         (42)


                                                At 31 December 2020                                                   9,028    14,237             37        (100)       (159)        (292)       3,044             2,365      38,447               (535)       773          (29)     57,788    66,816       1,295    68,111
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                As as 31 December 2020
Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity




125
      Consolidated Statement of
      Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                2020      2019
                                                                      Notes   RMB’M      RMB’M


        Cash flows from operating activities
        Profit before tax
          From continuing operations                                          13,555     10,606
          From a discontinued operation                                11         —       4,025
        Adjustments for:
          Finance costs                                                7        1,321     1,763
          Interest income                                              5         (575)     (677)
          Share of profits and losses of associates                            (1,620)   (1,409)
          Dividends income from equity investment designated
             at FVTOCI                                                 5          (21)       (39)
          Gain on disposal of financial assets/liabilities measured
             at FVTPL, net                                             5          (70)       (42)
          Gain on disposal of associates and subsidiaries, net                 (2,261)   (3,813)
          Loss/(gain) on disposal of non-current assets, net           5          111      (399)
          Fair value gain on financial assets/liabilities
             at FVTPL, net                                             5         (62)        (76)
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                15      3,408      2,998
          Depreciation of investment properties                        16          2           2
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                         17(a)      715        898
          Amortisation of other non-current assets                     6          35          13
          Amortisation of other intangible assets                      19        929        752
          Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories, net      6       1,015        576
          Allowance for expected credit losses on trade and bills
             receivables, net                                          26        131        131
          Allowance for expected credit losses on prepayments,
             deposits and other receivables, net                       27        265        233
          Impairment of property, plant and equipment                  15          1         11
          Impairment of interests in associates                        20         44         56
          Impairment of other intangible assets                        19         46         —
          Impairment of contract assets                                32         —           4
          Share-based payment, net                                     6         289        477

        Operating cash inflow before movements in working
          capital                                                             17,258     16,090
        Increase in inventories                                               (3,118)     (3,949)
        Increase in trade and bills receivables                               (5,379)       (908)
        Increase in trade and bills payables                                  10,283       5,228
        Change in other working capital                                          142        (157)

        Cash generated from operations                                        19,186     16,304
        Interest received                                                        438         488
        Income tax paid                                                       (2,025)     (1,709)

        Net cash generated from operating activities                          17,599     15,083




126   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


Cash flows from investing activities
Payment for purchases of non-current assets                                  (7,592)               (6,194)
Proceeds from disposal of non-current assets                                    324                   261
Payment for acquisition of subsidiaries,
   net of cash acquired                                                        (323)               (2,730)
Cash inflow/(outflow) from disposal of subsidiaries, net of
   cash disposed                                                                861                  (952)
Payment for acquisition of associate                                           (218)                   —
Proceeds from disposal of associates                                              3                    —
Payment for purchases of equity investments designated
   at FVTOCI                                                                      (5)                (221)
Proceeds from disposal of equity investments designated
   at FVTOCI                                                                     —                     70
Dividends received from associates                                              485                   348
Dividends received from equity investment designated at
   FVTOCI                                                                        21                     35
Dividends received from investments                                               1                      2
Proceeds from dispose of/(payments for acquisition)
   financials assets measured at amortised cost and
   financial assets at FVTPL                                                  1,163                (1,782)
Interest received from financial assets measured at
   amortised cost and financial assets at FVTPL                                  16                   203

Net cash flows used in investing activities                                  (5,264)              (10,960)

Cash flows from financing activities
Contribution from shareholders of the Company                                   24                      —
Other payments of listing-related expenses                                     (49)                     —
Proceed from borrowings                                                     23,232                 18,468
Proceed from bonds                                                           5,500                      —
Repayment of borrowings                                                    (23,509)               (19,018)
Redemption of convertible and exchangeable bond                                 (6)                      (9)
Dividends paid to shareholders                                              (2,467)                 (2,235)
Distribution to non-controlling interests                                     (820)                   (579)
Cash payment paid to scheme shareholders under the
   privatisation proposal                                                    (2,513)                   —
Lease payments                                                                 (728)                 (894)
Interest paid for borrowings                                                   (989)               (1,388)
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries                                1,299                  (358)

Net cash flows used in financing activities                                  (1,026)               (6,013)




                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   127
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




                                                                       2020     2019
                                                             Notes   RMB’M     RMB’M


        Net increase/(decrease) in cash
         and cash equivalents                                        11,309    (1,890)

        Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year           34,963    36,561

        Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                   (637)     292

        Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                 45,635    34,963


        ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND
          CASH EQUIVALENTS
        Non-pledged cash and bank balances                           22,751    18,890
        Time deposits                                                22,884    16,073

        Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
          statement of financial position                            45,635    34,963




128   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2020




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP
     The predecessor of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) was
     Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, which was established in 1984. As permitted to offering by People’s
     Bank of China, Qingdao Branch on 16 December 1989, with the document of Qing TiGai 1989 No.3
     issued on 24 March 1989, based on the reconstruction of the original Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, a
     limited company was set up by directional fund raising of RMB150 million. In March and September
     1993, as approved by the document of Qing Gu Ling Zi 1993 No. 2 and No. 9 issued by the pilot
     leading team of Qingdao joint stock company, the Company was converted from a directional offering
     company to a public subscription company and issued additional 50 million shares to the public and
     listed with trading on Shanghai Stock Exchange in November 1993.

     Besides, D Shares of the Company were listed on the China Europe International Exchange (CEINEX
     D-Share Market) through admission to trading on the regulated market (regulierter Markt) of the
     Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) with simultaneous admission to the sub-
     segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission obligations (Prime Standard) for the
     year ended 31 December 2018.

     The H-shares of the Company are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in December
     2020. The addresses of the registered office are located at the Haier Industrial Park, Laoshan District,
     Qingdao, Shandong Province, PRC.

     In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the ultimate controlling parent company of the
     Company is Haier Group Corporation (“Haier Group”).

     The Company is mainly engaged in research, development, production and sales of home appliances
     covering research and development of refrigerator/freezers, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry
     appliances, water appliances and other smart home business, as well as offering complete sets smart
     home solutions. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred as the “Group”) was involved in
     the following principal activities:

     1.   Manufacturing and sales of household electrical appliances, electronic products, communication
          equipment, electronic computers and accessories, general machinery, kitchen utensils and
          industrial robots;

     2.   Business wholesale and retail; import and export business (see foreign trade enterprise
          certification);

     3.   Provision of logistics services, which have been classified as a discontinued operation during the
          year end 31 December 2019 (Note 11).

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
     currency of the Company and all values are rounded to the nearest million (“RMB’M”) (“‘M”), except
     when otherwise indicated.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   129
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                                                      Issued
                                        Place of Incorporation/     ordinary/
                                        registration of           registered            Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                  Type of
            Name                        business                share capital         to the Company As at 31 December       activities                 legal status          Note
                                                                          ‘M              2020                  2019
                                                                                     Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Haier Electronics Group     Mainland China and            Hong Kong      68.26      31.74        14      31.87   Investment holding,        Limited liabilities    (v)
              Co., Ltd                    Hong Kong/Bermuda               Dollars                                               manufacturing and
                                                                   (“HKD”) 3,107                                                sale of washing
                                                                                                                                machines and water
                                                                                                                                heaters, distribution
                                                                                                                                and logistics service

            Wonder Global (BVI)         The United State of          RMB18,596          —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability         (ii)
             Investment Limited           America (“USA”)/                                                                     household appliances     company
                                          British Virgin Islands                                                               and logistics service
                                          (“BVI”)

            Haier U.S. Appliance        USA/USA                     United States       —        100         —        100    Home appliances            Limited liability      (ii)
              Solutions, Inc.                                              Dollars                                             production and              company
                                                                   (“USD”) 2,307                                               distribution business

            Haier Singapore             Singapore and other              USD896         —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability         (ii)
              Investment Holding          overseas areas/                                                                      household appliances     company
              Co., Ltd.                   Singapore

            Qingdao Haier Air           Mainland China/                 RMB918         100         —      99.95         —    Manufacture and            Limited liability     (iv)
              Conditioner Gen. Corp.,     Mainland China                                                                       operation of                company
              Ltd                                                                                                              household air-
                                                                                                                               conditioners

            Guizhou Haier Electronics   Mainland China/                 RMB141          59         —         59         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability        (iv)
              Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                       refrigerator             company

            Hefei Haier Air-            Mainland China/                   RMB12        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability        (iv)
              conditioning                Mainland China                                                                       air-conditioners         company
              Co., Limited

            Wuhan Haier. Electronics    Mainland/China                    RMB62         60         —         60         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability        (iv)
             Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         air-conditioners         company

            Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/                 RMB956       99.54         —      99.83         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability        (iv)
              Air-Conditioner             Mainland China                                                                       air-conditioners         company
              Electronics Co., Ltd.

            Qingdao Haier Information   Mainland China/                   RMB78        100         —        100         —    Manufacture of plastic     Limited liability     (iv)
              Plastic company             Mainland China                                                                       product
              Development Co., Ltd.

            Dalian Haier Precision      Mainland China/                   RMB48         90         —         90         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability        (iv)
              Products Co., Ltd.          Mainland China                                                                       precise plastics         company

            Hefei Haier Plastic Co.,    Mainland China/                   RMB34      77.36       4.83     94.12       5.88   Manufacture and sale of Limited liability        (iv)
              Ltd.                        Mainland China                                                                       plastic parts            company

            Qingdao Haier Moulds        Mainland China                  RMB158          75        25         75        25    Research and               Limited liability     (iv)
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                        manufacture of              company
                                                                                                                               precise mould and
                                                                                                                               product

            Qingdao Meier Plastic       Mainland China/                   RMB12         40        60         40        60    Manufacture of plastic Limited liability         (iv)
              Powder                      Mainland China                                                                       powder, plastic sheet   company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                        and high-performance
                                                                                                                               coatings




130   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                               31 December 2020




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                 Issued
                                   Place of Incorporation/     ordinary/
                                   registration of           registered        Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                   Type of
     Name                          business                share capital     to the Company As at 31 December       activities                  legal status        Note
                                                                     ‘M          2020                  2019
                                                                            Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Chongqing Haier               Mainland China/               RMB65         90        10         90        10    Plastic products, sheet     Limited liability   (iv)
       Precision Plastic Co.,        Mainland China                                                                    metal work,                 company
       Ltd.                                                                                                            electronics and
                                                                                                                       hardware

     Chongqing Haier               Mainland China/               RMB10         90        10         90        10    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iv)
       Intelligent Electronics       Mainland China                                                                   electronics and          company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      automatic control
                                                                                                                      system equipment

     Qingdao Haier Robot Co.,      Mainland China/               RMB16        100         —        100         —    Research, development, Limited liability        (iv)
       Ltd.                          Mainland China                                                                   manufacture and sale    company
                                                                                                                      of robot

     Qingdao Haier                 Mainland China/              RMB207        100         —       97.2         —    Manufacture and           Limited liability     (iv)
       Refrigerator                  Mainland China                                                                   production of fluorine-    company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      free refrigerators

     Qingdao Haier                 Mainland China/              RMB260        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and             Limited liability   (iv)
       Refrigerator                  Mainland China                                                                   production of                company
       (International) Co., Ltd.                                                                                      refrigerators

     Qingdao Haier Whole Set       Mainland China/              RMB120      98.33         —      98.33         —    Research, development Limited liability         (iv)
       Home Appliance                Mainland China                                                                   and sales of health    company
       Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                              series of small home
                                                                                                                      appliance

     Qingdao Haier Intelligent     Mainland China/              RMB292        100         —        100         —    Design and development Limited liability        (iv)
       Electronics Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                   of electronics and      company
                                                                                                                      automatic control
                                                                                                                      system

     Qingdao Haier Special         Mainland China/              RMB166        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sales of Limited liability      (iv)
       Refrigerator Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                   fluorine-free             company
                                                                                                                      refrigerators

     Qingdao Haier                 Mainland China/              RMB180        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and       Limited liability         (iv)
       Dishwasher                    Mainland China                                                                   production of dish     company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      washing machine and
                                                                                                                      gas stove

     Qingdao Haier Special         Mainland China/              RMB388      96.06         —      96.06         —    Research, manufacture Limited liability         (iv)
       Freezer Co., Ltd.             Mainland China                                                                   and sales of freezer    company
                                                                                                                      and other refrigeration
                                                                                                                      products

     Dalian Haier Air-             Mainland China/              RMB110         90         —         90         —    Manufacture and             Limited liability   (iv)
       conditioning                  Mainland China                                                                   production of                company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      air-conditioners

     Dalian Haier Refrigerator     Mainland China/              RMB110         90         —         90         —    Manufacture and             Limited liability    (ii)
       Co., Ltd.                     Mainland China                                                                   production of                company
                                                                                                                      refrigerators

     Qingdao Haier Electronic      Mainland China/               RMB60         80         —         80         —    Development,               Limited liability    (iv)
       Plastic Co., Ltd.             Mainland China                                                                   assembling and sales        company
                                                                                                                      of plastics, electronics
                                                                                                                      and product




                                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020                      131
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                      Issued
                                        Place of Incorporation/     ordinary/
                                        registration of           registered       Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                  Type of
            Name                        business                share capital    to the Company As at 31 December       activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                          ‘M         2020                  2019
                                                                                Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Wuhan Haier Freezer Co.,    Mainland China/               RMB50        95         5         95         5    Research, manufacture Limited liability        (iv)
             Ltd.                         Mainland China                                                                  and sales of freezer    company
                                                                                                                          and other refrigeration
                                                                                                                          products

            Qingdao Haidarui            Mainland China/              RMB110        98         2         98         2    Development, purchase Limited liability        (iv)
              Procurement Service         Mainland China                                                                  and sales of electrical company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   product and
                                                                                                                          components

            Qingdao Haier Intelligent   Mainland China/              RMB330     98.91       1.09     98.91       1.09   Development and         Limited liability      (iv)
              Home Appliance              Mainland China                                                                  application of           company
              Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                        household appliances,
                                                                                                                          communication,
                                                                                                                          electronics and
                                                                                                                          network engineering
                                                                                                                          technology

            Chongqing Haier             Mainland China/              RMB130     76.92      23.08     76.92      23.08   Manufacture and sales of Limited liability     (iv)
              Air-conditioning Co.,       Mainland China                                                                  air conditioners          company
              Ltd

            Qingdao Haier Precision     Mainland China/               RMB10        —         70         —         70    Development and           Limited liability    (iv)
              Products Co., Ltd.          Mainland China                                                                  manufacture of             company
                                                                                                                          precise plastic, metal
                                                                                                                          plate, mould and
                                                                                                                          electronic products for
                                                                                                                          household appliances

            Qingdao Haier Air           Mainland China/               RMB20        —         70         —         70    Manufacture of         Limited liability       (iv)
              Conditioning                Mainland China                                                                  household appliances    company
              Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                                                         and electronics

            Dalian Free Trade Zone      Mainland China/                RMB1        —        100         —        100    Domestic trade             Limited liability   (iv)
              Haier Air-conditioning      Mainland China                                                                                              company
              Trading
              Co., Ltd.

            Dalian Free Trade Zone      Mainland China/                RMB1        —        100         —        100    Domestic trade             Limited liability   (iv)
              Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China                                                                                              company
              Trading Co., Ltd.

            Qingdao Ding Xin            Mainland China/               RMB20        —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability      (iv)
              Electronics Technology      Mainland China                                                                  electronic parts         company
              Co., Ltd.

            Chongqing Haier             Mainland China/               RMB10        95         5         95         5    Household appliance        Limited liability    (ii)
              Electronics Sales Co.,      Mainland China                                                                  sales                       company
              Ltd.

            Chongqing Haier             Mainland China/              RMB108     84.95      15.05     84.95      15.05   Manufacture and            Limited liability   (iv)
              Refrigeration Appliance     Mainland China                                                                  production of               company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   refrigerator

            Hefei Haier Refrigerator    Mainland China/               RMB49       100         —        100         —    Manufacture and            Limited liability   (iv)
              Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                  production of               company
                                                                                                                          refrigerator

            Wuhan Haier Energy and      Mainland China/                RMB8        —         75         —         75    Energy service             Limited liability   (iv)
             Power Co., Ltd.              Mainland China                                                                                              company




132   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                            31 December 2020




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                               Issued
                                 Place of Incorporation/     ordinary/
                                 registration of           registered        Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                  Type of
     Name                        business                share capital     to the Company As at 31 December       activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                   ‘M          2020                  2019
                                                                          Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Qingdao Haier HVAC          Mainland China/                RMB8         —        100         —        100    Air-conditioning           Limited liability   (iv)
       Engineering Co., Ltd        Mainland China                                                                                               company

     Chongqing Gooddaymart       Mainland China/                RMB5         —         51         —         51    Sales of household         Limited liability   (iv)
       Electric Appliance Sale     Mainland China                                                                    appliances and             company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     electronics

     Qingdao Haier (Jiaozhou)    Mainland China/              RMB119         —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability      (iv)
       Products Co., Ltd.          Mainland China                                                                   air-conditioners         company

     Qingdao Haier Air           Mainland China/               RMB80         —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sales of Limited liability     (iv)
       Conditioner                 Mainland China                                                                   plastic and precise       company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    sheet metal products

     Haier Shareholdings         Mainland China/           HKD28,029        100         —        100         —    Investment holding         Limited liability   (iv)
       (Hong Kong) Limited         Mainland China                                                                                               company

     Shenyang Haier              Mainland China/              RMB100        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sales of Limited liability     (iv)
       Refrigerator                Mainland China                                                                   refrigerator              company
       Co., Ltd.

     Foshan Haier Freezer Co.,   Mainland China/              RMB100        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sales of Limited liability     (iv)
       Ltd.                        Mainland China                                                                   freezer                   company

     Zhengzhou Haier             Mainland China/              RMB100        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sales of Limited liability     (iv)
       Air-conditioning Co.,       Mainland China                                                                   air conditioner           company
       Ltd.

     Qingdao Haidayuan           Mainland China/               RMB20        100         —        100         —    Development, purchase Limited liability         (ii)
       Procurement Service         Mainland China                                                                   and sales of electrical company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    product and
                                                                                                                    components

     Qingdao Haier Intelligent   Mainland China/              RMB130        100         —        100         —    Development and         Limited liability      (iv)
       Technology                  Mainland China                                                                   research of household    company
       Development                                                                                                  appliances
       Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Hai Ri              Mainland China/                RMB7         —        100         —        100    Design, manufacture and Limited liability      (iv)
       High-Tech Model Co.,        Mainland China                                                                   sales of product         company
       Ltd.                                                                                                         model and mould

     Qingdao Hai Gao Design      Mainland China/                RMB1         —         75         —         75    Industrial design and   Limited liability      (iv)
       and Manufacture Co.,        Mainland China                                                                    prototype production    company
       Ltd.

     Beijing Haier Guangke       Mainland China/                RMB6         —         55         —         55    Development, promotion Limited liability       (iv)
       Digital Technology Co.,     Mainland China                                                                   and transfer of         company
       Ltd.                                                                                                         technology

     Shanghai Haier Medical      Mainland China/               RMB28         —        100         —        100    Wholesale and retail of    Limited liability   (iv)
       Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                   medical facility            company

     Qingdao                     Mainland China/               RMB80        100         —        100         —    Development and sales      Limited liability   (iv)
       Haier Technology Co.,       Mainland China                                                                   of software and             company
       Ltd.                                                                                                         information product

     Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/              RMB302        100         —        100         —    Entrepreneurship           Limited liability   (iv)
       Technology Investment       Mainland China                                                                   investment and              company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    consulting




                                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020                     133
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                     Issued
                                       Place of Incorporation/     ordinary/
                                       registration of           registered       Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                  Type of
            Name                       business                share capital    to the Company As at 31 December       activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                         ‘M         2020                  2019
                                                                               Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Qingdao Casarte Smart      Mainland China/               RMB10        —        100         —        100    Development, production Limited liability      (iv)
              Living Appliances Co.,     Mainland China                                                                  and sales of             company
              Ltd.                                                                                                       appliances

            Qingdao Haichuangyuan      Mainland China/               RMB10        —        100         —        100    Sales of household        Limited liability    (iv)
              Appliances Sales Co.,      Mainland China                                                                   appliances and digital    company
              Ltd.                                                                                                        products

            Haier Overseas Electric    Mainland China/               RMB40       100         —        100         —    Sales of household         Limited liability   (iv)
              Appliance Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                   appliances,                company
                                                                                                                          international freight
                                                                                                                          forwarding

            Haier Group (Dalian)       Mainland China/                RMB5       100         —        100         —    Sales of household         Limited liability   (iv)
              Electrical Appliances      Mainland China                                                                   appliances,                company
              Industry Co., Ltd.                                                                                          international freight
                                                                                                                          forwarding

            Qingdao Haier Central      Mainland China/              RMB110        —        100         —        100    Production and sales of Limited liability       (ii)
              Air-conditioner Co.,       Mainland China                                                                   air conditioners and    company
              Ltd.                                                                                                        refrigeration
                                                                                                                          equipment

            Chongqing Haier Home       Mainland China/                RMB5        —        100         —        100    Household appliance        Limited liability   (iv)
              Appliance Sale Hefei       Mainland China                                                                  sales                       company
              Co., Ltd.

            Beijing Haier Zhongyou     Mainland China/               RMB15        —         51         —         51    Radio and television       Limited liability   (iv)
              Netmedia Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                  program                     company

            Qingdao Weixi Smart        Mainland China/                RMB4        —       71.43        —       71.43   Intelligent bathroom       Limited liability   (iv)
              Technology Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                                              company

            Haier U+smart              Mainland China/              RMB143       100         —        100         —    Software development       Limited liability   (iv)
              Technology (Beijing)       Mainland China                                                                                              company
              Co., Ltd.

            Qingdao Haier Industry     Mainland China/               RMB34       100         —        100         —    Industrial intelligent     Limited liability   (iv)
              Intelligence Research      Mainland China                                                                   technology                 company
              Institute Co., Ltd.

            Haier (Shanghai)           Mainland China/                RMB5       100         —        100         —    Sales, research and     Limited liability      (iv)
              Appliance                  Mainland China                                                                   development of          company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   household appliances

            Hefei Haier Washing        Mainland China/               RMB92        —       99.95        —       99.95   Manufacture of             Limited liability    (v)
              Machinery Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                  household cleaning          company
                                                                                                                         and sanitary electric

            Qingdao Economy and        Mainland China/              RMB120        —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sales of Limited liability      (v)
              Techonology                Mainland China                                                                  water heater Mainland     company
              Development Zone                                                                                           China
              Haier Heater Co., Ltd

            Qingdao Haier Smart        Mainland China/              RMB180       100         —        100         —    Smart kitchen appliances Limited liability     (iv)
              Kitchen Appliances         Mainland China/                                                                 sales                     company
              Co., Ltd.




134   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                            31 December 2020




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                              Issued
                                Place of Incorporation/     ordinary/
                                registration of           registered         Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                  Type of
     Name                       business                share capital      to the Company As at 31 December       activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                  ‘M           2020                  2019
                                                                          Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Haier New Zealand          New Zealand/New          New Zealand         —        100         —        100    Production and             Limited liability    (iii)
       Investment Holding         Zealand                      Dollars                                               distribution of home       company
       Company Limited                                    (“NZD”) 477                                                appliances

     Qingdao Gooday Lejia IOT   Mainland China/               RMB66       79.82         —         —          —    Household appliance        Limited liability   (iv)
       Technology Co., Ltd        Mainland China/                                                                   service                     company

     Aqua Co., Ltd              Japan/Japan             Japanese Yen         —        100         —        100    Import of electrical       Limited liability   (vi)
                                                           (“JPY”) 90                                               appliances and              company
                                                                                                                    materials

     Candy S.p.A                Europe/Italy                    Euro         —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sales of Limited liability     (vii)
                                                           (“EUR”) 42                                               household appliances      company

     Fisher&Paykel Appliances   New Zealand/                 NZD246          —        100         —        100    Research, development, Limited liability        (iii)
        Limited                   New Zealnd                                                                        manufacture, sale and   company
                                                                                                                    distribution of home
                                                                                                                    appliances business


     *        The English names of Mainland China companies referred to above in this note represents management’s best efforts in
              translating the Chinese names of these companies as no English name have been registered or available.


     **       The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Group which, in the opinion of the Directors, principally affected the results or
              assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the Directors, result in particulars of
              excessive length.


     Notes:


     (ii)     The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 prepared in accordance with International
              Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Mazars LLP, a certified public accounting firm registered in USA.


     (iii)    The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 prepared in accordance with International
              Financial Reporting standards have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers New Zealand, a certified public accounting firm
              registered in New Zealand.


     (iv)     The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 prepared in accordance with Chinese
              accounting standards have been audited by Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP, registered in the Mainland China.


     (v)      The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 prepared in accordance with International
              Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Ernst & Young, a certified public accounting firm registered in Hong
              Kong.


     (vi)     The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 prepared in accordance with International
              Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Mazars Audit LLC, a certified public accounting firm registered in
              Japan.


     (vii)    The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 prepared in accordance with International
              Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Mazars Italia S.p.A, a certified public accounting firm registered in Italy.


     All companies comprising the Group have adopted December 31, as their financial year end.




                                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020                      135
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
            Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”).
            For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered
            material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In
            addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
            Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”)
            and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis at the end of
            each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out in note 2.3.

            Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods
            and services.

            Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
            transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
            directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an
            asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market
            participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the
            measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
            financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that
            are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are accounted for in
            accordance with IFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair
            value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

            A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
            generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
            market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

            For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable
            inputs are to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is
            calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction
            price.

            In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or
            3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the
            significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

            •     Level 1: inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                           that the entity can access at the measurement date;

            •     Level 2: inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable
                           for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

            •     Level 3: inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




136   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2020




2.2 APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
    FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
  In the current year, the Group has applied the Amendments to References to the Conceptual
  Framework in IFRS Standards and the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the International
  Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the
  annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2020 for the preparation of the consolidated financial
  statements:

   Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8    Definition of Material
   Amendments to IFRS 3             Definition of a Business
   Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
    IFRS 7

   The application of the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards
   and the amendments to IFRS standards in the current year had no material impact on the Group’s
   financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in
   these consolidated financial statements.

   New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
   The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS standards, that have
   been issued but are not yet effective, in the consolidated financial statements:

   IFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments1
   Amendment to IFRS 16                          Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions4
   Amendments to IFRS 3                          Reference to the Conceptual Framework2
   Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39,                 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 25
     IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16
   Amendments to IFRS 10 and                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
     IAS 28                                        Associate or Joint Venture3
   Amendments to IAS 1                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current1
   Amendments to IAS 16                          Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before
                                                   Intended Use2
   Amendments to IAS 37                          Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2
   Amendments to IFRS Standards                  Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-20202

   1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
   2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
   3
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
   4
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 June 2020.
   5
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.


   The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to IFRS
   standards will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable
   future.




                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   137
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            Basis of consolidation
            The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and entities
            controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

            •      has power over the investee;

            •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

            •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
            there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

            Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
            when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
            acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
            and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group
            ceases to control the subsidiary.

            Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
            Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
            to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-
            controlling interests having a deficit balance.

            When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
            accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

            All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
            between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

            Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
            which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
            assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




138   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
   Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
   subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
   components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
   relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and
   the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
   interests.

   Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
   value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of
   the Company.

   When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-
   controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is
   calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received
   and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including
   goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts
   previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as
   if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to
   profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs).
   The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is
   regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial
   Instruments (“IFRS 9”) or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an
   associate or a joint venture.

   Business combinations or asset acquisitions
   Optional concentration test
   Effective from 1 January 2020, the Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a
   transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of
   activities and assets is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value
   of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar
   identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred
   tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is
   met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is
   needed.

   Asset acquisitions
   When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
   identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating
   the purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining
   balance of the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the
   basis of their relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to
   goodwill or bargain purchase gain.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   139
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
            Business combinations
            Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for
            using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at
            fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred
            by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
            interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are
            generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

            Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must
            meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the International Accounting Standards Committee’s
            Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual
            Framework for Financial Reporting issued in September 2010).

            At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
            their fair value, except that:

            •      deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
                   are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
                   Benefits respectively;

            •      liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                   share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                   arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment at
                   the acquisition date;

            •      assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
                   current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that
                   standard; and

            •      lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                   (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
                   for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
                   underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same
                   amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
                   lease when compared with market terms.

            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
            non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity
            interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
            assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets
            acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
            non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in
            the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.




140   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
   Business combinations (continued)
   Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
   proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially
   measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
   acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a
   transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at their fair
   value.

   When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
   consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value
   and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair
   value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted
   retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information
   obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date)
   about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

   The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
   adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that
   is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement
   is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
   remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being
   recognised in profit or loss.

   When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
   acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains
   control), and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive
   income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that
   have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 would be
   accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the
   previously held equity interest.

   If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in
   which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
   accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the
   measurement period, and additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information
   obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have
   affected the amounts recognised at that date.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   141
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Merger accounting for business combination involving businesses under common
            control
            The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements items of the combining
            businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined from the
            date when the combining businesses first came under the control of the controlling party.

            The net assets of the combining businesses are consolidated using the existing book values from the
            controlling party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or bargain purchase
            gain at the time of common control combination.

            The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income includes the results of
            each of the combining businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the
            combining businesses first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period.

            The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements is presented as if the businesses
            had been combined at the beginning of the previous reporting period or when they first came under
            common control, whichever is shorter.

            On 30 August 2018, Guanmei (Shanghai) Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Guanmei”), an indirect
            wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Haier Electric International Co., Ltd. (“Haier
            International”), an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group, entered into an asset swap
            agreement, pursuant to which Guanmei agreed to acquire and Haier International agreed to sell 51%
            equity interest in Qingdao Haishi Water Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Qingdao Haishi”) at a consideration of
            approximately RMB1,074 million to be satisfied by Guanmei by way of transfer of 55% of the equity
            interest in Bingji (Shanghai) Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Bingji”), a direct wholly-owned
            subsidiary of Guanmei, from Guanmei to Haier International at the same consideration (the “Asset
            Swap”). Qingdao Haishi is principally engaged in the research and development and sale of household
            water purifying solutions, while Bingji is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries (collectively
            referred to as the “Bingji Group”) are principally engaged in the provision of logistics services.

            Pursuant to the Asset Swap, the Company became an indirect holding company of Qingdao Haishi,
            and the Bingji Group was classified as a discontinued operation (Note 11). Since the Company and
            Qingdao Haishi were ultimately controlled by Haier Group both before and after the completion of the
            Asset Swap, the acquisition of Qingdao Haishi was accounted for using the principles of merger
            accounting.

            On 9 September 2019, the Company acquired 100% equity interest in Qingdao Gooday Health
            Industry Development Co., Ltd (“Gooday Health”) at a cash consideration of RMB34 million (the
            “Acquisition”), which has been fully paid during the year ended 31 December 2019. Gooday Health
            was an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group and is currently principally engaged in
            manufacturing water treatment appliances. Pursuant to the Acquisition, the Company became an
            indirect holding company of Gooday Health. Since the Company and Gooday Health were ultimately
            controlled by Haier Group both before and after the completion of the Acquisition, the Acquisition was
            accounted for using the principles of merger accounting.




142   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Goodwill
   Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
   acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

   For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
   units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
   combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
   management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

   A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
   tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
   impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or
   group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before
   the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
   impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other
   assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-
   generating units).

   On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
   cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
   amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-
   generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of
   goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-
   generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-
   generating units) retained.

   The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

   Investments in associates
   An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
   power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
   joint control over those policies.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   143
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Investments in associates (continued)
            The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in the consolidated financial
            statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment, or a portion thereof,
            is classified as held for sale, in which case it is or the portion so classified is accounted for in
            accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations . Any retained
            portion of an investment in an associate that has not been classified as held for sale continues to be
            accounted for using the equity method. The consolidated financial statements of associates used for
            equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for
            like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Appropriate adjustments have been made to
            conform the associate’s accounting policies to those of the Group. Under the equity method, an
            investment in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at
            cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other
            comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the associate other than profit or
            loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes
            in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds
            the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form
            part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its share of
            further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or
            constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

            An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
            investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the
            cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
            liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the
            investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
            liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss
            in the period in which the investment is acquired.

            The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
            impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
            goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
            recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying
            amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms
            part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in
            accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
            increases.




144   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Investments in associates (continued)
   When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a
   disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or
   loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate and the retained interest is a financial
   asset within the scope of IFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date
   and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the
   carrying amount of the associate and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from
   disposing the relevant interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on
   disposal of the associate. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in
   other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if
   that associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss
   previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate would be reclassified to profit
   or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from
   equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant
   associate.

   The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an
   investment in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an
   associate. There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

   When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the
   equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
   previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership
   interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets
   or liabilities.

   When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
   transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to
   the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

   Non-current assets held for sale
   Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be
   recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is
   regarded as met only when the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present
   condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such asset (or disposal
   group) and its sale is highly probable. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be
   expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.

   When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets
   and liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are
   met, regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in the relevant subsidiary
   after the sale.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   145
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Non-current assets held for sale (continued)
            When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving disposal of an investment, or a portion of an
            investment, in an associate, the investment or the portion of the investment that will be disposed of is
            classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met, and the Group discontinues the
            use of the equity method in relation to the portion that is classified as held for sale from the time
            when the investment (or a portion of the investment) is classified as held for sale.

            Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their
            previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, except for financial assets within the scope
            of IFRS 9 and investment properties which continue to be measured in accordance with the
            accounting policies as set out in respective sections.

            Revenue from contracts with customers
            The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
            the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

            A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
            distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

            Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
            towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
            met:

            •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                   performance as the Group performs;

            •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                   performs; or

            •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                   Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

            Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
            good or service.

            A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
            the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
            accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
            consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
            which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.




146   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented
   on a net basis.

   Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)
   For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction
   price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, except for the
   allocation of discounts and variable consideration.

   The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is
   determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised
   good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the
   Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to
   any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
   entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

   Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
   performance obligation
   Output method
   The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output
   method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods
   or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised
   under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or
   services.

   As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds
   directly with the value of the Group’s performance completed to date, the Group recognises revenue in
   the amount to which the Group has the right to invoice.

   Input method
   The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input
   method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of the Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction
   of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance
   obligation, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   147
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            (a)    Sale of goods
                   Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
                   transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of goods.

                   (i)    Rights of return
                          For contracts which provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified
                          period, the expected value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned
                          because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group
                          will be entitled. The requirements in IFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable
                          consideration are applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that
                          can be included in the transaction price. For goods that are expected to be returned,
                          instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised. A right-of-return asset (and the
                          corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognised for the right to recover
                          products from a customer.

                   (ii)   Sales rebates
                          Retrospective sales rebates may be provided to certain customers once the value of
                          products purchased during the period exceeds a threshold specified in the contract.
                          Rebates are offset against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable
                          consideration for the expected future rebates, the most likely amount method is used for
                          contracts with a single-threshold and the expected value method for contracts with more
                          than one threshold. The selected method that best predicts the amount of variable
                          consideration is primarily driven by the thresholds contained in the contract. The
                          requirements on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied and a refund
                          liability for the expected future rebates is recognised.

            (b)    Other income
                   Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease
                   payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting
                   period in which they are incurred.

                   Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying
                   the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the
                   financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the
                   financial asset.

                   Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
                   established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
                   Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.




148   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Variable consideration
   For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to
   which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount,
   depending on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be
   entitled.

   The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
   that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
   future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

   At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
   updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent
   faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
   circumstances during the reporting period.

   Notwithstanding the above criteria, the Group shall recognise revenue for a sales-based or usage-
   based royalty promised in exchange for a licence of intellectual property only when (or as) the later of
   the following events occurs:

   •    the subsequent sale or usage occurs; and

   •    the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based or usage-based royalty has
        been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).

   Refund liabilities
   A refund liability is recognised for the obligation to refund some or all of the consideration received (or
   receivable) from a customer and is measured at the amount the Group ultimately expects it will have
   to return to the customer. The Group updates its estimates of refund liabilities (and the corresponding
   change in the transaction price) at the end of each reporting period.

   Right-of-return assets
   A right-of-return asset is recognised for the right to recover the goods expected to by returned by
   customers. The asset is measured at the former carrying amount of the goods to be returned, less any
   expected costs to recover the goods and any potential decreases in the value of the returned goods.
   The Group updates the measurement of the asset for any revisions to the expected level of returns
   and any additional decreases in the value of the returned goods.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   149
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Existence of significant financing component
            In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the
            effects of the time value of money if the timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly)
            provides the customer or the Group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or
            services to the customer. In those circumstances, the contract contains a significant financing
            component. A significant financing component may exist regardless of whether the promise of
            financing is explicitly stated in the contract or implied by the payment terms agreed to by the parties
            to the contract.

            For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is
            less than one year, the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for
            any significant financing component.

            Principal versus agent
            When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
            whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
            services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by
            the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

            The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
            transferred to a customer.

            The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified
            good or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or
            service provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the
            Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it
            expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by
            the other party.




150   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases
   Definition of a lease
   A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
   asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

   For contracts entered into or modified or arising from business combinations, the Group assesses
   whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception,
   modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the
   terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

   The Group as a leasee
   Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
   For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
   components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the
   basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of
   the non-lease components, including contract for acquisition of ownership interests of a property which
   includes both leasehold land and non-lease building components, unless such allocation cannot be
   made reliably.

   The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease
   component, and instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components
   as a single lease component.

   As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when
   the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ
   materially from individual leases within the portfolio.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   151
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            Definition of a lease (continued)
            Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of land and buildings,
            machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures that have a lease term of 12 months
            or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
            recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases
            of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis
            over the lease term.

            The Group as lessee
            Right-of-use assets
            The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

            •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

            •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

            •      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

            •      an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
                   assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
                   required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
                   inventories.

            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
            and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

            Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
            leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of
            the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter
            of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

            When the Group obtains ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term, upon
            exercising purchase options, the cost of the relevant right-of-use assets and the related accumulated
            depreciation and impairment loss are transferred to property, plant and equipment.




152   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as a lease (continued)
   Lease liabilities
   At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the
   present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
   payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
   interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

   The lease payments include:

   •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

   •    variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or
        rate as at the commencement date;

   •    amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

   •    the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option;
        and

   •    payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an
        option to terminate the lease.

   Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are initially measured using the
   market rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
   index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are
   recognised as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

   After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

   The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-
   use assets) whenever:

   •    the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
        option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
        payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

   •    the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/
        expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
        remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

   The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
   position.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   153
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as a lease (continued)
            Lease modifications
            The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

            •      the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                   assets; and

            •      the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
                   for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                   circumstances of the particular contract.

            For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
            liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using
            a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

            The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
            the relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or
            more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified
            contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease
            component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

            The Group as a lessor
            Classification and measurement of leases
            Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the
            terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
            underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are
            classified as operating leases.

            Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date
            at amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the
            respective leases. Initial direct costs (other than those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are
            included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to
            accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment
            outstanding in respect of the leases.

            Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
            term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease
            are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense
            on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value
            model. Variable lease payments for operating leases that depend on an index or a rate are estimated
            and included in the total lease payments to be recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
            Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income when
            they arise.




154   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as a lessor (continued)
   Classification and measurement of leases (continued)
   Interest and rental income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are
   presented as revenue.

   Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
   When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue
   from Contracts with Customers (“IFRS 15”) to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-
   lease components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their
   relative stand-alone selling prices.

   Lease modification
   The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of
   the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as
   part of the lease payments for the new lease.

   Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original term and conditions are
   accounted for a lease modifications including lease incentive provided through forgiveness or reduction
   of rentals.

   The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of
   the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as
   part of the lease payments for the new lease.

   Foreign currencies
   In preparing the consolidated financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in
   currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the
   rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period,
   monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date.
   Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
   the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are
   measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

   Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
   items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

   For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
   Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Renminbi) using
   exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are
   translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly
   during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange
   differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity
   under the heading of exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve (attributed to
   non-controlling interests as appropriate).



                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   155
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Foreign currencies (continued)
            On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign
            operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or
            a partial disposal of an interest in an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained
            interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of
            that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

            In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing
            control over the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-
            attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial
            disposals (i.e. partial disposals of associates that do not result in the Group losing significant
            influence), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or
            loss.

            Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a
            foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate
            of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are
            recognised in other comprehensive income.

            Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
            which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use
            or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for
            their intended use or sale.

            Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
            sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general
            borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
            their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

            All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




156   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Government grants
   Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
   with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

   Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
   Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
   Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
   or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated
   statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over
   the useful lives of the related assets.

   Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
   already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
   related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such
   grants are presented under “Government grants” under “other gains or losses”.

   The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant,
   measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on
   prevailing market interest rates.

   Employee benefits
   Retirement benefit costs
   Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when
   employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

   For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the
   projected unit credit method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual
   reporting period. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to
   the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected
   immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a charge or credit recognised in
   other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised in other
   comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained profits and will not be reclassified to profit
   or loss.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   157
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Employee benefits (continued)
            Retirement benefit costs (continued)
            Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and
            a gain or loss on settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service
            cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset
            using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial assumptions, reflecting the benefits
            offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment, curtailment or
            settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic
            benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan).

            Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net
            defined benefit liability or asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or
            asset before plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, the Group determines net interest for the
            remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement using the
            benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment, curtailment or
            settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking
            into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period resulting from
            contributions or benefit payments.

            Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

            •      service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on
                   curtailments and settlements);

            •      net interest expense or income; and

            •      remeasurement.

            The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
            represents the actual deficit or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from
            this calculation is limited to the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds
            from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

            A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer
            withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

            Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of
            these contributions to the plan.




158   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Employee benefits (continued)
   Retirement benefit costs (continued)
   When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third
   parties, the accounting depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

   •    If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a
        deficit arising from losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the
        remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability or asset.

   •    If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution
        that is dependent on the number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost by
        attributing the contributions to periods of service using the attribution method required by IAS 19
        paragraph 70 for the gross benefits. For the amount of contribution that is independent of the
        number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost in the period in which the related
        service is rendered.

   Termination benefits
   A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer
   withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

   Short-term and other long-term employee benefits
   Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to
   be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
   recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
   cost of an asset.

   Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present
   value of the estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services
   provided by employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the liabilities’ carrying amounts
   resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are recognised in profit or loss except to the
   extent that another IFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   159
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Employee benefits (continued)
            Short-term and other long-term employee benefits (continued)
            Pension schemes
            The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the
            “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those employees who
            are eligible to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the
            employees’ basic salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable
            in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately
            from those of the Group in an independently administrated fund. The Group’s employer contributions
            vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

            The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate
            in central pension schemes operated by the local municipal governments. These subsidiaries are
            required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension schemes. The
            contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance
            with the rules of the central pension schemes.

            Share-based payments
            Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
            Shares/Share options granted to employees
            Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured
            at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

            The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking
            into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the
            vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a
            corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period,
            the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
            assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
            estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
            estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve. For shares/share
            options that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the shares/share options granted is
            expensed immediately to profit or loss.

            When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
            will be transferred to capital reserve. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are
            still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
            reserve will continue to be held in share-based payments reserve/will be transferred to retained profits.

            When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
            will be transferred to capital reserve.




160   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Taxation
   Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

   The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/loss
   before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that
   are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
   have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

   Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
   liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
   computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
   differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the
   extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
   differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
   difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
   liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition,
   deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
   goodwill.

   Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
   subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control
   the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
   reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
   associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable
   that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary
   differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
   reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
   allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
   period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that
   have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

   The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
   from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle
   the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   161
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Taxation (continued)
            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair
            value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through
            sale, unless the presumption is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is
            depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the
            economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sale, except for
            freehold land, which is always presumed to be recovered entirely through sale.

            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
            right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
            deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

            For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
            applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately.
            Temporary differences relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised at initial
            recognition and over the lease terms due to application of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary
            differences arising from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease
            liabilities, resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject
            to initial recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
            tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
            taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

            Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
            recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
            deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
            Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax
            effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

            In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable
            that the relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by
            individual group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are
            determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that the
            relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is
            reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.




162   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Property, plant and equipment
   Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
   goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than freehold lands and properties under
   construction as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated
   statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent
   accumulated impairment losses, if any.

   Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses.

   Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
   cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the
   asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended
   by management and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s
   accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,
   commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

   Construction in progress includes property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for
   production or for its own use purposes. Construction in progress is carried at cost less any
   recognised impairment loss. Costs include professional fees and borrowing costs capitalised for
   qualifying assets in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Construction in progress is
   classified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and for
   intended use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences
   when the assets are ready for their intended use.

   Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than freehold land and properties
   under construction less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
   method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end
   of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective
   basis.

   The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

   Freehold land                                                                                Not depreciated
   Buildings                                                                                        2% to 19%
   Leasehold improvements                                                                          10% to 50%
   Machinery and equipment                                                                          5% to 50%
   Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                5% to 33%
   Motor vehicles                                                                                   9% to 35%




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   163
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Property, plant and equipment (continued)
            An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
            benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
            disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference
            between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

            Investment properties
            Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and for capital appreciation.

            Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
            Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent
            accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognised so as to
            write off the cost of investment properties over their estimated useful lives and after taking into
            account of their estimated residual value, using the straight-line method.

            An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
            withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Any gain or loss
            arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal
            proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the
            property is derecognised.

            Intangible assets
            Intangible assets acquired separately
            Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
            accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets
            with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
            estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with
            the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets
            with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent
            accumulated impairment losses.

            Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
            Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

            An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
            phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

            •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

            •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

            •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;




164   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Intangible assets (continued)
   Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure (continued)
   An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
   phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:
   (continued)

   •    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

   •    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
        and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

   •    the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
        development.

   The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
   incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where
   no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in
   profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

   Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
   accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible
   assets that are acquired separately.

   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are
   initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

   Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
   lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses/
   revalued amounts, being their fair value at the date of the revaluation less subsequent accumulated
   amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are
   acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are
   carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

   An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
   from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as
   the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are
   recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

   The following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation as follows:

   Proprietary technology                                                                          10 years
   Patents and licences                                                                            40 years
   Trademarks                                                                                      Indefinite
   Software & Others                                                            not exceeding than 10 years




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   165
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Intangible assets (continued)
            Proprietary technology
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, proprietary
            technology with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
            straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 10 years.

            Patents and licences
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, purchase patents
            and licences with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
            straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 40 years.

            Trademarks
            The trademark has different legal life at different jurisdiction, and can renewable at minimal cost. The
            directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademark continuously
            and has the ability to do so. Various studies including product life cycle studies, market, competitive
            and environmental trends, and brand extension opportunities have been performed by management of
            the Group, which supports that the trademark has no foreseeable limit to the period over which the
            trademarked products are expected to generate net cash flows for the Group.

            As a result, the trademark is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite
            useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The trademark will not
            be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for impairment
            annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

            Software & Others
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, Software &
            Others are amortised on a straight-line basis over an estimate useful life of not exceeding than 10
            years. The useful of the software is estimated based on the expected usage of the software and its
            authorised periods for use.




166   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
   assets other than goodwill
   At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
   equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is
   any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
   recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
   impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet
   available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that
   they may be impaired.

   The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets
   are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
   Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

   In addition, the Group assesses whether there is indication that corporate assets may be impaired. If
   such indication exists, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, when a
   reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, or otherwise they are allocated to the
   smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be
   identified.

   Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
   value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
   discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
   specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not
   been adjusted.

   If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
   carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
   recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on
   a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount
   of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion
   of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of
   the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated
   first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a
   pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating
   units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of
   disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss
   that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the
   unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or
   loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in which case
   the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease under that standard.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   167
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
            assets other than goodwill (continued)
            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating
            unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable
            amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would
            have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating
            unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised
            immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another
            standard, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase under
            that standard.

            Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined
            on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for
            inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.

            Provisions
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
            a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable
            estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

            The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
            present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
            surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
            present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
            time value of money is material).

            When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
            from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will
            be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

            Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant contracts
            with customers for sales of certain products are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant
            products, at the directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation.




168   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
   contractual provisions of the instrument. Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
   assets within a time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place (regular way
   trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the
   asset.

   Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
   arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
   Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
   financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted
   from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
   Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at
   FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

   The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
   financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
   effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
   (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
   transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
   financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
   recognition.

   Financial assets
   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
   Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

   •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
         flows; and

   •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
         and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   169
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

            •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                   collecting contractual cash flows; and

            •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                   and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial
            application of IFRS 9/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
            subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity
            investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a
            business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

            A financial asset is held for trading if:

            •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

            •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                   manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

            •      it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at
            the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an
            accounting mismatch.

            (i)    Amortised cost and interest income
                   Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                   subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at
                   FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                   amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
                   impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is
                   recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
                   the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so
                   that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                   effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of
                   the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.




170   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
   (ii) Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
        Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains
        and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and
        accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
        cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
        investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

           Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
           Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a
           recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “Other gains or
           losses” line item in profit or loss.

   (iii)   Financial assets measured at FVTPL
           Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
           designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

           Financial assets measured at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
           period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
           recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is
           included in the “Other gains and losses” line item.

   Impairment of financial assets
   The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit losses (“ECL”) model on financial
   assets (including trade and bills receivables, other receivables and contract assets) which are subject
   to impairment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes
   in credit risk since initial recognition.

   Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life
   of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12m ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
   expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
   Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that
   are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current
   conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

   The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets without significant
   financing component. The ECL on these assets are assessed individually for debtors with significant
   balances and/or collectively using a provision matrix with appropriate groupings (should tailor to
   reporting entity’s specific facts and circumstances.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   171
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (continued)
            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when
            there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises
            lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant
            increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

            (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
                   In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                   compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                   the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                   making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                   reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
                   is available without undue cost or effort.

                   In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
                   has increased significantly:

                   •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                          or internal credit rating;

                   •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
                          in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                   •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                          expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                          obligations;

                   •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                   •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                          environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to
                          meet its debt obligations.

                   Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk
                   has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30
                   days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
                   otherwise.




172   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
   (i)  Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
        Despite the afore going, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not
        increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low
        credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has
        a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
        obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
        longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its
        contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk
        when it has an internal or external credit rating of ‘investment grade’ as per globally understood
        definitions.

          The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
          been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the
          criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes
          past due.

   (ii)   Definition of default
          For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
          information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
          unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full.

          Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
          is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
          demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   173
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (continued)
            (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
                  A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                  the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                  asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                          financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                          not otherwise consider;

                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation;

                   (e)    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties;
                          or

                   (f)    the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred
                          credit losses.

            (iv)   Write-off policy
                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
                   is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when
                   the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
                   Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                   recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
                   derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




174   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
   (v)  Measurement and recognition of ECL
        The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
        magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
        probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-
        looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that
        is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

        Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
        in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
        discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. For a lease receivable,
        the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in measuring
        the lease receivable in accordance with IFRS 16.

        Lifetime ECL for trade and bills receivables, deposits and other receivables are considered on a
        collective basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information
        such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

        For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
        formulating the grouping:

        •     Past-due status;

        •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

        •     External credit ratings where available.

        The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group
        continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

        Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
        the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
        amortised cost of the financial asset.

        Except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, financial guarantee
        contracts, the Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
        instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables and
        contract assets where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance
        account. For investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is
        recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve without
        reducing the carrying amount of these debt instruments. Such amount represents the changes in
        the FVTOCI reserve in relation to accumulated loss allowance.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   175
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Derecognition of financial assets
            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
            asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
            ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
            risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises
            its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the
            Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the
            Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
            proceeds received.

            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
            carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
            loss.

            On derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or
            loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.

            On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
            recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
            investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

            Financial liabilities and equity
            Classification as debt or equity
            Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
            the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
            instrument.

            Equity instruments
            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
            deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
            proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

            Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other
            financial assets or the Group has the sole discretion to defer payment of distribution and redemption
            of principal amount indefinitely are classified as equity instruments.

            Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
            No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
            Company’s own equity instruments.




176   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
   Financial liabilities
   All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
   or at FVTPL.

   Financial liabilities at FVTPL
   Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of
   an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is
   designated as at FVTPL.

   A financial liability is held for trading if:

   •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

   •     on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
         together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

   •     it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
         effective hedging instrument.

   A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
   acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

   •     such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
         that would otherwise arise; or

   •     the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which
         is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the
         Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
         grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

   •     it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the
         entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

   For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the
   financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other
   comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in
   other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. For
   financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, such as convertible loan notes, the changes in fair
   value of the embedded derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be presented in other
   comprehensive income. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are
   recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead,
   they are transferred to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   177
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
            Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
            Financial liabilities including borrowings, convertible and exchangeable bonds, bonds, trade payables,
            other payables and lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
            interest method.

            Convertible and exchangeable bonds
            The component parts of the convertible loan notes are classified separately as financial liability and
            equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a
            financial liability and an equity instrument. A conversion option that will be settled by the exchange of
            a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of the equity instruments is an
            equity instrument.

            At the date of issue, the fair value of the liability component (including any embedded non-equity
            derivatives features) is estimated by measuring the fair value of similar liability that does not have an
            associated equity component.

            A conversion option classified as equity is determined by deducting the amount of the liability
            component from the fair value of the compound instrument as a whole. This is recognised and
            included in equity, net of income tax effects, and is not subsequently remeasured. In addition, the
            conversion option classified as equity will remain in equity until the conversion option is exercised, in
            which case, the balance recognised in equity will be transferred to share premium. Where the
            conversion option remains unexercised at the maturity date of the convertible note, the balance
            recognised in equity will be transferred to retained profits. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or
            loss upon conversion or expiration of the conversion option.

            Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible loan notes are allocated to the liability and
            equity components in proportion to the allocation of the gross proceeds. Transaction costs relating to
            the equity component are charged directly to equity. Transaction costs relating to the liability
            component are included in the carrying amount of the liability portion and amortised over the period of
            the convertible loan notes using the effective interest method.

            Put option liabilities
            A put option liability is the obligation for the Group or Group’s subsidiaries to purchase certain
            subsidiaries equity instruments for cash or another financial asset gives rise to a financial liability
            carried at the present value of the redemption amount as at the end of the reporting period. The
            Group recognises the non-controlling interests that are granted put options, including the share of
            profits and losses, up to the end of the reporting period or the exercise date of the put options,
            whichever is earlier. Then, at the end of each reporting period, the Group de-recognises the non-
            controlling interests and recognises the put option financial liability with the difference recognised in
            equity as if the non-controlling interests are acquired at the end of reporting period.




178   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Derecognition of financial liabilities
   The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
   discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
   liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

   The Group accounts for an exchange with a lender of a financial liability with substantially different
   terms as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition of a new financial
   liability. A substantial modification of the terms of an existing financial liability or a part of it (whether or
   not attributable to the financial difficulty of the Group) is accounted for as an extinguishment of the
   original financial liability and the recognition of a new financial liability.

   The Group considers that the terms are substantially different if the discounted present value of the
   cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any fees received and discounted
   using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10 per cent different from the discounted present
   value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial liability. Accordingly, such exchange of debt
   instruments or modification of terms is accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees incurred
   are recognised as part of the gain or loss on the extinguishment. The exchange or modification is
   considered as non-substantial modification when such difference is less than 10 per cent.

   Derivative financial instruments
   Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into
   and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting
   gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective as a
   hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the
   nature of the hedge relationship.

   Hedge accounting
   The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for fair value hedges, cash flow
   hedges, or hedges of net investments in foreign operations.

   At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the
   hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for
   undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing
   basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in
   fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

   For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly
   probable, the Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows
   (contractually or non-contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate
   benchmark reform.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   179
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Hedge accounting (continued)
            Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness
            For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective
            in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when
            the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:

            •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;

            •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
                   relationship; and

            •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
                   hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
                   entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

            If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge
            ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the
            Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets
            the qualifying criteria again.

            In assessing the economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument, the
            Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows and/or the hedged
            risk (contractually or non-contractually specified) are based, or the interest rate benchmark on which
            the cash flows of the hedging instrument are based, is not altered as a result of interest rate
            benchmark reform.




180   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Hedge accounting (continued)
   Cash flow hedges
   The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging
   instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive
   income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative
   change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the
   ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in the ‘other gains and
   losses’ line item.

   For the purpose of reclassifying the amount of gains and losses accumulated in the cash flow hedge
   reserve in order to determine whether the hedged future cash flows are expected to occur, the Group
   assumes the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows (contractually or non-
   contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate benchmark reform.

   Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are
   reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line
   as the recognised hedged item. However, when the hedged forecast transaction results in the
   recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously
   recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are removed from equity and
   included in the initial measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. This
   transfer does not affect other comprehensive income. Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or
   all of the loss accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will not be recovered in the future, that
   amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   181
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Hedge accounting (continued)
            Discontinuation of hedge accounting
            The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part
            thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances
            when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing hedge
            accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case
            hedge accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

            For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
            equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is ultimately
            recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or
            loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

            Cash and cash equivalents
            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise
            cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily
            convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and
            have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are
            repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents
            comprise cash on hand and at banks and other financial institutions, including term deposits, and
            assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

            Dividends
            Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
            meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to consolidated financial statements.

            Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s Bye-Laws grant
            the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised
            immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.




182   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2020




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Related parties
   A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

   (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

         (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

         (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

         (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

   (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

         (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

         (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                 fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

         (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

         (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                 entity;

         (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                 or an entity related to the Group;

         (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

         (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                 management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

         (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                 personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

   Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
   be influence by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:

   (a)   that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;

   (b)   children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and

   (c)   dependants of the person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

   A related party transaction is a transfer of resources, services or obligations between reporting entity
   and a related party, regardless of whether a price is charged.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   183
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
            In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 2.3, the directors of
            the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
            underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be
            relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
            period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
            periods.

            Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
            The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that the directors of
            the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the
            most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

            Revenue recognition from sales of goods at a point in time
            Revenue is recognised over time when the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an
            alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
            completed to date. Significant judgement is required in determining whether the terms of the Group’s
            contracts with customers in relation to products with no alternative use create an enforceable right to
            payment for the Group. The Group has considered the relevant local laws that apply to those relevant
            contracts and opinion from external legal counsel. Based on the assessment of the Group’s
            management, the terms of the relevant sales contracts do not create an enforceable right to payment
            for the Group after taking into consideration indicators. Accordingly, the sales of products with no
            alternative use is considered to be performance obligation satisfied at a point in time when control of
            the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of goods.

            Determining the method to estimate variable consideration and assessing the constraint for
            the sale of goods
            Certain contracts for the sale of goods include a right of return that give rise to variable consideration.
            In estimating the variable consideration, the Group is required to use either the expected value method
            or the most likely amount method based on which method better predicts the amount of consideration
            to which it will be entitled.

            The Group determined that the expected value method is the appropriate method to use in estimating
            the variable consideration for the sale of goods with rights of return, given the large number of
            customer contracts that have similar characteristics.

            Before including any amount of variable consideration in the transaction price, the Group considers
            whether the amount of variable consideration is constrained. The Group determined that the estimates
            of variable consideration are not constrained based on its historical experience, business forecast and
            the current economic conditions. In addition, the uncertainty on the variable consideration will be
            resolved within a short time frame.




184   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
     uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material
     adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets as at 31 December 2020 were approximately RMB2,208 million (2019: RMB1,579
     million), in relation to unused tax losses for certain operating subsidiaries has been recognised in the
     Group’s consolidated statement of financial position. No deferred tax assets have been recognised on
     the tax losses for non-operating subsidiaries due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. The
     realisability of the deferred tax assets mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits or taxable
     temporary differences will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future taxable profits
     generated are less or more than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in
     revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of deferred tax
     assets may arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal
     or further recognition takes place.

     Fair value measurement of financial instruments
     The fair value of the unlisted equity investments as at 31 December 2020 were approximately
     RMB2,640 million (2019: RMB1,374 million), are measured at fair value with fair value being determined
     based on significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are
     required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in
     assumptions relating to these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair value of these
     instruments. See Notes 21 and 48 for further disclosures.

     Estimation uncertainty
     Provision of ECL for trade receivables
     Trade receivables with significant balances and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually. In
     addition, the Group uses provision matrix to calculate ECL for the trade receivables which are
     individually insignificant. The provision rates are based on days past due as groupings of various
     debtors that have similar loss patterns. The provision matrix is based on the Group’s historical default
     rates taking into consideration forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable available
     without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
     reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. Due to greater financial
     uncertainty triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has increased the expected loss rates in
     the current year as there is higher risk that a prolonged pandemic could led to increased credit default
     rates.

     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the
     Group’s trade receivables are disclosed in Note 26.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   185
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
            Estimation uncertainty (continued)
            Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and other intangible
            assets
            Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets are stated at costs less
            accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the
            Group has to exercise judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event
            has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an
            asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value
            of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the
            appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow
            projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable
            amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable
            amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belong. Changing the assumptions and
            estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially
            affect the net present value used in the impairment test.

            Useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment
            Management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation for the Group’s property,
            plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of
            items of property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as
            a result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to industry cycles. The
            depreciation charge will increase when the useful lives are less than the previously estimated useful
            lives, or management will write off or write down obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been
            abandoned or sold. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of the property, plant and
            equipment were approximately RMB24,815 million (2019: RMB23,919 million).

            Estimated impairment of goodwill
            Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the
            cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is
            the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires
            the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit (or a
            group of cash-generating units) and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.
            Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances
            which results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss may arise. No
            impairment losses were recognised during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. As at 31
            December 2020, the carrying amount of goodwill are approximately RMB22,518 million (2019:
            RMB23,352 million). Further details are given in Note 18 to the consolidated Financial Statements.




186   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2020




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (continued)
     Estimated impairment of interests in associates
     Determining whether impairment loss should be recognised requires an estimation of the recoverable
     amount of the relevant associate which is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of
     disposal. The value in use calculation requires the management of the Group to estimate the present
     value of the estimated cash flows expected to arise from dividends to be received from the associate
     and the proceeds from the ultimate disposal of the investment taking into account of factors, including
     discount rate, dividend payout rate etc. In cases where the actual cash flows are less or more than
     expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future cash flows
     estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of impairment may arise, which would be
     recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place.

     Impairment losses of interests in associates were recognised for the year ended 31 December 2020
     were approximately RMB44 million (2019: RMB56 million). As at 31 December 2020, the net carrying
     amount of the investment in associates are approximately RMB21,569 million (2019: RMB20,461
     million). Further details are given in Note 20 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Provision of inventories
     Write-down of inventories to net realisable value is made based on the ageing and estimated net
     realisable value of inventories. The assessment of the write-down amount involves management’s
     judgements and estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the
     original estimate, such differences will impact the carrying value of the inventories and the write-down
     charge/reversal in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December 2020, the
     net carrying amounts of inventories (after impairment provision) were approximately RMB29,447 million
     (2019: RMB28,229 million)

     Product warranty provisions
     Product warranty provisions are made with reference to the retail volume and the expected unit cost
     for warranties. The assessment of the provision amount involves management’s judgements and
     estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimate,
     such differences will impact the carrying amount of the product warranty provisions and the provision
     amount charged/reversed in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December
     2020, the product warranty amounted to approximately RMB2,911 million (2019: RMB3,058 million).
     Further details are included in Note 34 to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   187
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
            Information reported to the directors, being the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), for the
            purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods
            or services delivered or provided.

            For segment reporting, these individual operating segments have been aggregated into a single
            reportable segment. For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on
            their products and services.

            Specifically, the Group’s reportable segments under IFRS 8 are as follows:

            (a)    Smart Home Business in China
                   (i)     Household Food Solutions
                           •   the domestic refrigerator business segment manufactures and sells refrigerator within
                               Mainland China (“Refrigerators/Freezers”);

                           •    the domestic kitchen appliances business segment manufactures and sells kitchen
                                appliances within Mainland China (“Kitchen Appliances”);

                   (ii)    Household Air Solutions
                           •   the domestic air conditioner business segment manufactures and sells air conditioner
                               within Mainland China (“Air-conditioners”);

                   (iii)   Household Clothing Solutions
                           •   the domestic washing machines segments manufactures and sells washing machines
                               within Mainland China (“Laundry Appliances”);

                   (iv)    Household Water Solutions
                           •   the domestic water appliances business segments manufactures and sells water
                               appliances within Mainland China (“Water Appliances”);

            (b)    Smart Home Business in Overseas
                   •       the overseas home appliances and smart home business segments manufacture and sells
                           home appliances and smart home appliances worldwide other than Mainland China (“Smart
                           Home Business Overseas”); and




188   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2020




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     (c)   Other Business
           •     the others comprise business less than quantitative thresholds (“Other Business”). Such
                 Other Business includes, among other things, parts and components, small home
                 appliances and distribution services. The parts and components business primarily involves
                 procurement, manufacturing and sales of ancillary parts and components for home
                 appliances, and manufacturing and sales of moulds. Small home appliances business
                 primarily involves design, outsourced manufacturing and sales of various small home
                 appliances of our brands, to supplement our smart home solutions business. Distribution
                 services business primarily involves distribution of televisions, consumer electronic products
                 and others for Haier Group and other third parties, leveraging the Group’s extensive sales
                 network.

     Upon the completion of the Asset Swap as detailed in Note 2.3 to Consolidated Financial Statements,
     the Bingji Group is regarded as an associate, an operating segment regarding the logistics business
     was classified as discontinued. The segment information reported on the next pages does not include
     any amounts for these discontinued operations, which are described in more detail in Note 11.

     (a)   All assets are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate assets (mainly
           comprising certain of goodwill, interests in associates and cash and cash equivalents); and

     (b)   All liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate liabilities (mainly
           comprising of interests-bearing borrowings, bonds and convertible and exchangeable bonds).

     Inter-segment sales represent the goods and services provided between segments. Segment result has
     been derived after elimination of inter-segment cost changed between segments.

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from continuing operations by
     reportable segments:




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   189
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            2020

            Continuing operations

                                                                              Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                    Household     Household    Household
                                                             Household                      Air     Clothing       Water
                                                           Food Solutions            Solutions     Solutions    Solutions
                                                                                                                            Smart Home
                                                     Refrigerators/      Kitchen          Air-      Laundry         Water     Business       Other
                                                          Freezers    Appliances conditioners     Appliances   Appliances     Overseas    Business     Total
                                                            RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M


              Segment revenue
                Segment revenue from external
                   customers                                30,562          2,636       21,861        22,483        9,833       100,044     22,284    209,703
                Inter-segment revenue                        3,821            136        3,645         3,502          384           579     70,340     82,407


              Total                                         34,383          2,772       25,506        25,985       10,217       100,623     92,624    292,110


              Reconciliation:
              Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                              (82,407)


              Total                                                                                                                                   209,703


              Segments results                               2,333            41            93         2,200        1,165         4,001        (13)     9,820
              Reconciliation:
              Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                                         (3)


                                                                                                                                                        9,817
              Corporate and other unallocated
                 income and gains or losses                                                                                                             3,688
              Corporate and other unallocated
                 expenses                                                                                                                                (249)
              Finance costs                                                                                                                            (1,321)
              Share of profits and losses of
                 associates                                                                                                                             1,620


              Profit before taxation                                                                                                                   13,555




190   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                  31 December 2020




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     2019

     Continuing operations

                                                                       Smart Home Business in China
                                                                            Household      Household    Household
                                                    Household                       Air      Clothing       Water
                                                  Food Solutions             Solutions      Solutions    Solutions
                                                                                                                     Smart Home
                                             Refrigerators/      Kitchen            Air-     Laundry         Water     Business      Other
                                                  Freezers    Appliances   conditioners    Appliances   Appliances     Overseas   Business     Total
                                                   RMB’M         RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


      Segment revenue
        Segment revenue from external
           customers                               30,424          2,149        20,366        22,113        9,521        92,392    21,041    198,006
        Inter-segment revenue                       2,323            286         3,126         2,331           75           521    62,626     71,288


      Total                                        32,747          2,435        23,492        24,444        9,596        92,913    83,667    269,294


      Reconciliation:
      Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                             (71,288)


      Total                                                                                                                                  198,006


      Segments results                               2,109           18              12        2,119        1,117         3,155        47      8,577
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                                       44


                                                                                                                                               8,621
      Corporate and other unallocated
         income and gains or losses                                                                                                            2,544
      Corporate and other unallocated
         expenses                                                                                                                               (236)
      Finance costs                                                                                                                           (1,732)
      Share of profits and losses of
         associates                                                                                                                            1,409


      Profit before taxation                                                                                                                  10,606




                                                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020       191
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            2020

                                                                            Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                  Household     Household    Household
                                                           Household                      Air     Clothing       Water
                                                         Food Solutions            Solutions     Solutions    Solutions
                                                                                                                          Smart Home
                                                   Refrigerators/      Kitchen          Air-      Laundry         Water     Business      Other
                                                        Freezers    Appliances conditioners     Appliances   Appliances     Overseas   Business    Total
                                                          RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


              Segment assets                              11,689          2,533       20,925        10,136        4,137       50,763     56,984   157,167
              Reconciliation:
              Elimination of segment assets                                                                                                       (54,985)
              Goodwill                                                                                                                             22,518
              Interests in associates                                                                                                              21,569
              Equity investments designated at
                 FVTOCI                                                                                                                             2,659
              Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                   2,208
              Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                                    2,165
              Financial assets measured at
                 amortised cost                                                                                                                       554
              Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                         78
              Pledged deposits                                                                                                                        822
              Other deposits with limited use                                                                                                           4
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                            45,635
              Other receivables                                                                                                                     2,735
              Other non-current financial assets                                                                                                      330


              Total assets                                                                                                                        203,459


              Segment liabilities                         29,206          1,539       13,439         8,219        5,108       31,107     60,169   148,787
              Reconciliation:
              Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                                  (54,845)
              Tax payable                                                                                                                           1,371
              Other payable                                                                                                                         1,030
              Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                        239
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                                                                           27
              Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                                          24,501
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                              1,900
              Convertible and exchangeable bonds                                                                                                    6,714
              Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                            89
              Bonds                                                                                                                                 5,535


              Total liabilities                                                                                                                   135,348




192   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                     31 December 2020




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     2019

                                                                          Smart Home Business in China
                                                                               Household      Household    Household
                                                       Household                       Air      Clothing       Water
                                                     Food Solutions             Solutions      Solutions    Solutions
                                                                                                                        Smart Home
                                                Refrigerators/      Kitchen            Air-     Laundry         Water     Business      Other
                                                     Freezers    Appliances   conditioners    Appliances   Appliances     Overseas   Business     Total
                                                      RMB’M         RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


      Segment assets                                  10,183          1,601        16,081         9,675        3,322        45,754    48,932    135,548
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment assets                                                                                                             (38,980)
      Goodwill                                                                                                                                   23,352
      Interests in associates                                                                                                                    20,461
      Equity investments designated at
         FVTOCI                                                                                                                                   1,396
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                         1,579
      Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                                            308
      Financial assets measured at
         amortised cost                                                                                                                           3,981
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                               19
      Pledged deposits                                                                                                                            1,211
      Other deposits with limited use                                                                                                                 5
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                  34,963
      Other receivables                                                                                                                           2,988
      Assets and disposal group held for sale                                                                                                        21
      Other non-current financial assets                                                                                                            602


      Total assets                                                                                                                              187,454


      Segment liabilities                             30,598          1,468         8,590         7,447        4,135        23,786    48,312    124,336
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                                        (39,098)
      Tax payable                                                                                                                                 1,278
      Other payable                                                                                                                                 892
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                               99
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                                                                                 43
      Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                                                26,685
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                    1,154
      Convertible and exchangeable bonds                                                                                                          7,005
      Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                                  15
      Put option liabilities                                                                                                                         55


      Total liabilities                                                                                                                         122,464




                                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020       193
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            2020

                                                                                    Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                          Household       Household      Household
                                                                 Household                        Air       Clothing         Water
                                                               Food Solutions              Solutions       Solutions      Solutions
                                                                                                                                       Smart Home
                                                         Refrigerators/        Kitchen          Air-        Laundry           Water      Business      Other
                                                              Freezers      Appliances conditioners       Appliances     Appliances      Overseas   Business    Total
                                                                RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M             RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


              Other segment information:
              Product warranty provisions                         1,343             98             794           798            636         1,055         —     4,724
              Provision for obsolete and
                 slow-moving inventories, net                       207             37             417            79             33           191        51     1,015
              Allowance for expected credit losses
                 in respect of trade and bills
                 receivable, net                                      7             —               22             —              3            90          9      131
              Impairment of prepayments, deposits
                 and other receivables and other
                 assets, net                                        175              8              23            47             26             3        74       356
              Loss on disposal of non-current
                 assets, net                                          9             —                2             —             (1)           96         5       111
              Depreciation and amortisation                         420             98             339           403            151         3,297       381     5,089


            2019

                                                                                      Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                           Household       Household      Household
                                                                 Household                         Air       Clothing         Water
                                                               Food Solutions               Solutions       Solutions      Solutions
                                                                                                                                       Smart Home
                                                          Refrigerators/        Kitchen            Air-      Laundry           Water     Business      Other
                                                               Freezers      Appliances   conditioners     Appliances     Appliances     Overseas   Business     Total
                                                                RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


              Other segment information:
              Product warranty provisions                         1,266             93          1,033            755            584         1,347         —     5,078
              Provision for obsolete and
                 slow-moving inventories, net                        65             13              94           104             18            65       217       576
              (Reversal)/impairment of trade and bills
                 receivable, net                                      (9)            3              15             (3)            2            87        36       131
              Impairment of prepayments, deposits
                 and other receivables and other
                 assets, net                                        133              6              64             —             —             20        81       304
              Loss/(gain) on disposal of non-current
                 assets, net                                         15             —               35           (487)           —             38         —      (399)
              Depreciation and amortisation                         350             39             308            176            98         3,053       347     4,371




194   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2020




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Geographical information
     (a)   Revenue from external customers


                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                          RMB’M                  RMB’M


            Mainland China                                                107,655               103,887
            North America                                                  63,705                57,922
            Europe                                                         16,513                15,195
            South Asia                                                      5,472                 6,340
            Australia and New Zealand                                       5,979                 5,352
            Southeast Asia                                                  4,123                 3,706
            Japan                                                           3,613                 3,249
            Middle East and Africa                                          1,205                 1,118
            Other country/regions                                           1,438                 1,237


                                                                          209,703               198,006


           The revenue information of continuing operations above is based on the locations of the
           customers.

           The revenue related to sales to overseas are subject to relevant tax at corresponding
           jurisdictions, if any.




                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   195
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            Geographical information (continued)
            (b)    Non-current assets


                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                    RMB’M              RMB’M


                     Mainland China                                                  15,029             14,237
                     Other country/regions                                           25,213             25,566


                                                                                     40,242             39,803
                     Interests in associates                                         21,569             20,461
                     Goodwill                                                        22,518             23,352
                     Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                          2,659              1,396
                     Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                  —                 295
                     Deferred tax assets                                              2,208              1,579


                                                                                     89,196             86,886


            The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes
            interests in associates, goodwill, equity investments designated at FVTOCI, financial assets measured
            at FVTPL and deferred tax assets.

            Information about major customers
            No single customer of the Group contributed 10% or more to the total revenue of the Group during
            the years ended 2020 and 2019.




196   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2020




5.   REVENUE, OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES
     An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                     2020                  2019
                                                                                   RMB’M                  RMB’M


       Sale of goods                                                               209,373               197,746
       Rendering of services                                                           330                   260


                                                                                   209,703               198,006


                                                                                     2020                  2019
                                                                                   RMB’M                  RMB’M


       Sale of goods
       — Point in time                                                             209,373               197,746
       Rendering of service
       — Point in time                                                                  116                    77
       — Over time                                                                      214                   183


                                                                                   209,703               198,006


     The Group has no revenue contract that has an original expected duration more than one year, thus
     management applied practical expedient under IFRS 15 and are not disclosing the aggregate amount
     of the transaction price allocated to the performance obligation that are unsatisfied or partially satisfied
     as of the end of the reporting period.

     Information about the Group’s performance obligations under IFRS 15 is summarised below:

     Sale of goods
     The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of goods and payment is generally due within 30
     to 90 days from delivery, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required.
     Some contracts provide customers with a right of return and volume rebates which give rise to variable
     consideration subject to constraint.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   197
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      5.    REVENUE, OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES (continued)
            Rendering of services
            The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at point in time as services are rendered or when
            the customer obtains control of the distinct services and payment is generally due within 30 to 90
            days from customers. Service contracts are for periods of one year or less, or are billed based on the
            time incurred. As permitted under practical expedient of IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to
            these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

            An analysis of other gains or losses from continuing operation is as follows:

                                                                                        2020             2019
                                                                                      RMB’M             RMB’M


              Treasury and investment income:
              Interest income from
                 Bank                                                                        470            525
                 Wealth management products                                                   88            130
                 Other                                                                        17             22
              Cash discount income                                                           144            162
              Dividend income from equity investment designated
                 at FVTOCI                                                                     21            39


                                                                                             740            878
              Compensation received from suppliers                                            43            279

              Gain/(loss) on disposal of
                Non-current assets, net                                                      (111)          399
                Financial assets/liabilities measured at FVTPL, net                            70            42
                Subsidiaries                                                                2,261             (4)
              Government grants (Note (a))                                                  1,151         1,256
              Rental income from investment properties (Note (b))                              23            13
              Net fair value gain on financial assets/liabilities
                at FVTPL                                                                       62            76
              Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                            (385)          275
              Sundry income                                                                   140           110


                                                                                            3,994         3,324




198   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2020




5.   REVENUE, OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES (continued)
     Rendering of services (continued)
     Notes:


     (a)      Various government grants have been received for investments in certain regions in Mainland China in which the Company’s
              subsidiaries operate as well as for the Group’s technology advancements. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
              contingencies relating to these grants.


     (b)      The rental income from investment properties less direct outgoings for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 amounted
              to approximately RMB4 million and RMB5 million respectively.


6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
     Profit before tax from continuing operations has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                     2020                   2019
                                                                                                   RMB’M                   RMB’M


           Cost of inventories sold                                                               147,631                 138,666
           Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories,
             net (Note(a))                                                                           1,015                      576
           Cost of services                                                                            224                      151


                                                                                                  148,870                 139,393


           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                             3,408                   2,998
           Depreciation of investment properties                                                         2                       2
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                         715                     898
           Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                     929                     752
           Amortisation of other non-current assets                                                     35                      13
           Discontinued operation impact on depreciation and
             amortisation                                                                                 —                    (292)


                                                                                                     5,089                   4,371


           Employee benefit expense:
            (including directors’, chief executive and supervisors’
            remuneration — Note 8):
            Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind                                      22,265                  20,157
            Pension scheme contributions                                                             1,178                   1,882
            Share-based payment                                                                        289                     477


                                                                                                    23,732                  22,516




                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020      199
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      6.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (continued)
            Profit before tax from continuing operations has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                2020                2019
                                                                                                              RMB’M                RMB’M


                  Impairment of trade and bills receivables, net (Note(b))                                       131                   131
                  Impairment of prepayments, deposits and other receivables
                    and long term prepayments, net (Note(b))                                                     265                   233
                  Impairment of property, plant and equipment (Note(b))                                            1                    11
                  Impairment of interests in associates (Note(b))                                                 44                    56
                  Impairment of other intangible assets (Note(b))                                                 46                    —
                  Impairment of contract assets (Note(b))                                                         —                        4


                                                                                                                 487                   435


                  Research and development costs                                                               6,860                 6,221
                  Auditors’ remuneration
                    — Audit services: Annual audit                                                                13                     10
                    — Services in connection with the Listing                                                     19                     —
                  Expenses relating to short-term leases and low value leases                                    212                   356
                  Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of
                    lease liabilities                                                                            130                    93
                  Product warranty provisions                                                                  4,724                 5,078
                  Net foreign exchange losses/(gains)                                                            385                  (275)
                  Loss/(gain) on disposal/write-off of non-current assets, net                                   111                  (399)
                  Listing expense                                                                                 22                    —

            Notes:

            (a)      The net provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories for the year is included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated
                     statement of profit or loss.


            (b)      Included in “Administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




200   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2020




7.   FINANCE COSTS
     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                 RMB’M                  RMB’M


       Interest on borrowings                                                         789                 1,078
       Interest on bonds                                                               35                    —
       Interest on convertible and exchangeable bonds                                 177                   274
       Interest on lease liabilities                                                  123                    98
       Other finance costs                                                            197                   282


                                                                                   1,321                  1,732


8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION
     Directors’, chief executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the
     Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
     the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                  2020                   2019
                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000


       Fees                                                                           351                   351


       Other emoluments:
         Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind                        5,493                 4,419
         Share-based payment                                                      19,498                41,415
         Pension scheme contributions                                                198                   207


                                                                                  25,189                46,041


                                                                                  25,540                46,392

     Note:


     Value are rounded to the nearest thousand (RMB’000).




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   201
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (a)    Independent non-executive directors
                   The remuneration of independent non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December
                   2020 and 2019 is as follows:

                   2020


                                                                           Salaries,
                                                                          Bonuses,
                                                                        allowances                  Pension
                                                                       and benefits Share-based     scheme
                                                                  Fees      in kind    payment contributions Total
                                                      Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000


                     DAI Deming                                     —             200             —            —       200
                     SHI Tiantao                        (ii)        —             138             —            —       138
                     CHIEN Da-chun                     (iii)        —             200             —            —       200
                     WONG Hak Kun                      (iv)         —              75             —            —        75


                                                                    —             613             —            —       613


                   2019


                                                                             Salaries,
                                                                            Bonuses,
                                                                          allowances                        Pension
                                                                         and benefits    Share-based        scheme
                                                                  Fees        in kind       payment    contributions Total
                                                      Notes    RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000


                     WU Cheng                           (i)         —             125             —            —       125
                     DAI Deming                                     —             200             —            —       200
                     SHI Tiantao                       (ii)         —             200             —            —       200
                     CHIEN Da-chun                     (iii)        —              75             —            —        75


                                                                    —             600             —            —       600




202   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2020




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (b)   Executive directors and the chief executive
           The remuneration of executive directors and the chief executive during the years end 31
           December 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

           2020


                                                          Salaries,
                                                          bonuses,
                                                       allowances                  Pension
                                                      and benefits Share-based     scheme
                                                 Fees       in kind   payment contributions Total
                                    Note      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000


            Executive directors:
            LIANG Haishan                         200          2,360          7,134            108      9,802
            LI Huagang
               (chief executive)      (v)         151          1,649          5,434             90      7,324


                                                  351          4,009         12,568            198     17,126


           2019


                                                            Salaries,
                                                           bonuses,
                                                         allowances                        Pension
                                                        and benefits    Share-based        scheme
                                                 Fees        in kind       payment    contributions Total
                                    Note      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000


            Executive directors:
            LIANG Haishan                         200          1,700         21,277             88     23,265
            LI Huagang
               (chief executive)      (v)         151          1,275          1,956             59      3,441


                                                  351          2,975         23,233            147     26,706




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   203
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (c)    Non-executive directors
                   The remuneration of non-executive directors during the years end 31 December 2020 and 2019
                   are as follows:

                   2020


                                                                            Salaries,
                                                                            bonuses,
                                                                         allowances                  Pension
                                                                        and benefits Share-based     scheme
                                                                   Fees       in kind   payment contributions Total
                                                      Notes     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000


                     Non-executive directors:
                     TAN Lixia                                       —              —           6,486           —     6,486
                     WU Changqi                                      —             200             —            —       200
                     LIN Sui                           (ix)          —             200             —            —       200
                     YAN, Andrew Y                     (x)           —             188             —            —       188


                                                                     —             588          6,486           —     7,074


                   2019


                                                                              Salaries,
                                                                             bonuses,
                                                                           allowances                        Pension
                                                                          and benefits    Share-based        scheme
                                                                   Fees        in kind       payment    contributions Total
                                                      Notes     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000


                     Non-executive directors:
                     PENG Jianfeng                      (vi)         —             125             —            —       125
                     ZHOU Hongbo                       (vii)         —             125             —            —       125
                     LIU Haifeng David                 (viii)        —              —              —            —        —
                     TAN Lixia                                       —              34         17,022           —    17,056
                     WU Changqi                                      —             200             —            —       200
                     LIN Sui                           (ix)          —              75             —            —        75
                     YAN, Andrew Y                     (x)           —              75             —            —        75


                                                                     —             634         17,022           —    17,656




204   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2020




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (d)   Supervisors
           The remuneration of supervisors during the years end 31 December 2020 and 2019 are as
           follows:

           2020


                                                           Salaries,
                                                          Bonuses,
                                                        allowances                  Pension
                                                       and benefits Share-based     scheme
                                                  Fees      in kind    payment contributions Total
                                   Notes       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000


            WANG Peihua                             —              —            265              —         265
            MING Guoqing                            —              —            179              —         179
            YU Miao                  (xii)          —             283            —               —         283


                                                    —             283           444              —         727


           2019


                                                             Salaries,
                                                            Bonuses,
                                                          allowances                        Pension
                                                         and benefits    Share-based        scheme
                                                  Fees        in kind       payment    contributions Total
                                   Notes       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000


            WANG Peihua                             —              —            701              —         701
            MING Guoqing                            —              —            459              —         459
            WANG Yuqing              (xi)           —              —             —                5          5
            YU Miao                  (xii)          —             210            —               55        265


                                                    —             210          1,160             60      1,430




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   205
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (d)    Supervisors (continued)
                   Notes:


                   (i)      WU Cheng resigned on 18 June 2019.


                   (ii)     SHI Tiantao resigned on 3 June 2020.


                   (iii)    CHIEN Da-chun appointed on 18 June 2019.


                   (iv)     WONG Hak Kun appointed on 3 June 2020.


                   (v)      LI Huagang appointed on 18 June 2019.


                   (vi)     PENG Jianfeng resigned on 18 June 2019.


                   (vii)    ZHOU Hongbo resigned on 18 June 2019.


                   (viii)   LIU Haifeng David resigned on 18 June 2019.


                   (ix)     LIN Sui appointed on 18 June 2019.


                   (x)      YAN, Andrew Y appointed on 18 June 2019 and resigned on 3 November 2020.


                   (xi)     WANG Yuqing resigned on 8 June 2019.


                   (xii)    YU Miao appointed on 18 June 2019.




206   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




9.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
     The five highest paid employees during the year included 3 directors and one of which is the chief
     executive (2019: three directors and the chief executive), details of whose remuneration are set out in
     note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining 2 (2019: two) highest paid
     non-director employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                 2020                   2019
                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


      Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind                          4,378                 3,188
      Share-based payment                                                        25,102                15,764
      Pension scheme contributions                                                  200                   118


                                                                                 29,680                19,070


     The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell
     within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                             Number of employees
                                                                                2020             2019


      HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                    —                      1
      HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                    1                      —
      HK$16,000,001 to HK$16,500,000                                                  —                      1
      HK$26,500,001 to HK$27,000,000                                                   1                     —


      Total                                                                            2                      2


     For awarded shares were granted to these non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
     employees in respect of their services to the Group under the share award scheme of the Group. The
     fair values of awarded shares, which have been recognised in the statement of profit or loss over the
     vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the consolidated
     financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 are included in the above non-
     director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   207
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                                             2020                2019
                                                                                           RMB’M                RMB’M


              Current tax
              Charge for the year                                                             2,116               1,649
              Deferred tax (Note 36)                                                            116                  (65)


              Total tax charge for the year from continuing operations                        2,232               1,584


              Current tax
              Charge for the year                                                                                    60
              Deferred tax (Note 36)                                                                                652


              Total tax charge for the year from a discontinued operation                                           712


            Under the Law of the Mainland China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
            Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the Mainland China subsidiaries is 25% for during the years
            ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

            Hong Kong profit tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits
            arising in Hong Kong (2019: 16.5%).

            Pursuant to the income tax rules and regulations of USA, the companies comprising the Group in USA
            were liable to the federal corporate tax rate of 21% for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

            Taxation, arising in other jurisdictions in calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.

            The revenue related to sales to overseas are subject to relevant tax at corresponding jurisdictions, if
            any.




208   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2020




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (continued)
   A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the
   jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax
   expense at the effective tax rates is as follows:

                                                                               2020                  2019
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Profit before tax from continuing operations                              13,555                10,606
    Profit before tax from a discontinued operation                               —                  4,025


                                                                              13,555                14,631


    Tax at the statutory tax rate                                              3,388                  3,656
    Lower tax rates enacted by local authorities                                (477)                  (866)
    Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                   (460)                  (261)
    Tax effect of share of profit or losses to associates                       (351)                  (211)
    Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                            (230)                  (164)
    Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                        269                    128
    Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                            93                     14


    Total tax charge for the year                                              2,232                  2,296


    Total tax charge for the year from continuing operations                   2,232                  1,584


    Total tax charge for the year from a discontinued operation                    —                    712




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   209
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      11. DISCONTINUED OPERATION
            The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
            statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group the period
            from 1 January to 25 July 2019, include the results, changes in equity and cash flows of all
            companies then comprising the Group, Qingdao Haishi and Gooday Health, as if the corporate
            structure of the Group immediately after the completion of the Asset Swap and the Acquisition had
            been in existence throughout the period from 1 January to 25 July 2019, or since their respective
            dates of acquisition, incorporation or registration, where this is a shorter period. The consolidated
            statement of financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2019 has been prepared to present
            the state of affairs of the Group, Qingdao Haishi and Gooday Health as if the corporate structure of
            the Group immediately after the completion of the Asset Swap and the Acquisition had been in
            existence and in accordance with the respective equity interests and/or the power to exercise control
            over the individual companies attributable to the Company as at 31 December 2019.

            On 26 July 2019, the Group completed the Asset Swap as further detailed in Notes 2.3 and 4 to
            Consolidated Financial Statements. As a result, the Bingji Group has since become an associate to the
            Group and its business is classified as a discontinued operation.




210   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




11. DISCONTINUED OPERATION (continued)
   The results of the Bingji Group for the period from 1 January to 25 July 2019 (i.e., the period prior to
   the classification of the Bingji Group as a discontinued operation) are presented below:

                                                                                                Period from
                                                                                               1 January to
                                                                                               25 July 2019
                                                                                  Note              RMB’M


    Revenue                                                                                             4,907
    Cost and expenses                                                                                  (4,710)


    Profit from the discontinued operation                                                                197
    Gain recognised on the remeasurement of fair value of the
      discontinued operation                                                                            3,191
    Gain recognised on disposal of the discontinued operation                                             637


    Profit before tax from the discontinued operation                                                   4,025
    Income tax:
      Related to pre-tax profit                                                    10                      (47)
      Related to remeasurement of fair value                                       10                    (665)


    Profit for the year from discontinued operation                                                     3,313


    Attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                                             1,491
      Non-controlling interests                                                                         1,822


                                                                                                        3,313


    Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company:

       — from continued operations                                                                      7,260
       — from discontinued operations                                                                   1,491


                                                                                                        8,751




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   211
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      11. DISCONTINUED OPERATION (continued)
            The net cash flows incurred by the Bingji Group for the period from 1 January to 25 July 2019 are as
            follows:

                                                                                                  Period from
                                                                                                 1 January to
                                                                                                 25 July 2019
                                                                                                      RMB’M


              Operating activities                                                                        (161)
              Investing activities                                                                          20
              Financing activities                                                                        (283)


              Net cash outflow                                                                            (424)


              Earning per share:
                — Basic, from discontinued operations (RMB per share)                                     0.23


                 — Diluted, from discontinued operations (RMB per share)                                  0.23


            The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share from the discontinued operation are based
            on:

                                                                                                  Period from
                                                                                                 1 January to
                                                                                                 25 July 2019


              Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company from the
                discontinued operation (RMB million)                                                    1,491


              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year used
                in the basic earnings per share calculation (Note 13)                           6,381,003,276
              Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
              Convertible bond                                                                    186,455,019


              Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the diluted earnings
               per share calculation (Note 13)                                                  6,567,458,295




212   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2020




12. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                              2020                 2019
                                                                                            RMB’M                 RMB’M


       Proposed final dividend                                                                3,400                 2,467


       Dividend paid during the year                                                          2,467                 2,235


                                                                                               2020                  2019
                                                                                               RMB                   RMB


       Dividend proposed per share*                                                           0.366                 0.375

   *      The amount represents RMB3.66 for every 10 shares in 2020 (2019: RMB3.75 for every 10 shares).


13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit attributable to ordinary
   equity holders of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.

   The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit attributable to ordinary
   equity holders of the Company, adjusted to reflect the interest and effect of the convertible and
   exchangeable bonds. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the
   number of ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, as used in
   the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares
   assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive
   potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.




                                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   213
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
          HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                       2020     2019
                                                                                     RMB’M     RMB’M


              Earnings
              Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company
                used in the basic earnings per share calculation:
                From continuing operations                                            8,877     6,715
                From a discontinued operation                                            —      1,491


                                                                                      8,877     8,206


              Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share from
                continuing operation                                                  8,877     6,715
                Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
                  Interest on convertible and exchangeable bonds, net of
                     tax                                                                177      259
                  Profit for the year attributable to convertible and
                     exchangeable bonds holders                                        (370)     (645)


              Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share from
                continuing operations                                                 8,684     6,329




214   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                         31 December 2020




13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY (continued)
   The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                          2020                    2019


     Number of shares

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
       of calculating basic earnings per share                                                6,639,703,600              6,381,003,276
     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
       Convertible bonds                                                                          10,434,277              186,455,019


     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
      the year used in the diluted earnings per share calculation                             6,650,137,877              6,567,458,295

   Note:


   The weighted average number of ordinary shares as above are adjusted by the number of shares that would have been issued
   assuming the conversion of convertible bonds.


14. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)     During the year, in addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these consolidated financial
           statements, the Group had the following material transactions with the Group’s related parties
           (and their affiliates):

                                                                                                        2020                    2019
                 Relationship              Nature of transactions                                     RMB’M                    RMB’M


                 Associates                Sale of goods and services                                    1,592                   1,566
                                           Logistics service fees                                           —                       23
                                           Purchase of goods and services                               17,044                  15,841
                                           Interest income                                                 158                      94
                                           Interest expenses                                                87                      63


                 Haier                     Sale of goods and services                                    2,567                   2,634
                 Affiliates                Logistics service fees                                           —                       51
                   (Note (i))              Purchase of goods and services                               22,238                  20,120
                                           Other service fee expenses                                      114                     181


           The above transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually
           agreed by the parties involved.

           Note:


           (i)       Haier Affiliates include Haier Group’s associates and subsidiaries and its respective associates.




                                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020     215
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      14. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (b)    Compensation of key management personnel (including the directors, chief executive and
                   supervisors of the Company) of the Group.

                                                                                  2020             2019
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


                     Short term employee benefits                                 7,323             6,020
                     Post-employment benefits                                       306               290
                     Share-based payment                                         20,913            46,068


                     Total compensation paid to key management personnel         28,542            52,378


                   Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in Note 8 to
                   Consolidated Financial Statements.

                   The number of non-director and non-chief executive key management personnel whose
                   remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                   2020             2019


                     Number of individuals within the band of
                      $1,000,001–$1,500,000                                           1                —
                     Number of individuals within the band of
                      $2,000,001–$2,500,000                                           1                —
                     Number of individuals within the band of
                      $2,500,001–$3,000,000                                          —                  1
                     Number of individuals within the band of
                      $4,000,001–$4,500,000                                          —                  1




216   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




14. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (c)   The Group had the following balances with its related parties as at 31 December 2020 and 2019:

                                                                                 2020                  2019
                                                                               RMB’M                  RMB’M


               Balance due from related parties:
               Trade related
               — Associates                                                        581                    573
               — Haier Affiliates                                                1,655                  1,503


                                                                                 2,236                  2,076


               Balance due from related parties:
               Non-trade related
               — Controlling shareholder                                             —                    215
               — Associates                                                          —                      5
               — Haier Affiliates                                                    —                    110


                                                                                     —                    330


               Balance due to related parties:
               Trade related
               — Associates                                                        320                    285
               — Haier Affiliates                                                6,829                  5,368


                                                                                 7,149                  5,653


               Balance due to related parties:
               Non-trade related
               — Haier Affiliates                                                    —                    190


         The non-trade balance due from/to related parties settled upon the listing.

   (d)   Guarantee
         Certain of the Group’s loans are guaranteed by:

         (i)      Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, approximately RMB Nil as at 31
                  December 2020 (2019: approximately RMB12,175 million); and

         Save as above, all guarantees provided to the Group by the Controlling Shareholder and/or its
         close associates have been released at the end of the reporting period.

   (e)   For the transactions constitute connected transactions under Listing Rules, please refer to
         “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions” under “Directors’ Report”.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   217
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                    Furniture
                                                       Land and       Leasehold Machinery and                    fixture and     Construction
                                                       buildings    improvement    equipment Motor vehicles     equipments        in progress     Total
                                                         RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M            RMB’M            RMB’M      RMB’M


              Cost:
              As at 1 January 2019                         9,410            234        19,105           234            1,411            3,898    34,292
              Additions                                       23            308          1,071             4             126            4,825     6,357
              Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 40)          790             —             465             4             168               58     1,485
              Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 41)          (1,725)           (57)            (62)       (105)              (22)           (632)   (2,603)
              Disposals/write-off                           (302)           (20)        (1,169)          (11)           (109)              —     (1,611)
              Transfers                                    1,286               8         3,786            29             625           (5,734)        —
              Exchange realignment                            96              (8)          271             2               51              11       423


              As at 31 December 2019 and
                 1 January 2020                            9,578            465        23,467           157            2,250            2,426    38,343
              Additions                                      141            134         1,228             3              125            4,697      6,328
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                     —              —             50             1               —                 1          52
              Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 41)            (597)           (36)       (1,150)          (11)            (171)            (147)   (2,112)
              Disposals/write-off                            (50)            (8)       (1,071)           (9)            (243)              —     (1,381)
              Transfer from construction in progress         941             13         1,843            15              439           (3,285)       (34)
              Transfer to investment property
                 (Note 16)                                    —              —              —            —                —                (2)       (2)
              Exchange realignment                          (262)            (6)         (998)           (5)             (59)             (93)   (1,423)


              As at 31 December 2020                       9,751            562        23,369           151            2,341            3,597    39,771


              Accumulated depreciation and
                  impairment:
              As at 1 January 2019                         3,069             59         8,796           151              752               24    12,851
              Depreciation provided for the year             469             97         2,147            23              262               —      2,998
              Eliminated on disposal of subsidiaries
                  (Note 41)                                 (346)           (31)            (38)        (85)             (12)              —       (512)
              Eliminated on disposals/write-off             (191)           (20)          (826)         (10)             (97)              —     (1,144)
              Impairment provided for the year                —              —                1          —                —                10        11
              Exchange realignment                           42              (9)           173            1               13               —        220


              As at 31 December 2019 and
                  1 January 2020                           3,043             96        10,253            80              918               34    14,424
              Depreciation provided for the year             497            154         2,400            20              337               —      3,408
              Eliminated on disposal of subsidiaries
                  (Note 41)                                 (321)           (16)         (817)          (10)            (105)              —     (1,269)
              Eliminated on disposals/write-off              (18)            (8)         (794)           (6)            (218)              —     (1,044)
              Reversal of impairment loss                     —              —             —             —                —               (34)      (34)
              Impairment provided for the year                —              —             —             —                —                 1          1
              Exchange realignment                           (65)            (4)         (440)           (3)             (18)              —       (530)


              As at 31 December 2020                       3,136            222        10,602            81              914                1    14,956


              Carrying amounts
              As at 31 December 2020                       6,615            340        12,767            70            1,427            3,596    24,815


              As at 31 December 2019                       6,535            369        13,214            77            1,332            2,392    23,919




218   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2020




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
   As at 31 December 2020, certain of the Group’s land and buildings with an aggregate net book value
   of approximately RMB858 million (2019: RMB1,173 million), which did not have building ownership
   certificates registered under the names of the respective subsidiaries of the Company.

   In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy
   and/or use the buildings and investment properties for its daily operations, notwithstanding the fact
   that the related building ownership certificates have not yet been obtained.

   As at 31 December 2020, certain of the Group’ s land and buildings with an aggregate carrying
   amount was RMB Nil (2019: RMB55 million) were pledged to secure bank loans granted to the Group
   (Note 33).

16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                    RMB’M


    Cost:
    As at 1 January 2019, 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                            48
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                                  2
    Exchange realignment                                                                                  (1)


    As at 31 December 2020                                                                               49


    Accumulated depreciation:
    As at 1 January 2019                                                                                 17
    Depreciation provided for the year                                                                    2


    As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                                            19
    Depreciation provided for the year                                                                    2


    As at 31 December 2020                                                                               21


    Carrying amounts
    As at 31 December 2020                                                                               28


    As at 31 December 2019                                                                               29


   The Group’s investment properties consist of one commercial property in Hong Kong and three
   industrial properties in Mainland China as at 31 December 2020 (2019: one commercial property in
   Hong Kong and two industrial properties in Mainland China).




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   219
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
            The fair value of the Group’s investment properties at 31 December 2020 was RMB62 million (2019:
            RMB62 million). The fair value has been arrived at based on a valuation carried out by 青 島 天 和 資 產
            評 估 有 限 責 任 公 司, independent valuers not connected with the Group.

            The valuation technique is the income approach and the significant inputs used in the fair value
            measurement are the estimated rental value, rent growth and discount rate for investment properties in
            Hong Kong.

            The fair value of the industrial properties in Mainland China was determined based on the income
            approach, where the market rentals of all lettable units of the properties are assessed and discounted
            at the market yield expected by investors for this type of properties. The market rentals are assessed
            by reference to the rentals achieved in the lettable units of the properties as well as other lettings of
            similar properties in the neighbourhood. The discount rate is determined by reference to the yields
            derived from analysing the sales transactions of similar commercial properties in Mainland China and
            adjusted to take into account the market expectation form property investors to reflect factors specific
            to the Group’s investment properties. There has been no change from the valuation technique used in
            the prior year.

            In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current
            use.

            Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at the
            end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                      2020                          2019
                                                                             Fair value                    Fair value
                                                               Carrying      at Level 3       Carrying     at Level 3
                                                                amount        hierarchy       amount        hierarchy
                                                                RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M


              Investment properties in Hong Kong                      19             22             20             24
              Investment properties outside Hong Kong                  9             40              9             38


            The above investment properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per
            annum:

            Investment property                                                                     1.9% to 10.56%

            As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s investment properties in Mainland China with a carrying amount
            of approximately RMB7 million (2019: RMB9 million) did not have a building ownership certificate
            registered under the name of the respective subsidiary of the Company. The Group obtained an
            undertaking from Haier Group in relation to this property title issue, details of which are set out in
            Note 15 to Consolidated Financial Statements.




220   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       31 December 2020




17. LEASES
   The Group as a leasee
   The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use rights, buildings, machinery and
   equipment, furniture, fixtures and equipment and motor vehicles used in its operations. Lump sum
   payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 50
   years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of
   buildings and plant and machinery generally have lease terms between one and ten years, while
   machinery and equipment, furniture, fixtures and equipment and motor vehicles generally have lease
   terms of twelve months or less and/or are individually of low value.

   (a)   Right-of-use assets
         The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are
         as follows:


                                                                                                 Furniture,
                                                  Prepaid                Machinery                 fixtures
                                               land lease      Land and        and       Motor          and
                                                payments        building equipment     vehicles equipment         Total
                                                  RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M         RMB’M


          As at 1 January 2019                      1,868         2,803         —            2          237        4,910
          Additions                                   280         1,202         37         165          129        1,813
          Disposals                                      (3)          (4)        (7)        —            —            (14)
          Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 41)       (1,070)         (983)        —           —            —        (2,053)
          Depreciation provided for the year           (34)        (702)         (5)        (55)       (102)        (898)
          Exchange realignment                            6          31           1           2           4            44


          As at 31 December 2019 and
             1 January 2020                         1,047         2,347         26         114          268        3,802
          Additions                                   245           855         15          54           75        1,244
          Disposals                                  (184)          (49)        (6)         (4)          —          (243)
          Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 41)          (23)          (19)        —           —            —           (42)
          Depreciation provided for the year          (21)         (535)        (9)         (60)        (90)        (715)
          Exchange realignment                         (3)         (121)         1            1         (23)        (145)


          As at 31 December 2020                    1,061         2,478         27         105          230        3,901


         As at 31 December 2020, certain parcels of the Group’s leasehold land with an aggregate
         carrying amount of approximately RMB Nil (2019: RMB105 million) did not have land use right
         certificates registered under the names of the Group. The Group obtained undertakings from
         Haier Group in relation to this title issue, details of which are set out in Note 15 to Consolidated
         Financial Statements.




                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   221
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      17. LEASES (continued)
            The Group as a leasee (continued)
            (b)    Lease liabilities
                   The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                          RMB’M


                     As at 1 January 2019                                                                   3,153
                     New leases                                                                             1,469
                     Interest expenses recognised during the year                                             125
                     Payments                                                                                (894)
                     Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 41)                                                    (1,023)
                     Exchange realignment                                                                    (255)


                     As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                              2,575
                     New leases                                                                               999
                     Interest expenses recognised during the year                                             123
                     Payments                                                                                (728)
                     Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 41)                                                       (23)
                     Early Termination                                                                        (83)
                     Exchange realignment                                                                    (119)


                     As at 31 December 2020                                                                 2,744


                     Analysed into:
                     As at 31 December 2020
                     Current portion                                                                          671
                     Non-current portion                                                                    2,073


                                                                                                            2,744


                     As at 31 December 2019
                     Current portion                                                                          595
                     Non-current portion                                                                    1,980


                                                                                                            2,575


                   The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 49 to Consolidated Financial
                   Statements.




222   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




17. LEASES (continued)
   The Group as a leasee (continued)
   (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss from continuing operations in relation to leases are as
         follows:


                                                                                 2020                  2019
                                                                               RMB’M                  RMB’M


          Interest on lease liabilities                                             123                    98
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                693                   644
          Expense relating to:
             Short-term leases                                                      199                   356
             Lease of low value assets                                               13                    —
             Variable lease payments not included in the
               measurement of lease liabilities                                     130                    93


          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                              1,158                  1,191


   (e)   The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in Note 42(c) to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                                                                 2020                  2019
                                                                               RMB’M                  RMB’M


          Lease liabilities payble:

          Within one year                                                           691                   661
          Within a period of more than one year but not
           exceeding two years                                                      577                   494
          Within a period of more than two years but not
           exceeding five years                                                    458                    443
          Within a period of more than five years                                1,402                  1,311


          Total minimum lease payment                                            3,128                  2,909
          Less: total future interest expenses                                    (384)                  (334)


                                                                                 2,744                  2,575
          Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
                 shown under current liabilities                                   (671)                 (595)


          Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
           under non-current liabilities                                         2,073                  1,980


         The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 0.12%
         to 11.45% (2019:from 0.12% to 10.0%).



                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   223
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      17. LEASES (continued)
            The Group as a lessor
            The Group leases its investment properties (Note 16) consisting of one commercial property in Hong
            Kong and three industrial properties in Hefei and Dalian, the Mainland China, under operating lease
            arrangements as at 31 December 2020 ((2019: one commercial property in Hong Kong and two
            industrial properties in Hefei and Dalian, the Mainland China,). Rental income recognised by the Group
            was approximately RMB23 million (2019: RMB13 million) for the years ended 31 December 2020,
            details of which are included in Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

            At the end of the reporting period, the undiscounted lease payments receivables by the Group in
            future periods under non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M


              Within one year                                                             31                 13
              In the second to fifth years, inclusive                                     18                 19
              After five years                                                             3                  7


                                                                                          52                 39


      18. GOODWILL
                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M


              Cost:
              As at 1 January                                                         23,352             21,239
              Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 40)                                      465              2,061
              Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 41)                                          (3)              (285)
              Exchange realignment                                                    (1,296)               337


              As at 31 December                                                       22,518             23,352


              Net carrying amount                                                     22,518             23,352




224   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2020




18. GOODWILL (continued)
   Goodwill acquired through business combinations are allocated to the following cash-generating units
   for impairment testing:

   Smart Home Business Overseas segment:

   •      GE Appliances;

   •      Haier New Zealand Investment Holding Company Limited (“HNZ”); and

   •      Haier Europe Appliance Solutions S.P.A (Formly know as “Candy S.p.A”) (“Candy”)

   Other business segment:

   •      Qingdao Gooday Lejia IOT Technology Co., Ltd. (“Lejia IOT”)

   The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that
   goodwill might be impaired.

   The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the cash-generating units is as follows:

                                                                                              2020                  2019
                                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


       GE Appliances (Note)                                                                  19,383                 20,725
       HNZ (Note)                                                                               509                    509
       Candy (Note)                                                                           2,086                  2,032
       Lejia IOT (Note)                                                                         448                     —
       Other                                                                                     92                      86


       Net carrying amount                                                                   22,518                 23,352

   Note: The recoverable amounts of GE Appliances, HNZ, Candy and Lejia IOT have been determined by using cash flow projections
         based on financial budgets approved by senior management.


   Assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation of the above cash-generating units as at 31
   December 2020 and 2019. The following describes each key assumption on which management has
   based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill. The annual growth rates of
   each CGUs are based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average
   long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. Other key assumptions for the value-in-use calculations
   relate to the estimation of cash flows which include budgeted sales and gross margin, such estimation
   is based on the unit’s past performance and management’s expectations for the market development.

   During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the management of the Group determines that
   there is no impairment on goodwill.




                                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020     225
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      18. GOODWILL (continued)
            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of GE Appliances are as follows:


                                                        Pre-tax     Annual    Terminal
                                                       discount     growth     growth        EBIT      EBITDA    Headroom
                                                           rate        rate       rate        rate        rate   (in million)


                                                                      2.50%                  6.91%       9.91%
              As at 31 December 2020                    13.08%     to 3.40%     2.00%     to 8.18%   to 11.18%   RMB13,356


                                                                     2.50%                  5.38%       8.65%
              As at 31 December 2019                    11.11%     to 3.79%     2.00%     to 6.97%   to 10.11%   RMB10,798


            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of HNZ are as follows:


                                                                    Annual    Terminal
                                                        Pre-tax     growth     growth        EBIT      EBITDA    Headroom
                                                       discount        rate       rate        rate        rate   (in million)


                                                                      0.25%                  3.90%      10.84%
              As at 31 December 2020                    13.55%     to 3.08%     2.00%     to 9.13%   to 15.54%     RMB288


                                                                      0.63%                  3.36%      10.15%
              As at 31 December 2019                    13.19%     to 3.08%     2.00%     to 8.90%   to 15.01%      RMB122


            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of Candy are as follows:


                                                                    Annual    Terminal
                                                        Pre-tax     growth     growth        EBIT      EBITDA    Headroom
                                                       discount        rate       rate        rate        rate   (in million)


                                                         10.41%       8.92%                  2.80%       5.26%
              As at 31 December 2020                  to 10.42%   to 77.37%     2.11%     to 7.14%    to 8.34%     RMB924


                                                                      8.92%                  2.11%       2.68%
              As at 31 December 2019                     9.83%    to 46.30%     1.80%     to 7.14%    to 7.98%      RMB524


            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable amount of Lejia IOT are as follows:


                                                                    Annual    Terminal
                                                        Pre-tax     growth     growth        EBIT      EBITDA    Headroom
                                                       discount        rate       rate        rate        rate   (in million)


                                                                     -5.85%                 20.38%      20.38%
              As at 31 December 2020                    14.89%     to 8.36%     2.50%    to 27.34%   to 27.34%    RMB4.72




226   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2020




18. GOODWILL (continued)
   Sensitivity analysis of the recoverable amount are disclosed as below:


                                                                         GE
                                                                  Appliances           HNZ             Candy            Lejia IOT


     1% (increase)/decrease in discount rate would result
       in recoverable amount (decrease)/increase by:


                                                                RMB(4,131)/
     31 December 2020 (in million):                                  4,960     RMB(356)/426   RMB(856)/1,093         RMB(41)/48


     31 December 2019 (in million):                         RMB(4,766)/5,958   RMB(380)/462    RMB(850)/1,105                N/A


   The below analysis by the management of the Company estimate of a reasonably possible change in a
   key assumption would cause the carrying amount of the CGU to exceed its recoverable amount:

   As at 31 December 2020, if the discount rate increase 1%, while other parameters remain constant,
   the recoverable amount of the GE Appliances, HNZ, Candy and Lejia IOT will reduce approximately
   RMB4,131 million, RMB356 million, RMB856 million and RMB41 million (2019: approximately
   RMB4,766 million, RMB380 million and RMB850 million) respectively, and further impairment of
   goodwill of GE Appliances, HNZ, Candy and Lejia IOT of approximately RMB Nil, RMB80 million, RMB
   Nil and RMB36 million (2019: approximately RMB Nil, RMB262 million, RMB332 million and N/A)
   respectively.

   Annual growth rate — The basis used to determine the annual growth rate is the average growth rate
   achieved in the years immediately before the budget year, increased for expected market
   development.

   Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the
   relevant units.

   EBIT — Projected average earnings before interest and taxes.

   EBITDA — Projected average earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation.

   Terminal growth rate — The constant rate that the Company is expected to grow at forever.




                                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   227
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      19. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                      Proprietary    Patents and                   Software &
                                                      technology        licences    Trademarks         Others         Total
                                                          RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M


              As at 1 January 2019                         1,050           3,654         1,252             1,423       7,379
              Additions                                      150             140            —                911       1,201
              Acquisition of subsidiaries
                (Note 40)                                      —               6         1,451              335        1,792
              Disposal of subsidiaries
                (Note 41)                                      —              —             —                (56)        (56)
              Disposals                                        —              —             —                (14)        (14)
              Amortisation provided
                for the year                                 (164)          (112)           —               (476)       (752)
              Exchange realignment                              5             72            19                 (6)        90
              As at 31 December 2019 and
                1 January 2020                             1,041           3,760         2,722             2,117       9,640
              Additions                                      109              48            —                402         559
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                     —               —             —                 55          55
              Disposal of subsidiaries
                (Note 41)                                      —              —             —                (24)        (24)
              Disposals                                        —              —             —                 (8)         (8)
              Amortisation provided
                for the year                                 (169)          (135)           —               (625)       (929)
              Impairment loss                                  —              —             —                (46)        (46)
              Exchange realignment                            (10)          (226)           (8)              (46)       (290)


              As at 31 December 2020                         971           3,447         2,714             1,825       8,957


            The carrying amounts of trademarks allocated to each of cash generating unites of the Group is as
            follows:

                                                                                                    2020              2019
                                                                                                  RMB’M              RMB’M


              GE Appliances                                                                          620                663
              HNZ                                                                                    608                612
              Candy                                                                                1,486              1,447


              Net carrying amount                                                                  2,714              2,722




228   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




19. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
   The trademark held represented the exclusive right to use of registered trademarks, including Fisher &
   Paykel, DCS and ELBA for HNZ business. GE Appliances operates under several key brands, including
   General Electric series (all product lines), Monogram (refrigerator and cooking), and Hotpoint (laundry
   and cooking), etc. Candy business operates under several key brands, including Candy (mainly
   oriented to the low-to-mid-end kitchen and bathroom appliances) and Hoover (mainly oriented to the
   mid-to-high-end kitchen and bathroom appliances and the floor care appliances).

   In estimating the fair value of trademark, a variation of the income approach, the Relief from Royalty
   (“RfR”) Method, was applied. In the RfR method, the fair value of the intangible asset is estimated to
   be the present value of the royalties saved because the Company owns the intangible asset. In other
   words, the owner of the intangible asset realises a benefit from owning the intangible asset rather than
   pay a rent or royalty for the use of the intangible asset.

   Set out below are details of the value of inputs used in the value-in-use calculation under IAS 36. The
   calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management, and key
   parameters adopted by the valuer for performing the impairment assessment of the intangible assets
   belong to GE Appliances, HNZ and Candy, being the cash generating unit of the Group with indefinite
   useful lives (i.e. trademark) as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

                                                 GE Appliances                    HNZ                  Candy


             Key parameters on valuation:
    (a)      Annual growth rate
             31 December 2020:                     6.90%–7.33%         8.29%–11.02%           9.21%–29.96%
             31 December 2019:                            7.00%         8.33%–8.81%            9.21%–18.19%

    (b)      Pre-tax discount rate
             31 December 2020:                          12.34%                 18.90%                 10.25%
             31 December 2019:                           11.22%                18.70%                   9.27%

    (c)      Terminal growth rate
             31 December 2020:                            2.00%                   —%                    2.11%
             31 December 2019:                            2.00%                   —%                    1.80%

    (d)      Royalty rate
             31 December 2020:                            1.25%                 2.50%                   1.25%
             31 December 2019:                            1.25%                 2.50%                   1.25%


   The valuation methodology and assumptions were consistently adopted and applied in the valuations
   conducted by the respective valuers. The Management of the Group considered that the basis and
   assumptions used for preparing the cash flow projection, the valuation methodology and the valuation
   report were reasonable and appropriate.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   229
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      19. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
            There was no impairment loss recognised during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

            The below sensitivity analysis by management of the Company estimate if a reasonably possible
            change in a key assumption would cause the intangible assets carrying amount to exceed its
            recoverable amount:

                                                            GE Appliances              HNZ            Candy


              Sensitivity analysis
              1% (increase)/decrease in the discount rate
                 would result in recoverable amount
                 (decrease)/increase by:
              31 December 2020 (in million):                    RMB(9)/9         RMB(43)/49     RMB(271)/351
              31 December 2019 (in million):                  RMB(84)/103        RMB(43)/48     RMB(286)/386

              Headroom
              31 December 2020 (in million):                      RMB57             RMB149         RMB1,059
              31 December 2019 (in million):                      RMB133            RMB146         RMB1,039


      20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
            Details of interests in associates of the Group and the Company is as follow:

                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                     RMB’M           RMB’M


              Cost of investments in associates                                       14,552         14,168
              Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
                income, net of dividends received                                      7,144          6,376
              Impairment loss                                                           (127)            (83)


                                                                                      21,569         20,461




230   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        31 December 2020




20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
   Particulars of the material associates of the Group are as follows:

                         Place of
                         incorporation/    Paid-up capital   Percentage of equity
                         registration of    or registered     attributable to the     Principal          Type of legal
    Name                 business                  capital         Company            activities         activity
                                                       ’M         2020         2019


    Haier Group          Mainland China/        RMB7,000       42.00%       42.00%    Financing          Limited liability
      Finance Co., Ltd    Mainland China                                                                   company




   The following table illustrates summarised financial position of Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd
   information as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 and summarised financial performance information for
   the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and
   reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements.

   Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Haier Finance”)

                                                                                           2020                   2019
                                                                                         RMB’M                   RMB’M


    Current assets                                                                         62,750                 61,570
    Non-current assets, excluding goodwill                                                 12,907                  5,906
    Current liabilities                                                                   (59,895)               (52,897)
    Non-current liabilities                                                                  (223)                  (268)


    Net assets, excluding goodwill                                                         15,539                 14,311


    Reconciliation on to the Group’s interest in Haier Finance:

    Net assets of Haier Finance, excluding goodwill                                        15,539                 14,311


    Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                  42.00%                  42.00%


    The Group’s share of net assets of Haier Finance                                        6,526                   6,011




                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   231
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      20. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
            Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Haier Finance”) (continued)

                                                                                     2020               2019
                                                                                   RMB’M               RMB’M


              Revenue                                                                 2,226             2,541
              Profit for the year                                                     1,551             1,720
              Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                         (23)               20
              Total comprehensive income for the year                                 1,528             1,740


              Dividends declared                                                       126                126


              Share of results of Haier Finance                                        651                722


            The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s and the Company’s
            associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                     2020               2019
                                                                                   RMB’M               RMB’M


              Share of results of the associates for the year                           969               687
              Share of the associates’ other comprehensive (loss)/income               (315)              106


                                                                                     2020               2019
                                                                                   RMB’M               RMB’M


              Aggregate carrying amount of the
                Group’s investments in the associates                               15,043             14,450


            The Group’s trade receivable and payable balances with the associates are disclosed in Notes 26 and
            30 to Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively.




232   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




21. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FVTOCI
                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Listed equity investments, at fair value:
    — Qingdao East soft Communication Technology Co., Ltd                             13                    11
    — Other                                                                            6                    11

    Unlisted equity investments, at fair value:
    — SINOPEC Fuel Oil Sales Corporation Limited                                  1,118                  1,243
    — Haier COSMO IOT Ecosystem Technology
         Co., Ltd. (“Haier COSMO”)                                                1,397                      —
    — Other                                                                         125                    131


                                                                                  2,659                  1,396


   The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVTOCI as the Group considers these
   investments to be strategic in nature. Details of valuation techniques used to estimate the fair values of
   the above equity investments are set out in Note 48 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

   During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group received dividends in the amount of
   approximately RMB21 million (2019: RMB39 million) from the above investments.

22. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FVTPL
                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Current
    Current portion of wealth management products                                 1,862                    198
    Foreign currency forward contracts                                              105                     85
    Investment funds                                                                114                     —
    Investment in other equity instruments                                           84                     25


                                                                                  2,165                    308


    Non-current
    Non-current portion of wealth management products                                 —                    295


                                                                                  2,165                    603


   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, included in the Group’s wealth management products were
   products with floating returns which were measured at FVTPL. All wealth management products are
   principal protected.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   233
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      23. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                                     2020              2019
                                                                                   RMB’M              RMB’M


              Current
              Wealth management products                                               554             3,981


              Non-current
              Consignment loan                                                          —                 24
              Long-term receivables                                                    331               308


                                                                                       331               332


                                                                                       885             4,313


            As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, included in the Group’s wealth management products were
            products with fixed returns which were stated at amortised cost. All wealth management products are
            principal protected.




234   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2020




24. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                          RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Non-current assets
    Derivative financial instruments                                            47                    77


    Derivatives that are designated and effective as hedging
      instruments carried at fair value:

    Current assets
    Foreign currency forward contracts                                          52                    17
    Forward commodity contract                                                  26                     2


                                                                                78                    19


                                                                               125                    96


    Derivatives that are designated and effective as hedging
      instruments carried at fair value:

    Current liabilities
    Foreign currency forward contracts                                         189                    85
    Interest rate swaps                                                         50                    14


                                                                               239                    99


25. INVENTORIES
                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                          RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Raw material                                                            2,670                 2,953
    Work in progress                                                          337                   408
    Finished goods                                                         26,440                24,868


                                                                           29,447                28,229




                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   235
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      26. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


              Trade receivables                                                        16,371              11,461
              Less: Allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”)                         (442)               (445)


              Trade receivables, net                                                   15,929              11,016


              Bills receivables                                                        14,148              13,966
              Less: Allowance for ECL                                                     (11)                 (15)


              Bills receivables, net                                                   14,137              13,951


              Total                                                                    30,066              24,967


            The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where
            payment in advance is normally required. The credit period generally ranges from 30 to 90 days. Each
            customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding
            receivables to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In
            view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of
            diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any
            collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-
            interest-bearing.

            An ageing analysis of the trade receivables (net of ECL) as at the end of the reporting period, based
            on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


              1 to 3 months                                                            14,097               9,247
              3 months to 1 year                                                        1,450               1,276
              1 to 2 years                                                                211                 266
              2 to 3 years                                                                 63                  93
              Over 3 years                                                                108                 134


                                                                                       15,929              11,016




236   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2020




26. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
   The movements in the ECL allowance of trade and bills receivables are as follows:

                                                                               2020                  2019
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    As at 1 January                                                               460                   346
    Impairment losses, net (Note 6)                                               131                   131
    Amount written off as uncollectible                                           (91)                   (83)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                    —                    120
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                                      (21)                   (57)
    Exchange realignment                                                          (26)                     3


    As at 31 December                                                             453                   460


   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a
   provision matrix to measure ECL. The ECL rates are based on days past due for groupings of various
   customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type). The calculation reflects the
   probability-weighted outcome and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the
   reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.
   Generally, trade receivables are written off if past due for more than one year and are not subject to
   enforcement activity.




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   237
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      26. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using
            a provision matrix:

            As at 31 December 2020


                                                      Less than      1 to      2 to          Over
                                                         1 year   2 years   3 years       3 years          Total


              Average loss rate                           2.0%      8.3%     31.5%          41.0%          2.7%
              Gross carrying amount
                (RMB’M)                                  15,866      230         92            183        16,371
              ECL (RMB’M)                                   319       19         29             75           442


            As at 31 December 2019


                                                      Less than      1 to       2 to          Over
                                                         1 year   2 years    3 years       3 years          Total


              Average loss rate                           3.9%      3.0%       5.3%          4.1%           3.9%
              Gross carrying amount
                (RMB’M)                                  10,949      274         99            139        11,461
              ECL (RMB’M)                                   426        8          5              6           445


            Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates approximately
            RMB1,092 million (2019: RMB859 million) and amounts due from associates approximately RMB471
            million (2019: RMB507 million) as at 31 December 2020. All of these amounts are repayable on credit
            terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the Group. Further details of the sales to
            these related parties are set out in Note 14 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

            As at 31 December 2020, certain of the Group’s bills receivable of approximately RMB12,562 million
            (2019: RMB12,706 million) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bills payable (Note 30).

            As at 31 December 2020, certain of the Group’s trade receivables of approximately RMB1,834 million
            (2019: RMB396 million) were pledged.




238   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2020




27. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                    2020                    2019
                                                                                                  RMB’M                    RMB’M


         Current
         Dividend receivables (Note a)                                                                   5                       5
         Interest receivables (Note a)                                                                 322                     273
         Taxes recoverable (Note a)                                                                  2,438                   2,578
         Prepayments (Note a)                                                                          765                   1,273
         Deposits (Note a)                                                                             118                       3
         Other receivables (Note a)                                                                  1,487                   2,228
         Right-of-return assets (Note a)                                                               418                     374


                                                                                                     5,553                   6,734
         Less: Allowance for ECL                                                                      (341)                   (293)


                                                                                                     5,212                   6,441
         Non-current
         Long-term prepayments (Note b)                                                              1,404                   1,423


                                                                                                     6,616                   7,864

   Notes:


   (a)      Included in the Group’s prepayments, deposits and other receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates of approximately
            RMB563 million (2019: RMB754 million) and amounts due from associates of approximately RMB110 million (2019: RMB71
            million) as at 31 December 2020. The balance at 31 December 2020 also included amounts due from controlling
            shareholders (and their affiliates) of approximately RMB Nil (2019: RMB215 million). All of these amounts are unsecured,
            interest-free and repayable on demand.


            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables mainly represent prepayments and the deposits with suppliers and other
            parties. The ECL are estimated by applying a loss rate approach with reference to the historical loss record of the Group
            and is adjusted to reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. The average
            loss rate applied as at the 31 December 2020 were 6.14% (2019: 4.35%). The credit quality of the financial assets included
            in prepayments, deposits and other receivables is considered to be normal because they are not past due and there is no
            information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk.


   (b)      Included in the Group’s long-term prepayments are advances made to Haier Affiliates relating to the Group’s property, plant
            and equipment with an aggregate amount of approximately RMB81 million (2019: RMB185 million) as at 31 December 2020.
            The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020       239
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      27. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
            The movements in the ECL of prepayments and other receivables are as follows:

                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                    RMB’M              RMB’M


              As at 1 January                                                            293               243
              Impairment losses (Note 6)                                                 267               233
              Reversal of impairment                                                      (2)               —
              Amount written off as uncollectible                                       (213)              (179)
              Disposal of subsidiaries                                                    (3)                 (4)
              Exchange realignment                                                        (1)                —


              As at 31 December                                                         341                293


      28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
            Bank balances carry interest at market rates which range from 0.30% to 0.40% per annum (2019:
            0.30% to 0.40% per annum) for the year ended 31 December 2020. The pledged deposits carry
            interest rate which range from 0.39% to 3.90% per annum (2019: 0.39% to 3.20% per annum) for the
            year ended 31 December 2020. The pledged bank deposits will be released upon the settlement of
            relevant bills payables (Note 30).

            Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged to banks to secure banking facilities granted to the
            Group. Deposits amounting to approximately RMB720 million (2019: RMB1,204 million) have been
            pledged to secure bills payables (Note 30) as at 31 December 2020 and are therefore classified as
            current assets.

                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                    RMB’M              RMB’M


              Cash and bank balances                                                 23,577             20,106
              Time deposits                                                          22,884             16,073


                                                                                     46,461             36,179

              Less: Cash and bank balances and time deposits pledged for:
                    Bills payable (Note 30)                                             (720)            (1,204)
                    Bank guarantees                                                     (102)                 (7)


                      Pledged deposits                                                  (822)            (1,211)
                      Other deposit with limited use:                                     (4)                 (5)


              Cash and cash equivalents                                              45,635             34,963




240   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   31 December 2020




28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
   (continued)
   As at 31 December 2020, the cash and bank balances and time deposits of the Group, denominated
   in RMB, amounted to approximately RMB34,508 million (2019: RMB26,505 million). The RMB is not
   freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control
   Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the
   Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign
   exchange business.

   Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits are
   made for varying periods depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn
   interest at the deposit rates of the respective periods. The bank balances and pledged deposits are
   deposited with creditworthy banks or financial institutions with no recent history of default.

   Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are deposits of approximately RMB24,958 million
   (2019: RMB16,566 million) placed with Haier Finance, as at 31 December 2020 respectively, which is a
   fellow subsidiary of the Group and is a financial institution approved by the People’s Bank of China.
   The interest rate on these deposits ranges from 0.39% to 3.90% per annum (2019: 0.39% to 3.20%
   per annum) for the year ended 31 December 2020. Further details of the interest income attributable to
   the deposits placed with Haier Finance are set out in Note 14 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

29. ASSET AND DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE AND ASSOCIATED
    LIABILITIES
                                                                                                     2020                     2019
                                                                                                  RMB’M                     RMB’M
                                                                                                (Note (b))                (Note (a))


         Assets                                                                                          17                       21

   Notes:

   (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2019, Qingdao Haier Information Plastic & Rubber Manufacture Co., Ltd. and Qingdao
            Household Appliance Technological Equipment Institute signed a demolition compensation agreement, with the fair value of
            approximately RMB5 million and RMB16 million respectively, with the local government with regards to certain land use
            rights with the local government. The land use right has been classified as a disposal group held for sale and are presented
            separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.


   (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the assets held for sale are mainly included Qingdao Hairer Information Plastic &
            Rubber Manufacture Co., Ltd. and Qingdao Household Appliance Technological Equipment Institute signed a demolition
            compensation agreement, with the fair value of approximately RMB13 million in total, with the local government with regards
            to certain land use rights with the local government. The land use right has been classified as disposal group held for sale
            and are presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020        241
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      30. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M


              Trade payables                                                          36,303             33,751
              Bills payables                                                          21,236             19,308


                                                                                      57,539             53,059


            An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
            date, is as follows:

                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M


              Within 1 year                                                           57,065             52,492
              1 to 2 years                                                                96                169
              2 to 3 years                                                                96                156
              Over 3 years                                                               282                242


                                                                                      57,539             53,059


            The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on credit terms ranging
            from 30 to 180 days.

            Included in the Group’s trade and bills payables are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of approximately
            RMB4,076 million and RMB5,248 million and amounts due from an associate of approximately
            RMB268 million and RMB316 million as at 31 December 2019 and 2020 respectively. Further details of
            the purchases from these related parties are set out in Note 14 to Consolidated Financial Statements.

            As at 31 December 2020, certain of the Group’s bills payable are secured by the pledge of the
            Group’s bank deposits amounting to approximately RMB720 million (2019: approximately RMB1,204
            million) (Note 28) and the Group’s bills receivable amounting to approximately RMB12,562 million
            (2019: approximately RMB12,706 million) (Note 26).




242   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




31. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Other payables and accruals                                                  20,384                17,491
    Refund liabilities:
      Volume rebate                                                               1,548                  1,695
      Sales return                                                                  505                    459
    Deferred income (Note 35(a))                                                     82                     81


                                                                                 22,519                19,726


   Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

   Included in the Group’s other payables and accruals are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of
   approximately RMB1,581 million (2019: RMB1,482 million) and amounts due to associates of
   approximately RMB4 million (2019: RMB17 million) as at 31 December 2020. All of these amounts are
   unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

32. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES
   (a)   Contract assets

                                                                                  2020                  2019
                                                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M


          Current:
          Retention for rendering service                                            263                   427
          Impairment of contract assets                                               —                      (4)


                                                                                     263                   423


         The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and
         not billed because the rights are conditioned on the Group’s future performance. The contract
         assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

         The Group also typically agrees to a retention for 5% of the contract value. This amount is
         included in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the Group’s entitlement to this
         final payment is conditional at the end of warranty period.

         The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to realise them
         in its normal operating cycle.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   243
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      32. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES (continued)
            (b)    Contract liabilities
                   The Group’s engineering services contracts include payment schedules which require stage
                   payments over the engineering period once certain specified milestones are reached. The Group
                   requires certain customers to provide upfront deposits range from 10% to 20% of total contract
                   sum as part of its credit risk management policies. The Group typically require 10% of total
                   contract sum for credit risk management.

                   The Group’s contract liabilities are analysed as follows:

                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                       RMB’M              RMB’M


                     Receipt in advance/contract liabilities
                     Sale of goods                                                       7,044              5,582
                     Rendering of services                                                   5                  1


                     As at 31 December                                                   7,049              5,583


                   Contract liabilities mainly include short-term advances received from customers for sales of
                   products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other value-added customer
                   services.

                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                       RMB’M              RMB’M


                     Contract liabilities
                     As at 1 January                                                     5,583              5,533
                     Consideration received from customers over the
                       amounts of revenue recognised                                     7,117              5,506
                     Less:
                       Revenue recognised that was included in the
                         contract during the year                                       (5,651)            (5,456)


                     As at 31 December                                                   7,049              5,583


                   There were contract liabilities of approximately RMB4,013 million (2019: RMB5,456 million brought
                   forward from the prior year and recognised during the year ended 31 December 2020 as
                   revenue from continuing operations from sales of goods and rendering of services.




244   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2020




33. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
   The analysis of the carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                2020                  2019
                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Current
    Bank loans — unsecured                                                     12,171                  5,286
    Bank loans — secured                                                          472                  8,029


                                                                               12,643                13,315


    Non-current
    Bank loans — unsecured                                                     11,858                  8,878
    Bank loans — secured                                                           —                   4,492


                                                                               11,858                13,370


                                                                               24,501                26,685


    Unsecured                                                                  24,029                14,164
    Secured                                                                       472                12,521


                                                                               24,501                26,685


    Analysed into:
    Loans repayable:
      Within one year or on demand                                             12,643                13,315
      In the second year                                                        6,814                 6,599
      In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                    5,044                 6,723
      Beyond five years                                                            —                     48


                                                                               24,501                26,685


    Effective interest rate
      Current:
         Bank loans — unsecured                                               0.50%                  0.45%
                                                                          to 12.50%              to 11.95%
         Bank loans — secured                                                 0.13%                  0.17%
                                                                           to 5.85%               to 4.62%
       Non-current:
         Bank loans — unsecured                                                0.85%               0.80%
                                                                            to 7.50%            to 3.61%
         Bank loans — secured                                                     N/A     0.52% to 3.60%




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   245
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      33. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (continued)
            As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings were denominated in the
            following currencies:

                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                         RMB’M              RMB’M


                  United States dollar                                                    12,848             14,033
                  Renminbi                                                                   363              2,055
                  Other currencies                                                        11,290             10,597


                                                                                          24,501             26,685


            Included in the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings of approximately RMB454 million and RMB1,884
            million and were borrowed from Haier Finance as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 respectively, which
            is a fellow subsidiary of the Group and is a financial institution approved by the People’s Bank of
            China. The interest rate on these loans ranges from 1.6% to 3.5% and 2.70% to 4.62% per annum for
            the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 respectively. Further details of the interest expense
            attributable to the interest-bearing borrowings placed with Haier Finance are set out in Note 14.

            Certain of the Group’s loans are guaranteed by:

            (i)      Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, approximately RMB Nil as at 31
                     December 2020 (2019: RMB12,175 million); and

            Certain of the Group’s loans are secured by:

            (i)      mortgages over the Group’s land and buildings, which had an aggregate carrying amount as at
                     31 December 2020 of approximately RMB Nil (2019: approximately RMB55 million); and

            (ii)     pledge of the Group’s trade and bills receivables totalling approximately RMB552 million as at 31
                     December 2020 (2019: approximately RMB212 million).




246   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2020




34. PROVISIONS
                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                          RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Product warranties                                                      2,911                  3,058
    Legal claim                                                                32                     20
    Others                                                                    381                    313


                                                                             3,324                 3,391
    Portion classified as current liabilities                               (1,881)               (1,992)


    Non-current portion                                                     1,443                  1,399


   The movements in product warranties are as follows:

                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                          RMB’M                  RMB’M


    As at 1 January                                                         3,058                  2,827
    Additional provision (Note 6)                                           4,724                  5,078
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                —                     172
    Amounts utilised during the year                                        (4,828)               (5,035)
    Exchange realignment                                                       (43)                   16


    As at 31 December                                                       2,911                  3,058




                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   247
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      34. PROVISIONS (CONTINUED)
            The Group provides installation services and warranties of three to eight years to its customers for
            laundry appliances and water appliances under which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The
            amount of the provision for the warranties is estimated based on retail volume and past experience of
            the level of installation services rendered, repairs and returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an
            ongoing basis and revised where appropriate.

            The movements in legal claim are as follows:

                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


              As at 1 January                                                               20                 20
              Additional provision                                                          11                   2
              Amounts utilised during the year                                              —                   (1)
              Exchange realignment                                                           1                  (1)


              As at 31 December                                                             32                 20


      35. DEFERRED INCOME/PUT OPTION LIABILITIES
            (a)    Deferred Income
                   The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


                     As at 1 January                                                       709                645
                     Compensation received during the year                                 296                203
                     Credit to profit or loss                                             (372)              (109)
                     Exchange realignment                                                   —                  (30)


                     As at 31 December                                                    633                 709
                     Less: Current portion included in other payables
                             and accruals (Note 31)                                        (82)               (81)


                     Non-current portion                                                  551                 628


                   Government grants mainly include subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group which
                   operates in the Mainland China in accordance with the subsidy policies of local government
                   authorities. Subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group is recognised in the
                   consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income when received and no
                   specific conditions are required. Those government grants recognised are recognised as other
                   income, the government grants recognised during the year are non-recurring. There are no
                   unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these government grants.



248   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




35. DEFERRED INCOME/PUT OPTION LIABILITIES (continued)
   (b)   Put option liabilities
         The put option liabilities as at arose from the put options granted to non-controlling shareholders
         of the Group’s subsidiaries namely, GoT and Gooday Supplier Chain Technologies Co., Ltd.
         (former known as Qingdao Gooday Logistics Co., Ltd.) (“Gooday Logistics”) to sell their
         respective interests in those entities to the Group at prices to be determined based on agreed
         formulae.

         Subsequent to the completion of the Asset Swap on 26 July 2019, Gooday logistics and Peiji
         logistics have become associates to the Group. Other than the put option liability attributable to
         Gooday Logistics which was categorised in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, all the put option
         liabilities were categorised in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

         The key input for the put option granted to the non-controlling interest shareholders of Gooday
         Logistics is the corporate bond rate of Gooday Logistics; which unable observed in the market;
         as a result, the Company determined the fair vale measurement is a third-level fair value
         measurement.

         The put option liabilities as at 31 December 2019 arose from the put option granted to a non-
         controlling shareholder of the Group’s subsidiary namely, GoT, to sell their respective interests in
         GoT to the Group at price to be determined based on agreed formulae. It is carried at fair value
         amounting to approximately RMB55 million and categorised in Level 3 of the fair value
         measurement.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   249
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      36. DEFERRED TAX
            The movements in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities during the years ended 31 December
            2020 and 2019 are as follows:

            Deferred tax assets

                                                                    Accruals and    Unrealised
                                                      Provisions        payables        profits   Others    Total
                                                         RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M    RMB’M


              As at 1 January 2019                          300            1,396           464       689    2,849
              Deferred tax credited to the
                statement of profit or loss
                during the year, net                         30              42            184       150      406
              Acquisition of subsidiaries
                (Note 40)                                     —             261             —         —       261
              Disposal of subsidiaries
                (Note 41)                                     —              (59)           —         —       (59)
              Exchange realignment                            —               —             —          9        9


              As at 31 December 2019 and
                1 January 2020                              330            1,640           648       848    3,466
              Deferred tax credited to the
                statement of profit or loss
                during the year, net                         50             116             21       308      495
              Disposal of subsidiaries
                (Note 41)                                     (6)             (9)           —         —       (15)
              Exchange realignment                            —               —             —         13       13


              As at 31 December 2020                        374            1,747           669     1,169    3,959




250   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2020




36. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
   Deferred tax liabilities

                                                             Differences of
                                                              depreciation
                                                 Withholding           and
                                                       taxes  amortisation            Others               Total
                                                     RMB’M          RMB’M             RMB’M               RMB’M


    As at 1 January 2019                                 78           1,119                 208             1,405
    Deferred tax charged to the statement of
      profit or loss during the year, net                 —             263                 730               993
    Deferred tax credited to the statement of
      other comprehensive income
      during the year                                     —              —                   (6)                (6)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 40)                 —             653                  —                653
    Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 41)                    —               (4)                —                  (4)


    As at 31 December 2019 and
      1 January 2020                                     78           2,031                 932             3,041
    Deferred tax charged to the statement of
      profit or loss during the year, net                16             336                 259               611
    Deferred tax charged to the statement of
      other comprehensive income
      during the year                                     —              —                   15                 15
    Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 41)                    —               (1)               (15)               (16)


    As at 31 December 2020                               94           2,366             1,191               3,651


   For presentation purpose, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement
   of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balance of the Group for financial
   reporting purpose:

                                                                                  2020                    2019
                                                                                RMB’M                    RMB’M


    Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                             2,208                    1,579
    Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                             (1,900)                  (1,154)


    Net deferred tax assets                                                          308                     425


   Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of certain tax losses as they have arisen in
   the certain subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable
   that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020    251
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      36. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
            Deferred tax liabilities (continued)
            As at 31 December 2020, the Group has recognised deferred tax liabilities of approximately RMB94
            million (2019: RMB78 million) in relation to withholding taxes for the earnings of the Mainland China
            subsidiaries to be remitted in the foreseeable future.

      37. SHARE CAPITAL
            The movements of the Company’s issued share capital during the years ended 31 December 2020
            and 2019 are as follows:

                                                                                                      Number of                     Share
                                                                                                         shares                    capital
                                                                                                             ‘M                    RMB’M


                  As at 1 January 2019                                                                        6,369                   6,369
                  Converted convertible bonds to shares (Note a)                                                211                     211


                  As at 31 December 2019 and 1 January 2020                                                   6,580                   6,580
                  Issue of shares (Note b)                                                                    2,448                   2,448


                  As at 31 December 2020                                                                      9,028                   9,028

            Notes:


            (a)      Upon conversion of convertible corporate bonds in December 2019, a total of 211,149,927 A Shares were converted. For
                     conversion details, please refer to Note 45 to Consolidated Financial Statements.


            (b)      The Company has applied to and approved by the Stock Exchange for the listing of, and permission to deal in, 2,448,279,814
                     H Shares on the Stock Exchange on 22 December 2020.


            (c)      Up to 16 November 2020, the privatisation of HEG and the listing of the Company by way of Introduction have been completed.
                     Upon the privatisation scheme become effective, Haier Electronics has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


            (d)      All shares issued are at par value at RMB1.




252   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2020




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS
   The Group operates share award schemes, which aims at providing incentives to employees and
   optimising the remuneration structure of the Group. According to the share award schemes, the Group
   may purchase the scheme shares in the open market and hold the purchased shares in the share
   award schemes trust for the relevant selected employees until such shares vest or are issued and new
   scheme shares are allotted to the trustee. The board of the Company has the discretion to decide
   whether the awarded shares are to be purchased or subscribed.

   (a)   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Share Award Scheme
         The Company operates share award schemes (“HSH SAS”) as approved by the Board on
         28 April 2016 (the “No. 1 HSH SAS”), 27 February 2017 (the “No. 2 HSH SAS”), 24 April 2018
         (the “No. 3 HSH SAS”) and 29 April 2019 (the “No. 4 HSH SAS”, together with the No. 1 HSH
         SAS, No. 2 HSH SAS and No. 3 HSH SAS, the “Share Award Schemes”), respectively. The
         awards granted or to be granted under the Share Award Schemes (the “Share Awards”) form
         part of the remuneration packages for the employees of our Company. The terms of the Share
         Award Schemes are similar to each other, and the Share Award Schemes have been operating
         in accordance with their terms.

         The Share Award Schemes are funded by the internal incentive funds established by the
         Company. The shares under the Share Award Schemes shall be purchased from secondary
         markets. The Share Award Schemes are also entitled to subscribe the Shares to be issued
         under non-public issuance or placings of the Company from time to time on a fair basis.

         The duration of each Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 60 months for the No. 1 HSH SAS
         and No. 2 HSH SAS and 36 months for the No. 3 HSH SAS Scheme and No. 4 HSH SAS (the
         “Duration”), commencing from the time when the Company announces the registration of the
         underlying Shares to the Share Award Schemes. Upon expiry of the Duration, the Share Award
         Schemes shall be terminated, subject to any extension as may be approved by the Board.




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   253
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a)    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Share Award Scheme (continued)
                   The Share Awards granted under the Share Award Schemes shall be generally subject to a
                   two-year period (the “Vesting Period”) to assess the fulfilment of the vesting conditions (the
                   “Vesting Conditions”). The Vesting Conditions were specifically designed by the Board for each
                   tranche of the Share Awards granted to a particular selected participant. All Vesting Conditions
                   contain in general objective criteria. Within the respective Durations, the Share Award
                   management committee are entitled to prolong or shorten the assessment period and adjust the
                   proportions of Share Awards to vest with certain selected participants under the Share Award
                   Schemes. For each of the Share Award Schemes, upon expiry of the respective lock-up periods,
                   the Share Awards shall vest with the selected participants in two tranches, while the specific time
                   and proportion of shares to be vested shall be determined by the Share Award Management
                   Committee based on review of the performance of each selected participants. In particular, if the
                   Share Award management committee has decided that the performance of a selected
                   participants in the respective tranche(s) of assessment period had fully fulfilled his or her
                   assessment standards, then (i) 40% of the Share Awards originally granted to such selected
                   participant shall be vested at the end of the first year of the two-year assessment period
                   (Tranche One); and/or (ii) 60% of the Share Awards originally granted to such selected participant
                   shall be vested at the end of the second year of the two-year assessment period (Tranche Two).




254   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2020




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (a)   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Share Award Scheme (continued)
         The following table discloses movements of the Scheme during 31 December 2020:


                                                       Outstanding at           Allotted     Outstanding at
          Option type                                        1/1/2020       during year          31/12/2020


          No. 1 HSH SAS                                     1,783,038                  —          1,783,038
          No. 2 HSH SAS                                     1,854,568                  —          1,854,568
          No. 3 HSH SAS                                    10,194,631         (4,640,815)         5,553,816
          No. 4 HSH SAS                                    16,656,778         (5,386,118)        11,270,660


                                                           30,489,015       (10,026,933)         20,462,082


         The following table discloses movements of the Scheme during 31 December 2019:


                                      Outstanding at          Granted            Allotted     Outstanding at
          Option type                      1/1/2019        during year       during year         31/12/2019


          No. 1 HSH SAS                   1,960,850                —             (177,812)        1,783,038
          No. 2 HSH SAS                  14,103,181                —         (12,248,613)         1,854,568
          No. 3 HSH SAS                  16,063,800                —           (5,869,169)       10,194,631
          No. 4 HSH SAS                          —         16,656,778                  —         16,656,778


                                         32,127,831        16,656,778        (18,295,594)        30,489,015




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   255
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a)    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Share Award Scheme (continued)
                   The exercise prices and exercise periods/vesting periods of the awarded shares outstanding as
                   at 31 December 2020 and 2019 are as follows:


                                            2020                                      2019
                     Number of          Exercise                   Number of       Exercise
                      awarded              price Exercise           awarded            price Exercise
                        shares         per share period#              shares      per share period#
                                            RMB                                       RMB


                       1,783,038                — 30/11/2016—       1,783,038            — 30/11/2016—
                                                    29/11/2017                               29/11/2017

                       1,854,568                — 29/03/2017—       1,854,568            — 29/03/2017—
                                                    28/03/2018                               28/03/2018

                       5,553,816                — 23/05/2018—      10,194,631            — 23/05/2018—
                                                    22/05/2019                               22/05/2019

                      11,270,660                — 17/07/2019—      16,656,778            — 17/07/2019—
                                                    16/07/2020                               16/07/2020


                   The weighted average share price at the dates of exercise for awarded shares exercised during
                   the year was RMB16.23 (2019: RMB16.72) per share.

                   In respect of the awarded shares granted in the prior years, a Share Award Schemes expense of
                   approximately RMB101 million (2019: approximately RMB270 million) was recognised during the
                   year ended 31 December 2020.




256   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (b)   Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd (“HEG”) Restricted Share Award Scheme
         As at the end of the reporting period, the number of ordinary shares held for the restricted share
         award scheme was Nil (2019: 5,353,091) with an aggregate carrying amount of RMB Nil (2019:
         RMB63,150,000).


                                                            2020                            2019
                                                   Weighted                        Weighted
                                                    average                         average
                                                    exercise Number of              exercise    Number of
                                                   price per     awarded           price per     awarded
                                                       share      shares               share       shares
                                                        HK$                             HK$


          At 1 January                                   0.05   19,803,282              0.05      20,006,540
          Granted during the year                          —            —                 —       11,509,100
          Forfeited/lapsed during the year                 —     (4,553,733)              —        (2,583,460)
          Exercised during the year                        —    (15,249,549)              —        (9,128,898)


          At 31 December                                 0.05             —             0.05      19,803,282


         The weighted average share price at the dates of exercise for awarded shares exercised during
         the year was HK$32.90 (2019: HK$19.02) per share.

         As at 31 December 2020, upon the completion of the privatisation proposal, HEG delisted from
         the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, the corresponding HEG Shares have been vested with
         the grantees and no further HEG Share Awards granted.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   257
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (b)    Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd (“HEG”) Restricted Share Award Scheme
                   (continued)
                   The exercise prices and exercise periods/vesting periods of the awarded shares outstanding as
                   at 31 December 2019 are as follows:


                                                                        2019
                              Number of                        Exercise price
                          awarded shares                          per share*               Exercise period#
                                                                         HK$


                                    148,400                                 6.42           08/07/2016—07/07/2020
                                    138,920                                   —            08/07/2016—01/07/2020**
                                  1,441,400                                   —            03/03/2017—01/07/2020**
                                         —                                    —            29/05/2017— 01/07/2019
                                   627,078                                    —            05/07/2018—01/07/2020
                                   135,800                                    —            12/07/2018—01/07/2020
                                 5,802,584                                    —            17/09/2018—01/07/2020
                                10,450,000                                    —            09/10/2019—01/07/2021
                                 1,059,100                                    —            24/12/2019—01/07/2021


                                19,803,282

                   *      The exercise price of the awarded shares is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or other similar
                          changes in the HEG’s share capital.

                   #
                          The restricted shares will become exercisable once they are vested.


                   **     The vesting period has been extended to 1 July 2020.




258   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (b)   Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd (“HEG”) Restricted Share Award Scheme
         (continued)
         The fair values of the awarded shares granted during the year ended 31 December 2019 were
         approximately RMB193 million and RMB23 million (RMB18.46 and RMB21.87 each), of which the
         Group recognised a restricted share award scheme expense of approximately RMB35 million
         during the year ended 31 December 2019.

         In respect of the awarded shares granted in the prior years, a restricted share award scheme
         expense of RMB168 million (2019: RMB86 million) was recognised during the year ended
         31 December 2020.

   (c)   HEG Share Option Scheme
         The HEG operates a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to
         the eligible participants who contribute to the success of the operations. Eligible participants of
         the share option scheme include any employee, executive or officer (including executive,
         non-executive and independent non-executive directors of the HEG) and any suppliers,
         consultants, agents, advisers, shareholders, customers, partners or business associates who, in
         the opinion of the board of directors of the HEG, have contributed to the Group. The HEG
         current share option scheme became effective on 8 June 2011 and, unless otherwise cancelled
         or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date. As at the date of this report, the
         share option scheme had a remaining life of around one year.

         The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under the share
         option scheme is such number of shares, when aggregated with shares subject to any other
         share option scheme(s) of the HEG, must not exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the
         HEG as at the date of adoption of the share option scheme. The maximum number of shares
         issuable upon exercise of the options granted under the share option scheme and any other
         share option scheme(s) of the HEG (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) to
         each eligible participant in any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the HEG in
         issue as at the date of grant. Any further grant of share options in excess of this 1% limit shall
         be subject to the issue of a circular by the HEG (and if required, the holding company) and the
         shareholders’ approval of the HEG (and if required, the approval of the shareholders of the
         holding company) in a general meeting.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   259
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (c)    HEG Share Option Scheme (continued)
                   Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the HEG, or to
                   any of their respective associates, are subject to the approval in advance by the independent
                   non-executive directors of the HEG (and if required, the independent non-executive directors of
                   the holding company), excluding the independent non-executive director(s) of the HEG and the
                   holding company who is/are the grantee(s) of the options. In addition, any share option granted
                   to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the HEG, or to any of
                   their respective associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the HEG in issue as at the date
                   of grant and with an aggregate value (based on the closing price of the shares of the HEG as at
                   the date of grant) in excess of HK$5,000,000, within any 12-month period, is subject to the issue
                   of a circular by the HEG (and if required, the holding company) and the shareholders’approval of
                   the HEG (and if required, the approval of the shareholders of the holding company) in advance in
                   a general meeting.

                   The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted within 28 days from the date of the offer,
                   upon payment of a nominal consideration of RMB1 or HK$1 in total by the grantee. The exercise
                   period of the share options granted is determinable by the board of directors, and commences
                   on a specified date and ends on a date which is not later than 10 years from the date of grant
                   of the share options or the expiry date of the share option scheme, whichever is earlier.

                   The exercise price of the share options is determinable by the board of directors, but may not be
                   less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares of the HEG as stated in the daily
                   quotation sheet of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date of grant, which must be a
                   trading day; (ii) the average of the closing prices of the shares of the HEG as stated in the Hong
                   Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five trading days immediately preceding the
                   date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the shares of the HEG.

                   Share options do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’
                   meetings.




260   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   31 December 2020




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (c)   HEG Share Option Scheme (continued)
         The following share options were outstanding under the share option scheme during the year:


                                                                        2020                                   2019
                                                               Weighted                               Weighted
                                                                average                                average
                                                                exercise Number of                     exercise    Number of
                                                               price per     awarded                  price per     awarded
                                                                   share      shares                      share       shares
                                                                    HK$                                    HK$


             At 1 January                                            12.84        1,871,400                12.84        2,454,855
             Exercised during the year                               12.84       (1,548,200)               12.84         (583,455)
             Forfeited/lapsed during the year                        12.84         (323,200)                  —                —


             At 31 December                                          12.84                  —              12.84        1,871,400

         The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the
         year was HK$19.97 (2019: HK$21.99) per share.

         During the year ended 31 December 2020, no share options outstanding as at the end of the
         reporting period.

         The exercise price and exercise period of the share options outstanding as at 31 December
         2019 are as follows:


                                                              2019
                     Number of                       Exercise price
                 awarded shares                         per share*                 Exercise period
                                                              RMB


                        1,871,400                               12.84              10/5/2016—10/5/2020

         *      The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or other similar
                changes in the HEG’s share capital.


         The 583,455 share options exercised during the year 31 December 2019 resulted in the issue of
         583,455 ordinary shares of the HEG and new share capital of HK$7,492,000 (equivalent to
         RMB6,597,000) (before issue expense).

         At the end 31 December 2019, the HEG had 1,871,400 share options outstanding under the
         share option scheme. The exercise in full of the outstanding share options would, under the
         present capital structure of the HEG, result in the issue of 1,871,400 additional ordinary shares of
         the HEG and additional share capital of HK$187,000 (equivalent to RMB167,000) and share
         premium of HK$23,842,000 (equivalent to RMB21,315,000) (before issue expenses).




                                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020         261
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      39. RESERVES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
            (a)    Reserves
                   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the years ended 31
                   December 2020 and 2019 are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of
                   the consolidated financial statements.

                   (i)     According to the relevant rules and regulations in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”),
                           subsidiaries of the Company established in the PRC are required to transfer 10% of their
                           net profit, as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and
                           regulations, to the reserve fund until the balance of the reserve reaches 50% of their
                           respective registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before distribution
                           of dividends to owners of these subsidiaries. Reserve fund can be used to set off previous
                           years’ losses, if any, and may be converted into capital in proportion to existing equity
                           owners’ equity percentage, provided that the balance after such issuance is not less than
                           25% of their registered capital.

                   (ii)    Convertible and exchangeable bonds reserves component reserve represents the value of
                           the unexercised equity component of convertible and exchangeable bonds issued by the
                           Company recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for convertible and
                           exchangeable bonds. If the convertible and exchangeable bonds are not converted at the
                           maturity date, the Convertible and exchangeable bonds reserves will not be reclassified
                           subsequently to profit or loss.

                   (iii)   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve comprises all foreign
                           exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of operations.

                   (iv)    The cash flow hedge reserve represents the cumulative amount of gains and losses on
                           hedging instruments deemed effective in cash flow hedges. The cumulative deferred gain or
                           loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in profit or loss only when the hedged
                           transaction impacts the profit or loss, or is included directly in the initial cost or other
                           carrying amount of the hedged non-financial items (basis adjustment).

                   (v)     Fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investments
                           designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) under HKFRS 9
                           that are held at the end of the reporting period.




262   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2020




39. RESERVES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)
   (b)   Non-controlling interests
         Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
         The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material
         non-controlling interests:


                                                             Proportion of
                                                                ownership                Profit
                                                         Interests held by       allocated to         Accumulated
                                                           non-controlling     non-controlling      non-controlling
          Name of Subsidiary                                      interests          interests            interests
                                                                                       RMB’M               RMB’M


          As at 31 December 2019
          Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd                        54.13%                4,079               16,109
          Individually immaterial subsidiaries
             with non-controlling interest                                                  50                 994


                                                                                        4,129               17,103


         Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd is listed on the stock exchange of Hong Kong. Although the
         Group has only 45.87% ownership in Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd as at 31 December 2019,
         the directors concluded that the Group has a sufficiently dominant voting interest to direct the
         relevant activities of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd on the basis of the Group’s absolute size
         of shareholding and the relative size of and dispersion of the shareholdings owned by other
         shareholders. The remaining 54.13% ownership interests in Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd as
         at 31 December 2019 are owned by thousands of shareholders that are unrelated to the Group,
         none individually holding more than 1%.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   263
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      39. RESERVES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)
            (b)    Non-controlling interests (continued)
                   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
                   (continued)
                   Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has material
                   non-controlling interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents
                   amounts before intragroup eliminations.

                   Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd (“HEG”)

                                                                                                           2019
                                                                                                          RMB’M


                     Current assets                                                                        35,533


                     Non-current assets                                                                    14,525


                     Current liabilities                                                                  (19,012)


                     Non-current liabilities                                                               (1,407)


                     Equity attributable to owners of HEG                                                  29,221


                     Non-controlling interests                                                                418


                                                                                                           2019
                                                                                                          RMB’M


                     Revenue                                                                               75,880
                     Expenses                                                                             (68,362)



                     Profit for the year                                                                    7,518


                     Profit attributable to:
                       owners of HEG                                                                        7,351
                       non-controlling interest                                                               167


                     Profit for the year                                                                    7,518




264   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2020




39. RESERVES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)
   (b)   Non-controlling interests (continued)
         Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
         (continued)
         Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd (“HEG”) (continued)

                                                                                                    2019
                                                                                                   RMB’M


          Other comprehensive income for the year                                                       91


          Total comprehensive income attributable to:
            owners of HEG                                                                            7,394
            non-controlling interest                                                                   215


          Total comprehensive income for the year                                                    7,609


          Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of HEG                                         4,705


          Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                  4,705


          Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                (3,325)


          Net cash outflow from financing activities                                                (1,602)


          Net cash outflow in cash and cash equivalents                                               (222)


   (c)   Acquisition of non-controlling interest
         During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company issue H shares to scheme shareholders
         pursuant to the scheme of arrangement in December 2020, and a corresponding decrease in
         non-controlling interest’s share of net assets in December 2020 after deduction of the related
         expenses.

   (d)   Cash payment paid to scheme shareholders under the privatisation proposal
         During the year ended 31 December 2020, upon the completion of the privatisation and the
         scheme becoming unconditional and effective, the payment of approximately HK$2,984 million
         (equivalent to approximately RMB2,513 million based on the exchange rate of HK$1.00 to
         RMB0.8421) is calculated based on the total number of schemes share of 1,530,174,884 at
         HK$1.95 per scheme share payable in cash to the scheme shareholders.




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   265
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      40. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
            (a)    Candy
                   On 4 January 2019, the Group made a capital contribution of approximately RMB3,666 million
                   (equivalent to approximately EUR467 million) to acquire a 100% equity interest in Candy held by
                   Beppe Fumagalli, Aldo Fumagalli and Albe Finanziaria S.R.L in total. through the overseas wholly-
                   owned subsidiary HAIER Europe Appliance Holding B.V. (hereinafter referred to as “Haier
                   Europe”). Since the completion of the transaction, Haier Europe directly holds 100% of Candy.
                   The Company indirectly holds 100% of Candy. The acquisition was made as part of the Group’s
                   strategy to further develop its home appliance brand.

                   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Candy as at the date of acquisition were
                   as follows:

                                                                                                               RMB’M


                     Property, plant and equipment                                                               1,483
                     Other intangible assets                                                                     1,790
                     Interests in associates                                                                         37
                     Deferred tax assets                                                                           261
                     Other non-current assets                                                                        82
                     Inventories                                                                                 1,958
                     Trade and other receivables                                                                 1,317
                     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                   627
                     Cash and bank balances                                                                        976
                     Trade and bills payables                                                                   (3,036)
                     Other payables and accruals                                                                  (445)
                     Provision                                                                                    (258)
                     Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                (2,101)
                     Contract liabilities                                                                           (14)
                     Tax payable                                                                                  (145)
                     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     (653)
                     Other non-current liabilities                                                                (100)
                     Long-term payables                                                                           (127)


                     Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                 1,652
                     Non-controlling interests                                                                      (26)


                                                                                                                 1,626
                     Goodwill on acquisition                                                                     2,040


                                                                                                                 3,666


                     Satisfied by:
                     Cash consideration                                                                          3,666




266   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




40. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
   (a)   Candy (continued)
         The fair values and gross contractual amounts of the trade and bills receivables and
         prepayments, deposits and other receivables as at the date of acquisition were approximately
         RMB1,317 million and RMB627 million (equivalent to approximately EUR167 million and EUR79
         million), respectively.

         The Group incurred transaction costs of approximately RMB8 million (equivalent to approximately
         EUR1 million) for this acquisition. These transaction costs have been expensed and are included
         in administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

         An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition is as follows:

                                                                                                       RMB’M


          Cash consideration                                                                            (3,666)
          Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                  976


          Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
            investing activities                                                                        (2,690)
          Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows used in
            operating activities                                                                             (8)


                                                                                                        (2,698)


         Since the acquisition, Candy contributed approximately RMB122 million (equivalent to
         approximately EUR16 million) to the consolidated loss for the year ended 31 December 2019.

   (b)   Shanghai Feisheng International Logistics Co., Ltd. (“Feisheng Logistics”)
         On 12 April 2019, the Group made a capital contribution of approximately RMB22 million and a
         loan of approximately RMB22 million to acquire a 51% equity interest in Feisheng Logistics,
         which is engaged in the logistics service business. The purchase consideration was a contingent
         consideration to be determined with reference to Feisheng Logistics’s annual operating results in
         the next three years, and the fair value of Feisheng Logistics on acquisition date was
         approximately RMB53 million, and the corresponding amount shared by the non-controlling
         shareholders was approximately RMB26 million The acquisition was made as part of the Group’s
         strategy to further develop its logistics business.

         The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interests in Feisheng Logistics at the non-
         controlling interest’s proportionate share of Feisheng Logistics identifiable net assets.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   267
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      40. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
            (b)    Shanghai Feisheng International Logistics Co., Ltd. (“Feisheng Logistics”)
                   (continued)
                   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Feisheng Logistics as at the date of
                   acquisition were as follows:

                                                                                                           RMB’M


                     Property, plant and equipment                                                                 2
                     Other intangible assets                                                                       2
                     Other current assets                                                                          3
                     Trade and bill receivables                                                                  60
                     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                 14
                     Cash and bank balances                                                                        5
                     Trade and bills payables                                                                   (15)
                     Other payables and accruals                                                                (38)
                     Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                (15)
                     Provisions                                                                                   (2)
                     Lease liabilities                                                                            (3)
                     Other current liabilities                                                                    (2)
                     Payroll obligations, provisions for pensions and similar obligations                         (2)


                     Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                  9
                     Non-controlling interests                                                                   (4)


                                                                                                                 5
                     Goodwill on acquisition                                                                    21


                                                                                                                26


                     Satisfied by:
                     Cash consideration                                                                         20
                     Other non-current liabilities                                                               6


                                                                                                                26


                   The fair values and gross contractual amounts of the trade and bills receivables and
                   prepayments, deposits and other receivables as at the date of acquisition were approximately
                   RMB60 million and RMB14 million, respectively.

                   The Group incurred transaction costs of approximately RMB130,000 for this acquisition. These
                   transaction costs have been expensed and are included in administrative expenses in the
                   consolidated statement of profit or loss.




268   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




40. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
   (b)   Shanghai Feisheng International Logistics Co., Ltd. (“Feisheng Logistics”)
         (continued)
         The initial amount of the contingent consideration recognised was approximately RMB6 million
         which was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation model and is within Level 3 fair value
         measurement. The final consideration amount is subject to final measurement as of 31 March
         2022. At the date of approval of this financial information, no further significant changes to the
         consideration are expected.

         Significant unobservable valuation inputs for the fair value measurement of the contingent
         consideration are as follows:

          Projected profit before tax of Feisheng Logistics                  RMB7 million to RMB14 million
          Net income volatility                                                                   15.87%
          Discount rate                                                                            2.37%

         An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition is as follows:

                                                                                                       RMB’M


          Cash consideration                                                                                (20)
          Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                     5


          Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
            investing activities                                                                            (15)
          Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows used in
            operating activities                                                                             —


                                                                                                            (15)


         Since the acquisition, Feisheng Logistics contributed approximately RMB2 million to the
         consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2019, which was included in the
         discontinued operation of the Group.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   269
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      40. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
            (c)    Lejia IOT
                   On 23 January 2020, the Group entered into acquisition agreements with unrelated third parties
                   to acquire 75.96% of the equity interest in Lejia IOT at a cash consideration of approximately
                   RMB562 million. The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interests in Lejia IOT at
                   the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of Lejia IOT’s identifiable net assets.

                   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Lejia IOT as at the date of acquisition
                   were as follows:

                                                                                                              RMB’M


                     Property, plant and equipment                                                                  51
                     Other intangible assets                                                                        46
                     Trade and bill receivables                                                                     15
                     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                      8
                     Cash and bank balances                                                                       224
                     Trade and bills payables                                                                      (79)
                     Other payables and accruals                                                                   (71)
                     Contract liabilities                                                                          (20)
                     Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                     (1)
                     Tax payable                                                                                     (1)
                     Deferred income                                                                                 (2)
                     Provision for pensions and similar obligation                                                   (4)


                     Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                  166
                     Non-controlling interests                                                                     (36)


                                                                                                                  130
                     Goodwill on acquisition                                                                      448


                                                                                                                  578


                     Satisfied by:
                     Cash consideration                                                                           562
                     Other non-current liabilities                                                                 16


                                                                                                                  578




270   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




40. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)
   (c)   Lejia IOT (continued)
         An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition is as follows:

                                                                                                       RMB’M


          Cash consideration                                                                              (562)
          Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                  224


          Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
            investing activities                                                                          (338)


         Since the acquisition, Lejia IOT contributed approximately RMB236 million to the Group’s revenue
         and approximately RMB40 million profit for the year ended 31 December 2020.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   271
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      41. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group disposed certain of subsidiaries. One of the
            disposals was related that the Group disposed 54.50% shares of Haier COSMO on 29 September
            2020. The net assets of Haier COSMO and remaining disposed subsidiaries (“Others”) at the date of
            disposal were as follows:

            Details of disposal of subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2020 are as follow:

                                                          Haier COSMO               Others               Total
                                                                RMB’M               RMB’M               RMB’M


              Net assets disposed of:
              Property, plant and equipment                          702                141                843
              Right-of-use assets                                     42                 —                  42
              Goodwill                                                —                   3                  3
              Other intangible assets                                 20                  4                 24
              Interest in associates                                 204                 —                 204
              Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                  9                 —                   9
              Financial assets measured at amortised
                 cost                                                926                 —                 926
              Deferred tax assets                                     12                  3                 15
              Other non-current assets                                81                 —                  81
              Inventories                                          1,542                 40              1,582
              Trade and bills receivables                          3,542                 19              3,561
              Prepayments, deposits and other
                 receivables                                        2,083                 5               2,088
              Cash and bank balances                                2,820                —                2,820
              Trade and bills payables                             (4,259)              (14)             (4,273)
              Other payables and accruals                            (460)              (17)               (477)
              Contract liabilities                                 (1,082)               —               (1,082)
              Interest-bearing borrowings                          (1,208)              (81)             (1,289)
              Lease liabilities                                       (23)               —                  (23)
              Tax payable                                             (30)               (1)                (31)
              Deferred income                                        (227)               (3)               (230)
              Deferred tax liabilities                                 (8)               (8)                (16)
              Provisions for pensions and similar
                 obligations                                           (3)               —                   (3)
              Others                                                  (13)                2                 (11)
              Non-controlling interests                            (1,225)              (52)             (1,277)


                                                                   3,445                 41              3,486
              Gain on disposal of subsidiaries, net                2,267                 (6)             2,261


                                                                   5,712                (35)             5,747




272   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2020




41. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                Haier COSMO                  Others                 Total
                                                      RMB’M                  RMB’M                 RMB’M


    Satisfied by:
    Cash                                                 4,060                     35                 4,095
    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI              1,397                     —                  1,397
    Interests in associates                                255                     —                    255


                                                         5,712                     35                 5,747


   An analysis of the net cash and cash equivalents receivable in respect of the material disposal of
   subsidiaries is as follows:

                                                Haier COSMO                  Others                 Total
                                                      RMB’M                  RMB’M                 RMB’M


    Cash consideration                                   4,060                     35                 4,095
    Cash and bank balance disposed of                   (2,820)                    —                 (2,820)


    Net cash and cash equivalents receivable
      in respect of the disposal of
      subsidiaries                                       1,240                     35                 1,275




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   273
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      41. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
            Details of disposal of subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2019 are as follow:

                                                                                                         2019
                                                                                                        RMB’M


              Net assets disposed of:
              Property, plant and equipment                                                              2,091
              Right-of-use assets                                                                        2,053
              Goodwill                                                                                     285
              Other intangible assets                                                                        56
              Long-term prepayments                                                                          76
              Deferred tax assets                                                                            59
              Trade and bills receivables                                                                2,216
              Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                  473
              Pledged deposits                                                                                 7
              Cash and bank balances                                                                       938
              Other financial assets                                                                     2,074
              Asset and disposal group held for sale                                                       124
              Trade and bills payables                                                                  (2,096)
              Other payables and accruals                                                                 (775)
              Contract liabilities                                                                          (58)
              Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                   (12)
              Lease liabilities                                                                         (1,023)
              Tax payable                                                                                   (82)
              Liabilities directly associated to the assets classified as held for sale                     (14)
              Deferred income                                                                               (88)
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        (4)
              Put option liabilities                                                                    (1,771)
              Non-controlling interests                                                                 (1,904)


                                                                                                         2,625
              Loss on disposal of subsidiaries, net                                                          (2)
              Gain recognised on the remeasurement of fair value of the
                discontinued operation                                                                   3,191
              Gain recognised on disposal of the discontinued operation                                    637


                                                                                                         6,451




274   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2020




41. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                                     2019
                                                                                                    RMB’M


    Satisfied by:
    Cash                                                                                                  1
    Interests in associates                                                                           5,376
    Deemed distributions for business combination under common control                                1,074


                                                                                                      6,451


   An analysis of the net cash and cash equivalents payable in respect of the material disposal of
   subsidiaries is as follows:

                                                                                                     2019
                                                                                                    RMB’M


    Cash consideration                                                                                    1
    Cash and bank balance disposed of                                                                  (938)


    Net cash and cash equivalents receivable/(payable) in respect of the disposal of
      subsidiaries                                                                                     (937)


42. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (a)   Major non-cash transactions
         During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use
         assets of approximately RMB999 million (2019: RMB1,533 million) and lease liabilities of
         approximately RMB999 million (2019: RMB1,469 million), in respect of lease arrangements for
         land and building, machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures and
         equipments.




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   275
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      42. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            (continued)
            (b)    Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                     Other
                                                            payables and
                                                              accruals in                                     Convertible
                                                               relation to       Interest-                           and
                                                                financing         bearing         Lease     exchangeable
                                                                 activities    borrowings     liabilities          bonds       Bond
                                                                   RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M             RMB’M       RMB’M


                     As at 1 January 2019                              272         24,949         3,153             9,192         —
                     Changes from financing cash flows              (4,202)          (550)         (894)                (9)       —
                     Foreign exchange movement                          (33)          171          (255)              153         —
                     New leases                                          —             —          1,469                —          —
                     Acquisition of subsidiaries                         —           2,116           —                 —          —
                     Interest paid and payable                       1,364              —           125               274         —
                     Amounts reclassified as held
                        for sale                                        —               11            —                —          —
                     Disposal of subsidiaries                          (22)            (12)      (1,023)               —          —
                     Dividends payable to the
                        shareholders                                 2,235              —             —                —          —
                     Dividends payable to non-controlling
                        interests                                      579              —             —                —          —
                     Conversion of convertible bonds                    —               —             —            (2,605)        —


                     As at 31 December 2019 and
                        1 January 2020                                 193         26,685         2,575             7,005         —
                     Changes from financing cash flows              (6,805)          (277)         (728)               (6)     5,500
                     Foreign exchange movement                         (64)          (619)         (119)             (433)        —
                     New leases                                         —              —            999                —          —
                     Early Termination                                  —              —            (83)               —          —
                     Acquisition of subsidiaries                        13              1            —                 —          —
                     Interest paid and payable                         990              —           123               177        35
                     Conversion of convertible bonds                    —               —            —                (29)       —
                     Disposal of subsidiaries                           —           (1,289)          (23)              —         —
                     Dividends payable to the
                        shareholders                                 2,467              —             —                —          —
                     Dividends payable to non-controlling
                        interests                                    3,333              —             —                —          —


                     As at 31 December 2020                            127         24,501         2,744             6,714      5,535




276   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2020




42. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (continued)
   (c)   Total cash outflow for leases

                                                                              2020                  2019
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


          Within operating activities                                           (342)                 (448)
          Within financing activities                                           (728)                 (894)


                                                                              (1,070)               (1,342)


43. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT
    OR LOSS
                                                                              2020                  2019
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Foreign currency forward contracts                                            27                    43


44. BONDS
   On 17 July 2020, the Group issued an ultra-short-term financing bonds at a principal amount of
   approximately RMB3,000 million which is unsecured, bearing a fixed interest rate of 1.45% per
   annum.

   On 28 August 2020, the Group issued an ultra-short-term financing bonds at a principal amount of
   approximately RMB2,500 million which is unsecured, bearing a fixed interest rate of 1.71% per
   annum.

   Both bonds will mature within one year. The ultra-short-term financing bonds have been approved by
   National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors and registered in Shanghai Clearing
   House.




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   277
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      45. CONVERTIBLE AND EXCHANGEABLE BONDS
            On 21 November 2017, Harvest International Company (the “Issuer”), an indirect wholly-owned
            subsidiary of the Company, issued the HK$8,000 million five-year Zero Coupon Guaranteed
            Exchangeable Bonds due on 21 November 2022 (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds (“EB”)”) which are
            listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 5024). The holders of the HSH Exchangeable Bonds (the
            “Bondholders”) are entitled to exchange their HSH Exchangeable Bonds into HEG Shares of Haier
            Electronics Group Co. Ltd (the “HEG”) during the period specified under the terms and conditions of
            the HSH Exchangeable Bonds (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions”).

            In connection with the privatization of HEG, to provide Bondholders with an alternative investment
            management option in their HSH Exchangeable Bonds outside the various options available under the
            HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions, the Company has proposed to amend the HSH
            Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions, such that, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
            precedent, after listing of the H shares of the Company on 23 December 2020, the HSH Exchangeable
            Bonds will not be exchangeable into the HEG Shares but will instead be convertible into the H Shares
            of the Company (the “EB-to-CB Proposal”). The HSH Exchangeable Bonds with such amended terms
            and conditions (the “HSH Convertible Bonds Terms and Conditions”) are hereafter referred to as
            the “HSH Convertible Bonds”. As at the balance sheet date, HK$7,993 million in aggregate principal
            amount of the HSH Convertible Bonds remains outstanding. The initial conversion price per share of
            the HSH Convertible Bonds was approximately HK$19.5961. Subsequent to the balance sheet date, in
            accordance with the HSH Convertible Bonds (“CB”) Terms and Conditions, the conversion price per
            share has been adjusted to approximately HK$18.8369.

            On 18 December 2018, the Company issued an approximately RMB3,000 million convertible corporate
            bond. The convertible bond issued was denominated in RMB and has a maturity of 6 years. The
            convertible corporate bond is convertible into ordinary shares of the Group at a conversion price of
            RMB14.55 per share. The holders have the option to convert between the date after 6 months of issue
            and date of maturity. The coupon rate is 0.2% in the first year, 0.5% in the second year, and 1.0% in
            the third year, 1.5% in the fourth year, 1.8% in the fifth year, and 2.0% in the sixth year.

            At initial recognition, the equity component of the convertible corporate bond was separated from the
            liability component. The equity element is presented in equity heading “Convertible and exchangeable
            bonds (“CEB”) reserve”. The early redemption option is considered as closely related to the host debt.
            The effective interest rate of the liability component is 4.68%.

            On 16 December 2019, the Company early redeemed certain portion of the convertible corporate bond
            at approximately RMB9 million from the bondholders. Since the closing price of the shares in 15 of the
            30 consecutive trading days were not less than 120% of the conversion price. The conditions of early
            redemption have been satisfied. The remaining portion of the convertible corporate bond has been
            converted by the bondholders.




278   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2020




45. CONVERTIBLE AND EXCHANGEABLE BONDS (continued)
   The fair value of the CEB on the issuance date were recognised into as follows:

                                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


     Liability component                                                                      6,747                  6,300
     Equity component (Note 39(a)(ii), note)                                                  2,365                    431


                                                                                              9,112                  6,731

   Note:


   During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group exchanged from CEB with amounted to approximately RMB431 million to CB
   with amounted to approximately RMB2,365 million, the net effect on capital reverse was RMB1,937 million. The difference of
   approximately RMB3 million between the exchanges of CEB to CB and capital reserve has been recognised to retained earnings.


   The movement of the liability component of CEB is as follows:

                                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


     As at 1 January                                                                          7,005                  9,192
     Recognise CB                                                                             6,741                     —
     Interest expense                                                                           177                    274
     Exercise of CEB                                                                             —                  (2,605)
     Derecognise CEB                                                                         (6,770)                    —
     Redemption of CEB                                                                           (6)                     (9)
     Exchange realignment                                                                      (433)                   153


     As at 31 December                                                                        6,714                  7,005




                                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020     279
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      46. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
            concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
            balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the interest-bearing
            borrowings, lease liabilities, bonds and CEB disclosed in notes 33, 17(b), 44 and 45 respectively, net
            assets of the Group, comprising issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

            The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                         RMB’M              RMB’M


                  Debt (i)                                                                39,494             36,265
                  Equity (ii)                                                             68,111             64,990


                  Net debt to equity ratio                                                58.0%              55.8%


            (i)       Debt is defined as long and short-term interest-bearing borrowings, lease liabilities, bonds and
                      CEB as detailed in notes 33, 17(b), 44 and 45.

            (ii)      Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group.




280   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




47. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments are as follows:

   Financial assets
   31 December 2020


                                                                                   Financial
                                       Financial     Financial       Derivative       assets
                                       assets at     assets at   designated as  measured at
                                          FVTPL       FVTOCI           hedges amortised cost             Total
                                         RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M              RMB’M


    Equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI                                 —         2,659              —                —            2,659
    Trade and bills receivables               —        14,137              —            15,929          30,066
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables          —            —               —             3,911           3,911
    Financial assets at FVTPL              2,165           —               —                —            2,165
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                         —            —               —               885             885
    Derivative financial instruments         47            —               78               —              125
    Pledged deposits                         —             —               —               822             822
    Other deposits with limited use          —             —               —                 4               4
    Cash and cash equivalents                —             —               —            45,635          45,635


                                           2,212       16,796              78           67,186          86,272




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   281
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      47. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            31 December 2019


                                                                                                     Financial
                                                      Financial   Financial       Derivative           assets
                                                      assets at   assets at   designated as      measured at
                                                         FVTPL     FVTOCI           hedges     amortised cost      Total
                                                        RMB’M       RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M      RMB’M


              Equity investments designated at
                 FVTOCI                                     —       1,396                —                 —      1,396
              Trade and bills receivables                   —      13,951                —             11,016    24,967
              Financial assets included in
                 deposit and other receivables              —           —                —              4,791     4,791
              Financial assets at FVTPL                    603          —                —                 —        603
              Financial assets measured at
                 amortised cost                             —           —                —              4,313     4,313
              Derivative financial instruments              77          —               19                 —         96
              Pledged deposits                              —           —               —               1,211     1,211
              Other deposits with limited use               —           —               —                   5         5
              Cash and cash equivalents                     —           —               —              34,963    34,963


                                                           680     15,347               19             56,299    72,345




282   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




47. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
   Financial liabilities
   31 December 2020


                                                                               Financial
                                            Financial                          liabilities
                                             liabilities     Derivative       measured
                                            measured        designated     at amortised
                                            at FVTPL        as hedges                cost            Total
                                               RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M              RMB’M


    Trade and bills payables                          —              —            57,539              57,539
    Financial liabilities included other
       payables and accruals                         —               —            20,384              20,384
    Financial liabilities at FVTPL                   27              —                —                   27
    Derivative financial instruments                 —              239               —                  239
    Interest-bearing borrowings                      —               —            24,501              24,501
    CB                                               —               —             6,714               6,714
    Other non-current liabilities                    —               —                89                  89
    Bonds                                            —               —             5,535               5,535
    Lease liabilities                                —               —             2,744               2,744


                                                     27             239          117,506            117,772


   31 December 2019


                                                                                Financial
                                              Financial                         liabilities
                                              liabilities     Derivative       measured
                                             measured        designated     at amortised
                                             at FVTPL        as hedges               cost              Total
                                                RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M              RMB’M


    Trade and bills payables                          —              —            53,059              53,059
    Financial liabilities included other
       payables and accruals                         —               —            17,491              17,491
    Financial liabilities at FVTPL                   43              —                —                   43
    Derivative financial instruments                 —               99               —                   99
    Interest-bearing borrowings                      —               —            26,685              26,685
    Put option liabilities                           55              —                —                   55
    CEB                                              —               —             7,005               7,005
    Other non-current liabilities                    —               —                61                  61
    Lease liabilities                                —               —             2,575               2,575


                                                     98              99          106,876            107,073




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   283
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS
            The management estimates the carrying amount financial instruments carried at amortised cost
            approximately its fair value.

            Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, other
            deposits with limited use, certain other financial assets measured at amortised cost, trade and bills
            receivables, other receivables, trade and bills payables and other payables approximate to their
            carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

            The Group’s management is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
            measurement of financial instruments. As at each reporting date, management analyses the
            movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the
            valuation. The valuation process and results are discussed with the those charged with governance
            twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

            The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
            could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or
            liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

            (a)    The fair values of unlisted equity investments in which was designated at FVTOCI, have been
                   estimated using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not
                   supported by observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires management to
                   determine comparable public companies (peers) based on industry and place of business, and to
                   calculate an appropriate price multiple, such as price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, and price-to-
                   book (“P/B”) multiple for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by
                   dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading
                   multiple is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the
                   comparable companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted
                   multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to
                   measure the fair value. Management believes that the estimated fair values resulting from the
                   valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and
                   the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are
                   reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.
                   The fair values of the remaining unlisted equity investments designated at FVTOCI are determined
                   with reference to their respective latest available transaction prices.

            (b)    The fair values of unlisted equity investments which was designated at FVTPL, have been estimated
                   using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by
                   observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires management to determine comparable
                   public companies (peers) based on industry and place of business, and to calculate an
                   appropriate price multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by
                   dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading
                   multiple is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the
                   comparable companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted
                   multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to
                   measure the fair value. Management believes that the estimated fair values resulting from the
                   valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and
                   the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in profit or loss, are reasonable, and that
                   they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.



284   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2020




48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (c)   The fair values of put option liabilities have been estimated using the discounted cash flow model
         by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with
         similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities, or by the combination of the discounted cash
         flow model and the Monte Carlo Simulation model, based on assumptions that are not supported
         by observable market prices or rates.

   The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products included in
   financial assets at FVTPL issued by banks in Mainland China and Hong Kong. The Group has
   estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a discounted cash flow valuation model
   based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.

   The fair values of bills receivable and interest-bearing borrowings have been calculated by discounting
   the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
   risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing borrowings
   was assessed to be insignificant.

   Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs (level 3 inputs of fair value measurement) to the
   valuation of financial instruments together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December
   2020 and 2019.

   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
   instruments:

   Assets measured at fair value
   31 December 2020


                                                   Level 1        Level 2           Level 3            Total
                                                   RMB’M          RMB’M             RMB’M             RMB’M


     Equity investments designated
       at FVTOCI                                        19              —             2,640             2,659
     Bills receivables                                  —          14,137                —             14,137
     Financial assets at FVTPL                         114          1,967                 84            2,165
     Derivative financial instruments                   —             125                 —               125


                                                       133         16,229             2,724            19,086




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   285
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Assets measured at fair value (continued)
            31 December 2019


                                                      Level 1   Level 2   Level 3     Total
                                                      RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


              Equity investments designated
                at FVTOCI                                 22         —      1,374    1,396
              Bills receivables                           —     13,951         —    13,951
              Financial assets at FVTPL                   —        578        25       603
              Derivative financial instruments            —         96        —         96


                                                          22    14,625      1,399   16,046


            Liabilities measured at fair value
            31 December 2020


                                                      Level 1   Level 2   Level 3    Total
                                                      RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


              Financial liabilities at FVTPL               —        27         —        27
              Derivative financial instruments             —       239         —       239


                                                           —       266         —       266


            31 December 2019


                                                      Level 1   Level 2   Level 3     Total
                                                      RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


              Financial liabilities at FVTPL               —        43         —        43
              Derivative financial instruments             —        99         —        99
              Put option liabilities                       —        —         55        55


                                                           —       142        55       197




286   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                             31 December 2020




48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   Liabilities measured at fair value (continued)
   The key input for the put option granted to the non-controlling interest shareholders of Gooday
   Logistics is the corporate bond rate of Gooday Logistics; which unable observed in the market; as a
   result, the Company determined the fair value measurement is a third-level fair value measurement.

   During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, there were no transfers of fair value
   measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3.

                                   Fair value   Fair value   Fair                                                  Significant
    Financial                      as at        as at        value         Valuation                               unobservable
    assets                         31/12/2020   31/12/2019   hierarchy     technique         Range                 input(s)            Sensitivity of fair value to the input


    Equity investment designated   RMB1,118     RMB1,243     Level 3       Market approach   2020: 17.77-18.13     Average P/E         1% increase (decrease) in average P/E multiple of the
       at FVTOCI-SINOPEC Fuel        million      million                                    2019: 16.92-17.27        multiple of         Comparable Companies would result in increase
       Oil Sales Corporation                                                                                          peers               (decrease) in fair value by 2020: RMB11,177,000
       Limited                                                                                                                            (RMB11,177,000) 2019: RMB12,429,000
                                                                                                                                          (RMB12,429,000)


                                                                                             2020: 11%-13%         Discount for        1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability would
                                                                                             2019: 9%-11%              lack of            result in decrease (increase) in fair value by 2020:
                                                                                                                       marketability      RMB12,701,000 (RMB12,701,000) 2019:
                                                                                                                                          RMB13,810,000 (RMB13,810,000)


    Equity investment designated   RMB1,397     N/A          Level 3       Market approach   2020: 2.93-2.99       Average P/B         1% increase (decrease) in average P/B multiple of the
       at FVTOCI-Haier COSMO         million                                                                          multiple of         Comparable Companies would result in increase
       IOT Ecological Technology                                                                                      peers               (decrease) in fair value by 2020: RMB13,313,000
       Co., Ltd                                                                                                                           (RMB13,313,000)


                                                                                             2020: 36%-38%         Discount for        1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability would
                                                                                                                       lack of            result in decrease (increase) in fair value by 2020:
                                                                                                                       marketability      RMB21,188,000 (RMB21,188,000)




                                                                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020                                     287
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
                                                             Fair value as at            Fair value as at             Fair value
               Financial assets/Financial liabilities        31/12/2020                  31/12/2019                   hierarchy    Valuation technique(s)



               Bill receivables                              RMB14,137 million           RMB13,951 million            Level 2      Discount cash flow


               Financial assets at FVTPL                     Assets — RMB105             Assets — RMB85 million       Level 2      Discounted cash flow.
                 — Foreign currency forward contracts          million and Liabilities      and Liabilities —
                                                               — RMB27 million              RMB43 million


               Financial assets at FVTPL                     Assets — RMB1,862           Assets — RMB198 million      Level 2      Discounted cash flow.
                 — Wealth management products                  million


               Derivative financial Instruments              Assets — RMB52              Assets — RMB17 million       Level 2      Discounted cash flow.
                 — Foreign currency forward contracts          million and Liabilities      and liabilities - RMB85
                                                               — RMB189 million             million


               Derivative financial Instruments              Assets                      Assets — RMB2 million        Level 2      Discounted cash flow.
                 — Forwards commodity contract                 — RMB 26 million


               Derivative financial Instruments — Interest   Liabilities                 Liabilities                  Level 2      Monte Carlo Simulation.
                 rate swaps                                    — RMB50 million              — RMB14 million


               Equity investment designated at FVTOCI        Assets                      Assets — RMB22 million       Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an active market.
                 — Listed entity                               — RMB19 million


               Financial assets at FVTPL                     Assets                      N/A                          Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an active market.
                 — Investment fund                             — RMB114 million




288   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       31 December 2020




48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                  Equity
                                            investments               Financial
                                             designated               assets at
                                                FVTOCI                  FVTPL                   Total
                                                RMB’M                 RMB’000                RMB’000



    At 1 January 2019                             1,380                       19                 1,399
    Total gains or losses:
    — in profit or loss                               —                       (2)                     (2)
    — in other comprehensive income                  (18)                     —                     (18)
    Additions                                         20                      8                      28
    Settlements                                        (8)                    —                       (8)


    At 31 December 2019 and
      1 January 2020                              1,374                       25                 1,399
    Total gains or losses:
    — in profit or loss                               —                       4                       4
    — in other comprehensive income                (115)                      —                   (115)
    Additions                                     1,403                       55                 1,458
    Settlements                                      (22)                     —                     (22)


    At 31 December 2020                           2,640                       84                 2,724


                                             Contingent
                                           consideration            Put Option                   Total
                                                RMB’M                  RMB’M                   RMB’M


    At 1 January 2019                                  5                     204                   209
    Total gains or losses:
    — in profit or loss                               (5)                     —                      (5)
    Additions                                         —                        1                      1
    Settlements                                       —                     (150)                 (150)


    At 31 December 2019 and
      1 January 2020                                  —                       55                     55
    Settlements                                       —                      (55)                   (55)


    At 31 December 2020                               —                       —                      —




                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   289
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
            The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise interest-bearing borrowings, CEB, lease liabilities
            and cash and short-term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance
            for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade
            and bills receivables and trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.

            The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and
            liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and
            they are summarised below.

            Foreign currency risk
            The Group has transactional currency exposures. These exposures mainly arise from sales or
            purchases and borrowings by the Group’s other than the units’ functional currencies (i.e., RMB or
            Hong Kong dollar).

            The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
            possible change in the United States dollar, Japan dollars and Euro exchange rate, with all other
            variables held constant, of the Group’s post-tax profit (due to changes in the fair value of monetary
            assets and liabilities). There is no significant impact on other components of the Group’s equity.


                                                                        2020                            2019
                                                               Increase/      Increase/        Increase/      Increase/
                                                              (decrease)     (decrease)       (decrease)     (decrease)
                                                            in exchange         in profit   in exchange in profit before
                                                                   rates     before tax            rates             tax
                                                                      %          RMB’M                %         RMB’M


              If RMB strengthens against the
                 United States dollar                                  5             693              5             563
              If RMB weakens against the
                 United States dollar                                  (5)          (693)             (5)          (563)
              If RMB strengthens against the Japan dollar               5             11               5              17
              If RMB weakens against the Japan dollar                  (5)           (11)             (5)            (17)
              If RMB strengthens against the Euro                       5            293               5            381
              If RMB weakens against the Euro                          (5)          (293)             (5)          (381)




290   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
   Foreign currency risk (continued)
   The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary
   liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                          Liabilities                      Assets
                                                      31 Dec           31 Dec         31 Dec           31 Dec
                                                        2020             2019           2020             2019
                                                     RMB’M            RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M


    United states dollars                             24,949          23,086           10,405            6,981
    Japanese dollars                                     808             934              587              461
    Hong Kong dollars                                  2,190              —               702              668
    Euro                                              11,083          12,185            4,921            3,729
    Other                                              5,144           4,376            6,541            4,974


   Credit risk
   The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and bills receivables,
   other deposits with limited use, and financial assets included in deposits and other receivables and
   other financial assets represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial
   assets. Substantially all of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits are held in
   major financial institutions, which management believes are of high credit quality. The Group has
   policies to control the size of the deposits to be placed with various reputable financial institutions
   according to their market reputation, operating scale and financial background with a view to limiting
   the amount of credit exposure to any single financial institution.

   The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and Haier Affiliates. It is the
   Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification
   procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s
   exposure to bad debts is not significant.

   The credit risk of the Group’s financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, other
   deposits with limited use, pledged deposits, and financial assets included in deposits and other
   receivables and other financial assets, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum
   exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments and they were all classified as low credit
   risk from the management’s assessment as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, which is mainly based on
   past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   291
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Credit risk (continued)
            Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and Haier Affiliates, there is
            no requirement for collateral. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty.
            There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of the
            Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors.

            The credit risk of the Group’s trade and bills receivables arises from default of the counterparty, with a
            maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts and the Group applies the simplified approach in
            calculating ECLs of its trade and bills receivables.

            Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade and bills
            receivables and other receivables are respectively disclosed in Notes 26 and 27 to Consolidated
            Financial Statements.

            Interest rate risk
            The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to pledged bank deposits, fixed-rate
            bank borrowings and lease liabilities. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in
            relation to variable-rate bank borrowings. The Group cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated
            on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances and HIBOR arising from the Group’s RMB
            denominated borrowings. The Group aims at keeping borrowings at variable rates. The Group
            manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from any interest rate
            movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The management will review the proportion of
            borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are within reasonable range.

            Sensitivity analysis
            The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates,
            including derivatives which are designated as effective hedging instruments at the end of the reporting
            period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the
            reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis point (2019: 100 basis points)
            increase or decrease in variable-rate bank balances and a 100 basis point (2019: 100 basis points)
            increase or decrease in variable-rate bank borrowings and interest rate swaps designated to hedge
            cash flow interest rate risk are used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management
            personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest
            rates, post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 would decreased/increase by RMB184
            million.




292   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   31 December 2020




49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
   Liquidity risk
   In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
   equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
   effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank
   borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

   The Group relies on bank borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2020, the
   Group has available unutilised overdraft and short-term bank loan facilities of RMB82,202 million (2019:
   RMB51,407 million) in total. Details of which are set out in note 49.

   The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and
   derivative instruments. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
   financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Specifically,
   bank loans with a repayment on demand clause are included in the earliest time band regardless of the
   probability of the banks choosing to exercise their rights. The maturity dates for other non-derivative
   financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

   31 December 2020


                                       On demand or                                        Total
                                       no fixed terms         Within       Over    undiscounted           Carrying
                                        of repayment        one year   one year      cash flows            amount
                                              RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M            RMB’M             RMB’M


    Trade and bills payables                       —          57,539         —            57,539             57,539
    Financial liabilities included
       other payables and accruals             20,384             —          —            20,384             20,384
    Interest-bearing borrowings                    —          12,803     12,013           24,816             24,501
    Financial liabilities at FVTPL                 —              27         —                27                 27
    Derivative financial instruments               —             239         —               239                239
    CB                                             —              —       6,903            6,903              6,714
    Other non-current liabilities                  —              —          89               89                 89
    Lease liabilities                              —             691      2,437            3,128              2,744
    Bonds                                          —           5,535         —             5,535              5,535


                                               20,384         76,834     21,442          118,660            117,772




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   293
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Liquidity risk (continued)
            31 December 2019


                                                  On demand
                                                   or no fixed                                 Total
                                                      terms of     Within       Over   undiscounted    Carrying
                                                   repayment     one year   one year     cash flows    amount
                                                       RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M      RMB’M


              Trade and bills payables                     —      53,059         —           53,059     53,059
              Other payables                           17,491         —          —           17,491     17,491
              Interest-bearing borrowings                  —      13,679     13,602          27,281     26,685
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL               —          43         —               43         43
              Derivative financial instruments             —          99         —               99         99
              Put option liabilities                       —          —          55              55         55
              CEB                                          —          —       7,202           7,202      7,005
              Other non-current liabilities                —          —          61              61         61
              Lease liabilities                            —         661      2,248           2,909      2,575


                                                       17,491     67,541     23,168         108,200    107,073




294   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2020




50. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
   The Group sponsors a funded defined benefit plan for qualifying employees of its subsidiaries in the
   United States and Japan. The defined benefit plan is administered by a separate fund that is legally
   separated from the entity. The board of the pension fund is composed of an equal number of
   representatives from both employers and (former) employees. The board of the pension fund is
   required by law and by its articles of association to act in the interest of the fund and of all relevant
   stakeholders in the scheme, i.e. active employees, inactive employees, retirees, employers. The board
   of the pension fund is responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets of the fund.

   The defined benefit plan requires contributions from employees. Contributions are in the following two
   forms; one is based on the number of years of service and the other one is based on a fixed
   percentage of salary of the employees. Employees can also make discretionary contributions to the
   plan.

   The plans expose the Group to actuarial risks such as investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk
   and salary risk.

   Investment risk      The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a
                        discount rate determined by reference to high quality corporate bond yields; if the
                        return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit. Currently the
                        plan has a relatively balanced investment in equity securities, debt instruments
                        and real estates. Due to the long-term nature of the plan liabilities, the board of
                        the pension fund considers it appropriate that a reasonable portion of the plan
                        assets should be invested in equity securities and in real estate to leverage the
                        return generated by the fund.

   Interest rate risk   A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this
                        will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the plan’s debt
                        investments.

   Longevity risk       The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to
                        the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants both during and after their
                        employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will
                        increase the plan’s liability.

   Salary risk          The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to
                        the future salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the
                        plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   295
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      50. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
                                                                          2020                                           2019
                                                                           Non-                                           Non-
                                                        Current          current         Total          Current         current       Total
                                                        RMB’M            RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M       RMB’M


              Defined pension benefit
                (Note (a))                                      38               603         641              84             578       662
              Termination benefits                              —                430         430              —              324       324
              Provision for work-related
                injury compensation                             —                213         213               —             220       220


              Total                                             38          1,246          1,284              84            1,122    1,206

            Note:


            (a)     Defined pension benefit


                    The Group’s major defined benefit plans are in Japan and the United States. The plans are either contributory final salary
                    pension plans or contributory career average pay plans or non-contributory guaranteed return defined contribution plans.


                    Summary of the (net assets)/net liabilities of the defined pension obligations are as follows:


                                                                                                                  2020                2019
                                                                                                                RMB’M                RMB’M


                      Haier Asia Co., Ltd. pension plans                                                             (46)                (34)
                      Roper Corporation pension plans                                                                151                138
                      Haier U.S. Appliances Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan                                     293                310
                      Haier U.S. Appliances Solutions, Inc. pension plans                                             64                  73


                      Total net liabilities of the defined pension obligations
                        at United States and Japan                                                                   462                487
                      Others                                                                                         179                175


                                                                                                                     641                662




296   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          31 December 2020




50. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   The summary net liabilities of the defined pension obligations at United States and Japan are as
   follows:

                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


     Presents value of defined benefit obligation                               992                 1,019
     Fair value of plan assets                                                 (530)                 (552)


                                                                                462                   467


   The major amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the movements
   in the net defined pension benefit over the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

   (1)   Haier Asia Co., Ltd pension plan

                                                                              2020                   2019


          Discount rates                                                    0.50%                  0.50%
          Compensation increases                                            2.00%                  2.00%


         Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
         December 2020 and 2019 were as follows:

                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


          As at 1 January                                                       334                   324
          Current service cost                                                    9                     9
          Interest cost                                                           1                     1
          Acturial loss                                                           2                    —
          Exchange realignment on foreign plans                                  (4)                    11
          Benefits paid                                                         (18)                   (11)


          As at 31 December                                                     324                   334




                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   297
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      50. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (1)    Haier Asia Co., Ltd pension plan (continued)
                   Movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the years ended 31 December 2020 and
                   2019 were as follows:

                                                                                                       2020                   2019
                                                                                                     RMB’M                   RMB’M


                     As at 1 January                                                                      368                     326
                     Interest income                                                                        7                       6
                     Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
                        Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included
                          in net interest expense)                                                           5                     16
                     Contributions from the employer                                                         6                     15
                     Exchange realignment on foreign plans                                                  (5)                    13
                     Benefits paid                                                                         (11)                     (8)


                     As at 31 December                                                                    370                     368

                   Note: Neither the Company’s ordinary shares or bonds, nor the properties occupied the Company are included in the plan
                         assets.


                   The net asset of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                                       2020                   2019
                                                                                                     RMB’M                   RMB’M


                     As at 1 January                                                                       (34)                     (2)
                     Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit
                       or loss                                                                               3                       4
                     Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other
                       comprehensive income                                                                 (3)                    (16)
                     Other reconciling items                                                               (12)                    (20)


                     As at 31 December                                                                     (46)                    (34)




298   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 31 December 2020




50. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (2)   Roper Corporation pension plan

                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                    2020                    2019


           Discount rates                                                          2.47%                  3.27%


         Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
         December 2020 and 2019 were as follows:

                                                                                    2020                  2019
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                             138                   118
           Current service cost                                                          6                     5
           Interest cost                                                                 4                     2
           Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
           Actuarial gains and losses                                                   12                    18
           Exchange realignment                                                         (1)                     2
           Benefits paid                                                                (8)                    (7)


           As at 31 December                                                           151                   138


         The net liability of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                    2020                  2019
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                             138                   118
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit
             or loss                                                                    10                      7
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other
             comprehensive income                                                       12                    18
           Other reconciling items                                                      (9)                    (5)


           As at 31 December                                                           151                   138




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   299
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      50. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (3)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan

                                                                                            2020       2019


                     Discount rates                                                        2.09%      3.06%


                   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
                   December 2020 and 2019 were as follows:

                                                                                            2020      2019
                                                                                          RMB’M      RMB’M


                     As at 1 January                                                         310        326
                     Interest cost                                                             8          9
                     Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
                        Actuarial gains and losses                                             3           (1)
                     Exchange realignment                                                     (4)           5
                     Benefits paid                                                           (24)        (29)


                     As at 31 December                                                       293        310


                   The net liability of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                            2020      2019
                                                                                          RMB’M      RMB’M


                     As at 1 January                                                         310        326
                     Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit
                       or loss                                                                 8           9
                     Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other
                       comprehensive income                                                    3           (1)
                     Other reconciling items                                                 (28)        (24)


                     As at 31 December                                                       293        310




300   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2020




50. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (4)   Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. pension plan

                                                                               2020                   2019


          Discount rates                                                     2.08%                  2.96%


         Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended 31
         December 2020 and 2019 were as follows:

                                                                              2020                  2019
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


          As at 1 January                                                        257                   284
          Interest cost                                                            6                    10
          Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
          Actuarial gains and losses                                              10                     11
          Exchange realignment                                                    (4)                     4
          Benefits paid                                                          (45)                   (52)


          As at 31 December                                                      224                   257


         Movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the years ended 31 December 2020 and
         2019 were as follows:

                                                                              2020                  2019
                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


          As at 1 January                                                        184                   201
          Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
          Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in
            net interest expense)                                                 10                      7
          Contributions from the employer                                         14                     26
          Exchange realignment                                                    (3)                     3
          Benefits paid                                                          (45)                   (53)


          As at 31 December                                                      160                   184




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   301
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      50. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (4)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. pension plan (continued)
                   The net liabilities of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                            RMB’M           RMB’M


                     As at 1 January                                                            73                 83
                     Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit
                       or loss                                                                   6                 10
                     Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other
                       comprehensive income                                                     —                    4
                     Other reconciling items                                                   (15)                (24)


                     As at 31 December                                                          64                 73


      51. CHANGE IN OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARIES
            During the year, the Group disposal of its interests in certain of subsidiaries, reducing its continuing
            interest. The proceeds on disposal of approximately RMB1,683 million were received/receivable in
            cash. An amount of approximately RMB2,362 million (being the proportionate share of the carrying
            amount of the net assets of certain of subsidiaries) has been transferred to non-controlling interests.
            The difference between the increase in the non-controlling interests and the consideration received has
            been credited to equity.

      52. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.

      53. COMMITMENTS
            (a)    The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                                            RMB’M           RMB’M


                     Contracted, but not provided for:
                     Property, plant and equipment                                           3,009               2,053




302   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2020




54. PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS
   Pledge of assets
   The Group’s borrowings and bill payables had been secured by the pledge of the Group’s assets and
   the carrying amounts of the respective assets are as follows:

                                                                            2020                  2019
                                                                          RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Property, plant and equipment                                               —                    55
    Trade and bills receivables                                            14,396                13,102
    Pledged bank deposits                                                     822                 1,211




                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   303
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      55. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
            Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the year ended are
            as follows:

                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                    RMB’M              RMB’M


              NON-CURRENT ASSETS
              Property, plant and equipment                                             205                246
              Right-of-use assets                                                         7                  5
              Other intangible assets                                                    58                 11
              Interests in associates                                                 3,066              3,177
              Investments in subsidiaries                                            49,224             32,390
              Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                   804                  5
              Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                —                  —
              Deferred tax assets                                                       154                 97
              Other non-current assets                                                   31                  9


              Total non-current assets                                               53,549             35,940


              CURRENT ASSETS
              Inventories                                                                74                234
              Trade and bills receivables                                             5,492              1,182
              Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                             4,222              6,018
              Financial assets measured at amortised cost                               439                605
              Cash and cash equivalents                                               8,287              5,624


              Total current assets                                                   18,514             13,663


              CURRENT LIABILITIES
              Trade and bills payables                                                  248              3,412
              Other payables and accruals                                            29,754             27,007
              Contract liabilities                                                        9                 17
              Interest-bearing borrowings                                                20                 —
              Bonds                                                                   5,535                 —
              Lease liabilities                                                           1                 —
              Tax payable                                                                41                 67


              Total current liabilities                                              35,608             30,503


              NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                               (17,094)           (16,840)


              TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                  36,455             19,100




304   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                        31 December 2020




55. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
                                                                                                       2020                         2019
                                                                                                     RMB’M                         RMB’M


     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                            —                             20
     Lease liabilities                                                                                      1                             —
     Deferred income                                                                                       17                             51
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             220                             44


     Total non-current liabilities                                                                        238                           115


     Net assets                                                                                       36,217                        18,985


     EQUITY
     Share capital                                                                                     9,028                         6,580
     Reserves (note)                                                                                  27,189                        12,405


     Total equity                                                                                     36,217                        18,985

   Note: A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                                    Convertible
                                                                                                                           and
                                                                   Capital                               Other    exchangeable
                                                 Contributed   redemption     Reserve   Retained comprehensive           bonds
                                                     surplus       reserve      funds     profits      income         reserves     Total reserve
                                                     RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M     RMB’M         RMB’M            RMB’M            RMB’M


     As 1 January 2019                                 3,848          334       1,683      2,240             8             473            8,586
     Total comprehensive income for the
         year                                             —             —          —       3,670            3                —             3,673
     Issue of shares                                   2,890            —          —          —             —              (473)           2,417
     Transfer to reserve funds                            —             —         367       (367)           —                —                 —
     Others                                               —            (36)        —          —             —                —                (36)
     Dividend payment                                     —             —          —      (2,235)           —                —            (2,235)


     As at 31 December 2019 and
         1 January 2020                                6,738          298       2,050      3,308            11               —           12,405
     Privatisation of a subsidiary by issue of
         new shares, net of transaction cost*         13,372            —          —          —             —                —           13,372
     Transfer to reserve fund                             —             —         390       (390)           —                —               —
     Total comprehensive income for the
         year                                             —             —          —       3,900           (21)              —             3,879
     Dividend payable                                     —             —          —      (2,467)           —                —            (2,467)


     As at 31 December 2020                           20,110          298       2,440      4,351           (10)              —           27,189



   The Company’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the fair value of the shares of the
   subsidiaries acquired, over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in exchange therefor.




                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020                305
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      31 December 2020




      56. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
            (a)    According to the resolution of the 17th meeting of the 17th session of the Board of Directors of
                   the Company held on 30 March 2021, the profit for the year is proposed to be distributed on the
                   basis of the total number of shares on the record date after deducting the repurchased shares
                   from the repurchased account when the plan is implemented in the future, the Company will
                   declare cash dividend of RMB3.66 (including taxes) for every 10 shares to all shareholders.

            (b)    On 5 March 2021, the Company convened the 16th meeting of the 10th session of the Board of
                   Directors, which considered and approved the Resolution in Relation to the Repurchase Plan of
                   a Portion of Public Shares of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. It approved the Company to use its
                   own funds to repurchase a portion of shares of the Company by way of centralised bidding. The
                   repurchase price is no more than RMB46 per share and the proposed repurchase amount is no
                   more than RMB4.0 billion and no less than RMB2.0 billion. The period of this repurchase is
                   within 12 months from the date the Board considered and approved the resolution of repurchase
                   of shares. The source of capital is from the Company’s owned funds and the category of the
                   shares repurchased are the A-shares issued by the Company. Calculated at the upper limit for
                   the share repurchase and the repurchase price, the upper limit of the number of shares
                   proposed to be repurchased is 86,960,000 shares, accounting for approximately 0.94% of the
                   current total share capital of the Company. The specific number of shares repurchased is the
                   number of shares actually repurchased upon the expiry of repurchase period. As of the date of
                   approval for the publication of these financial statements, the Company has repurchased
                   2,715,800 shares with a repurchase amount of RMB80,630,000.

            (c)    Subsequent to the balance sheet date, a total of HK$5,690,000,000 of H-share convertible bonds
                   have been converted into the H shares of the Company, and the total number of H shares from
                   these conversions was 302,066,640. The remaining outstanding H-share convertible bonds then
                   amounted to HK$2,303,000,000, accounting for 28.81% of the total number of H-share
                   convertible bonds issued.

            (d)    Referring to the listing document of the Company dated 16 November 2020, in relation to the
                   HK$8,000,000,000 zero coupon guaranteed exchangeable bonds due on 21 November 2022
                   (now referred to as HK$8,000,000,000 zero coupon guaranteed convertible bonds due 2022
                   convertible into the ordinary H shares of the Company, the “Bonds”).

                   Pursuant to Condition 6(a)(iii)(B) and Condition 6(d)(ix) of the terms and conditions of the Bonds,
                   the Company hereby announces that the conversion price per share in effect on the initial
                   adjustment date (being 12 January 2021) shall be adjusted from approximately HK$19.5961 to
                   approximately HK$18.8369 (the “Adjustment”). The conversion ratio (calculated by way of
                   illustration based on each HK$1,000,000 principal amount of Bonds) is 53,087.3586. Further
                   details of the adjustment to conversion price of the bonds were set out in the announcements of
                   the Company dated 12 January 2021.

            The Company has no other significant event after the reporting period that needs to be disclosed.




306   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
                                             Five Year Financial Summary



The consolidated results of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the
“Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the consolidated assets and liabilities of the Group as
at 31 December 2020 are those set out in the audited financial statements.

The summary of the consolidated results of the Group for each of the years ended 31 December 2017,
2018 and 2019 and of the consolidated assets and liabilities of the Group as at 31 December 2017, 2018
and 2019 has been extracted from the prospectus issued on 16 November 2020 in connection with the
listing of the Company’s H-shares on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on
23 December 2020.

The summary of the consolidated results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2016 and of the
consolidated assets and liabilities of the Group as at 31 December 2016 has been extracted from the
prospectus issued on 12 October 2018 in connection with the listing of the Company’s D-shares on the
CEINEX D-share Market on 24 October 2018, where the published results and statement of assets and
liabilities have not been prepared on a consistent basis.

The summary below does not form part of the audited financial statements.

A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group is set out
below.

                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                     2020        2019          2018         2017                2016
                                                   RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M        RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                          (Restated)   (Restated)

 RESULTS

 CONTINUING OPERATIONS
 REVENUE                                            209,703     198,006          177,594        154,165        119,117
 Cost of sales                                     (148,870)   (139,393)        (125,415)      (104,001)        (83,131)

 Gross profit                                        60,833      58,613           52,179         50,164         35,986
 Other gains or losses                                3,994        3,324            2,389          2,228          2,000
 Selling and distribution expenses                  (33,641)    (33,843)         (29,076)       (29,979)       (21,254)
 Administrative expenses                            (17,930)    (17,165)         (14,029)       (11,994)         (8,789)
 Finance costs                                       (1,321)      (1,732)          (1,464)        (1,396)          (729)
 Share of profits and losses of associates            1,620        1,409            1,325          1,189            974

 PROFIT BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING
    OPERATIONS                                      13,555      10,606           11,326          10,212           8,188
 Income tax expenses                                (2,332)      (1,584)          (1,793)         (1,421)        (1,492)

 PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
   FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS                       11,323        9,022            9,533          8,791          6,696

 DISCONTINUED OPERATION
 Profit for the year from discontinued operation         —        3,313              367            353              —

 PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                11,323      12,335             9,900          9,144          6,696

 Attributable to:
    Owners of the Company                             8,877       8,206            7,484          6,944          5,042
    Non-controlling interests                         2,446       4,129            2,416          2,200          1,654

                                                    11,323      12,335             9,900          9,144          6,696




                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020   307
      Five Year Financial Summary




                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                        2020        2019              2018        2017        2016
                                                      RMB’M        RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M


        ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-
          CONTROLLING INTERESTS

        TOTAL ASSETS                                   203,459     187,454         168,092       158,301     131,470
        TOTAL LIABILITIES                             (135,348)   (122,464)       (112,284)     (109,906)     (93,790)
        NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                       (1,295)     (17,103)        (16,066)      (14,795)    (11,242)

                                                       68,816      47,887          39,742        33,600       26,438




308   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2020
