       2022            ANNUAL
                       REPORT




                                Household             Household
                                Air                   Water




        Household
        Intelligence




                                            Smart
                                            Kitchen




2022
                    CONTENTS
                            Corporate Profile 2
                       Corporate Information 3
                       Letter to Shareholders 5
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management 12
                            Business Review 22
                            Financial Review 48
               Corporate Governance Report 64
                     Report of The Directors 94
                Independent Auditors’ Report 133
 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                Other Comprehensive Income 140
  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 142
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 144
       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 146
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 149
                Five Year Financial Summary 312
    CORPORATE PROFILE

    We are a leader in the global major home appliance industry. According to the data from
    Euromonitor, we ranked first in the major home appliance industry in the world in terms of retail
    volume of major home appliances for 13 consecutive years. We have a global portfolio of home
    appliance brands consisting of Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher & Paykel and
    AQUA. Our Haier brand refrigeration appliances and laundry appliances also ranked first among
    major home appliance brands in the world in terms of retail volume for 15 and 14 consecutive
    years respectively. Currently, our business covered more than 160 countries and regions around
    the world including China, North America, Europe, South Asia and Southeast Asia, Australia and
    New Zealand, Japan, Middle East and Africa.

    We are also a global pioneer in providing smart home solutions. Leveraging on our full-range
    home appliances products, according to Euromonitor, we are one of the first home appliance
    enterprises in the industry to launch smart home solutions, supported by the introduction of our
    cloud based platform that offers integrated smart home solutions covering various lifestyle
    scenarios. Centering on our interconnected home appliance products, and supported by Haier
    Smart Home App and Haier Smart Home Experiential Cloud Platform as well as our experience
    stores and franchised stores, we provide smart home solutions suited for various lifestyle
    scenarios for users to satisfy their pursuit for a better life.




2   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                   CORPORATE INFORMATION




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                           BOARD SECRETARY
Executive Directors                          Ms. LIU Xiaomei

Mr. LI Huagang
                                             PRINCIPAL BOARD COMMITTEES
 (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. GONG Wei                                 Audit Committee
 (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022)
                                             Mr. WONG Hak Kun (Committee Chairman)
Mr. LIANG Haishan
                                             Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
 (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)
                                             Mr. YU Hon To, David
Mr. XIE Juzhi
                                             Mr. WU Qi
 (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)
                                             Ms. SHAO Xinzhi

Non-executive Directors                      Remuneration and Assessment Committee
Mr. YU Hon To, David
                                             Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (Committee Chairman)
Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun
                                             Mr. LI Huagang
Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)
                                             Mr. LI Shipeng
 (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022)
Mr. WU Changqi                               Nomination Committee
 (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)
Mr. LIN Sui                                  Mr. WU Qi (Committee Chairman)
 (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)     Mr. LI Huagang
                                             Mr. LI Shipeng
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                             Strategy Committee
Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
Mr. WONG Hak Kun                             Mr. LI Huagang (Committee Chairman)
Mr. LI Shipeng                               Mr. LI Shipeng
Mr. WU Qi                                    Mr. WU Qi
                                             Mr. GONG Wei
SUPERVISORS
                                             Environmental, Social and Governance
Mr. LIU Dalin                                Committee
Mr. YU Miao
Ms. MA Yingjie                               Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (Committee Chairwoman)
                                             Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
                                             Mr. GONG Wei

                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   3
    Corporate Information




    COMPANY SECRETARY                                             TELEPHONE NUMBER
    Mr. NG Chi Yin                                                +86 (532) 8893 1670
                                                                  +852 2169 0000
    LEGAL ADVISORS
                                                                  FAX NUMBER
    As to PRC Law
                                                                  +86 (532) 8893 1689
    Zhong Lun Law Firm
                                                                  +852 2169 0880

    As to Hong Kong Law
                                                                  H-SHARES REGISTRAR
    Clifford Chance
                                                                  Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                                  17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    PRINCIPAL BANKER
                                                                  16 Harcourt Road
    China Construction Bank Corporation                           Hong Kong

    AUDITORS                                                      STOCK CODE
    Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP                        The Shanghai Stock Exchange: 600690
    HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited                               The Frankfurt Stock Exchange: 690D
                                                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited: 06690
    FINANCIAL CALENDAR
    Six-month interim period end              :     30 June       WEBSITE
    Financial year end                        :     31 December   http://smart-home.haier.com

    REGISTERED OFFICE AND
    HEADQUARTERS
    Haier Industrial Park
    Laoshan District, Qingdao
    Shandong Province, the PRC

    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    HONG KONG
    Unit 3513
    35/F, The Center
    99 Queen’s Road Central
    Hong Kong




4   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                   LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS




Haier Smart Home once again delivered our best ever results in 2022. Our global operating revenue grew to
RMB243.485 billion, increased by 7.2% year on year. Net profit attributable to shareholders surged to
RMB14.711 billion, increased by 12.5%. Haier Smart Home’s core products were gaining grounds across
major markets around the world.

As one of the Fortune 500 companies, Haier Smart Home is committed to meeting the expectations of our
stakeholders on ESG practices by lowering carbon emissions through the lifetime of our products,
advocating diversity and inclusion, implementing responsible sourcing, creating value in the interest of the
society, and promoting sustainable corporate governance. Haier Smart Home continued to be named “Most
Admired Company” by Fortune in 2022, and our subsidiary GE Appliances was once again certified as Great
Place to Work in the US.

In 2022, unprecedented inflationary pressure in the US and looming energy crisis in Europe caused
retraction in demand for home appliances; while our supply chain, distribution network, logistic operation and
fulfilment system in the Company’s biggest market were disrupted by public health emergency in the fourth
quarter. What we have achieved in an extraordinary year like 2022 was truly remarkable, and it could only be
made possible with winning spirit, shared goal and decisive actions from the entire organization in fulfilling
our commitment to always prioritize consumer experience.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   5
    Letter to Shareholders




    In taking on the role of Chairman of Haier Smart Home in June 2022, I have spent a great deal of time with
    our customers, employees, partners as well as Haier Group, amongst other shareholders. What has been
    reinforced is our stakeholders’ shared expectation for Haier Smart Home to become a long-standing leader
    with sustainability that transcends the ups and downs in the economy. This requires Haier Smart Home to
    continue outperforming the industry in the next three years, in order to attract and retain talents, while
    creating greater value for shareholders and employees. During this time, we must be more efficient and
    transparent not only in the way we interact with our users, in the product we make and in the service we
    provide, but also in the business operations and supply chain system; we ought to become the elephant
    that can dance by being agile and embrace the latest technological development. In the next three years,
    Haier Smart Home will strengthen the foundation of our sustainable development. As a responsible corporate
    citizen of global influence, we remain committed to reducing carbon emissions in product design,
    manufacturing and recycling; building a sustainable and ethical supply chain; creating a workplace for our
    people to fulfil their dreams and realize individual value; eliminating bureaucracy and avoiding disorientation
    in processes. Across the globe, we will enhance our commitment to local communities, and strengthen our
    ties with the places where we operate.




6   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                      Letter to Shareholders




Looking ahead, the abrupt reversal in globalisation and increasing financial volatility remain source of
uncertainty during Haier Smart Home’s global brand portfolio building. The way to success lies with placing
users experience at the heart of our business while transforming ourselves by accelerating digitalisation and
innovation.

The pandemic appears to be over, however lingering aftereffects such as lower labour participation rate and
supply chain fragmentation will inevitably impact demand in home appliance and HVAC sectors, against this
backdrop, quality growth is only made possible in countries with substantial domestic market, manufacturing
scales and ample supply of engineering talents; and businesses that can achieve rapid profit growth are
those with engaged workforce, production efficiency and consumer goodwill. Capitalising on our advantages
in the world’s largest home appliance market, efficient supply chain and engineering expertise in China, Haier
Smart Home is in the best position to strengthen our global competitiveness as long as we drive innovation
with technology, redefine experience with digitalization and manage the business with start-up sensibility.

The Internet of Things (IoT) and advancements in energy efficiency are two driving forces that will transform
the industry. Harnessing these technologies is the focus of Haier Smart Home’s future R&D. IoT technology
gives home appliance businesses better consumer insights via interactive experience. After the initial
configuration, home appliance businesses can accelerate product upgrades and improve algorithm to
enhance user recognition based on feedback on product quality, functionality and scenario applications
utilising sensors, user behaviour analysis and big data applications. In addition to the breakthrough in
consumer robotics and smart lighting we made in 2022, future IoT development will focus on appliances for
elderly, cleaning robots and whole house smart management systems.

In January 2023, the Company established a rotary compressor joint venture with Shanghai Highly, a leading
manufacturer of residential compressors, to facilitate integrated R&D of our home air conditioning products.
In addition, we consolidated leadership with air-sourced heat pump & solar water heater solutions designed
to provide efficient alternative heating solutions for hotels, campuses and hospitals. Since 2006, we have
been developing magnetic centrifugal chiller in Chinese market since 2006. Compared to MRV systems, this
technology could increase COP/IPLV by 100% and we have been number one globally in magnetic chillers
for five consecutive years. The Company has also developed air levitation centrifugal chiller and integrated
energy management solutions, which will become solid foundation facilitating innovations in our global
commercial HVAC business.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   7
    Letter to Shareholders




    Aspired to be the global leader like refrigerator and washing machine businesses, our home and central air
    conditioner businesses ought to become the new pillar of future growth, while investments must continue in
    small appliance and kitchen appliance to grow R&D and supply chain competitiveness. We have established
    leadership in the more significant markets of China and the US, but our position and profitability demand
    further progress in other regions. The way forward is through relentless product innovation and brand
    building, during which process Haier Smart Home must remain committed to designing high quality and
    creative appliances that deliver user-centric experience. We must stay attuned to local markets and build a
    solid reputation with reliable and attentive services. This strategy also requires us to allocate our supply
    chain and distribution resource to cater for the characteristics of each product category, for instance, we do
    not necessarily have to make all of the small appliances in our own factories and digital applications online
    could be playing a more important role in marketing our small appliance.




8   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                      Letter to Shareholders




The new generation of consumers is demanding personalised and customised scenarios that integrate
appliances with home furnishings, thus unlocking significant business opportunities that inspired us to create
scenario-based project of Three-Winged Bird, specializing in redefining in-store experience by creating
immersive display of smart lighting, smart kitchen, smart air & temperature solution as well as water
management, all of which could be mixed & matched to suit personal taste. More importantly, we would like
this entire process to be efficient and transparent, and we are committed to being their trustworthy partner
in creating the smart home experience right from the beginning.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   9
     Letter to Shareholders




     It is rather lamentable that as companies grow bigger, they often lose touch with the latest trends and
     technological breakthroughs when the organization becomes too entwined with bureaucracy. In order to
     achieve long-standing prosperity, our next step is to make Haier a place that inspires young generation Z
     with dreams, to take pride in creating amazing value for our users, instead of burying their passion with
     frivolous details. Adopting a ‘start-up’ mindset is fundamental to the vitality of our organisation. We have
     initiated an internal debate trying to encourage practices that lead to operational excellence and eliminate
     those who don’t. I would like our marketing department to look beyond sales figures, and spend more time
     with our customers and focus on their future prospects in Haier’s ecosystem. I have tasked our product and
     scenario designers to better understand what end-users think of our products, and draw inspirations through
     user engagement. Decisions should be made based on critical consumer insights generated from sharing of
     market demand in a boundaryless organization. The next three years will see a determined drive to re-
     engineer the organisation, not only to improve operational efficiency, but to free up financial resources that
     will fuel investments in talents and technologies for the future.




10   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                      Letter to Shareholders




I feel a great sense of responsibility during this turbulent time, a bold transformation is what will position
Haier Smart Home better in value creation. Motivated by our winning spirit and guided by our goals, we look
forward to embarking upon this exciting journey to a brighter future.

Once again, I would like to thank all our shareholders for your trust and support as we embrace a
sustainable future together!




Li Huagang
Chairman

30 March 2023




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   11
     DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     The directors, supervisors and senior management of the Group during the year, and the directors at the
     reporting date are as follows:

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. LI Huagang (“Mr. LI”), aged 53, has been an Executive Director of the Company since June 2019 and
     the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since April 2019. He has been appointed as the Chairman of the
     Board since 28 June 2022. Mr. Li graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in
     Wuhan, the PRC in July 1991 with a Bachelor’s degree of Economics, and from China Europe International
     Business School in Shanghai, the PRC in January 2014 with a degree of Executive Master of Business
     Administration (EMBA).

     Mr. LI joined Haier in 1991 and served as the sales head of the Marketing and Promotion Division of Haier
     (海 爾 商 流 本 部 銷 售 事 業 部 長) and the general manager of China operations of the Company. From August
     2017 to March 2019, he served as the chief executive officer of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd.
     (hereinafter referred to as “Haier Electronics”, a listed company of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”), stock code: 1169 which was privatized and delisted on 23
     December 2020). Since March 2019, he has been appointed as an executive director of Haier Electronics.
     Mr. LI has extensive experience in the fields of corporate management, marketing, brand operation, and
     global business operation. Mr. LI currently serves as a director of various subsidiaries of the Group.

     Mr. LI vigorously promoted the change of the Company’s marketing channels and Casarte’s high-end brand
     strategy, which led to the increase in revenue of Haier Smart Home’s online and offline business; Mr. LI also
     actively led and implemented Haier Smart Home’s digital transformation strategy, promoting the Company’s
     cost optimization and operational efficiency improvement. In order to meet users’ needs for a better life
     upgrade from home appliances to smart home solutions, Mr. LI led and released the “Three-Winged Bird”
     scenario branding strategy to strengthen the construction of the Company’s IoT scenario and enhance the
     Company’s smart home scenario solution capability. In terms of global business operations, Mr. LI is actively
     involved in the management and operation of the Company’s overseas business, with significant operational
     results.

     Mr. LI has been honored with the 2015 China Home Appliance Marketing Leader (2015年中國家電營銷領袖
     人 物), the 2018 Outstanding Contribution Award for the Forty Years of China’s Household Appliance
     Industry Development (2018年 中 國 家 用 電 器 行 業 發 展 四 十 年 傑 出 貢 獻 獎), the 2019 China Top Ten Brand
     Person of the Year (2019中 國 十 大 品 牌 年 度 人 物), and 2021 Taishan Industry Leading Talent.

     Mr. GONG Wei (“Mr. GONG”), aged 48, Vice-president, has been appointed as an Executive Director of the
     Company since 28 June 2022. He has been the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since January 2010
     and a Vice General Manager of the Company since April 2013. Mr. GONG joined the Group in July 1994,
     and has held various positions, including successively serving as the head of finance of Haier Refrigerator
     Co., Ltd. from July 1994 to August 1999; the financial manager of Haier Northern China Business
     Development Division (海 爾 商 流 華 北 事 業 部) from August 1999 to March 2001; the chief financial officer of
     Haier White Goods Group (海 爾 白 電 集 團) from April 2001 to June 2008. Mr. Gong currently serves as the
     director of various subsidiaries of the Group.




12   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. GONG obtained a degree of Executive Master of Business Administration from the University of
International Business and Economics in Beijing, the PRC in December 2011. Mr. GONG was granted
honorary titles such as “Labour Model of Qingdao City (2012–2014)” in 2015 and “National Outstanding
Accounting Workers (全 國 優 秀 會 計 工 作 者)” in December 2005, and received several awards, including Top
Ten CFOs in China by “New Money” Magazine (《新理財雜誌》) in April 2012, and 2020 International Finance
Leaders of the Year in China. Mr. GONG was admitted as a fellow of The Chartered Institute of
Management Accountants in March 2020.

Mr. LIANG Haishan (“Mr. LIANG”), aged 56, has been the Chairman of the Board since April 2013 and an
Executive Director of the Company since June 2007. He has retired as an Executive Director and the
Chairman of the Board since 28 June 2022.

Mr. LIANG also currently serves as the deputy chairman of the board of directors of Haier Group
Corporation (and together with its subsidiaries hereafter “Haier Group”), president of Haier Group, and
director of certain subsidiaries of Haier Group. He was appointed as a non-executive director of Haier
Electronics since November 2009.

Mr. LIANG has over 20 years of experience in the manufacture of household electrical appliances,
particularly in raw material procurement function and white goods business. His primary working experience
includes: serving as the head of the quality department of Qingdao Haier Refrigerator Co., Ltd., our
predecessor entity, from August 1993 to August 1994; serving as the general manager of Qingdao Haier Air
Conditioner Gen Corp., Ltd. from October 1995 to August 1999; successively serving as an executive
director of Haier Electronics from December 2001 to November 2009; serving as the Vice Chairman of the
Board from June 2007 to April 2013; serving as the general manager of the Company from June 2007 to
April 2019.

Mr. LIANG obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Industry, and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from
Xi’an Jiaotong University in Xi’an, the PRC in July 1988 and December 2009, respectively. Mr. LIANG was
named one of the Top 10 Leaders in China Strategic Emerging Industries (十 大 中 國 戰 略 性 新 興 產 業 領 軍 人
物 獎) by China Strategic Emerging Industry Development Forum (中 國 戰 略 性 新 興 產 業 發 展 論 壇) in May
2012 and obtained the Outstanding Leadership Award of the National Light Industry Enterprise Information
(全 國 輕 工 業 企 業 信 息 化 優 秀 領 導 獎) from the China Light Industry Federation (中 國 輕 工 業 聯 合 會) in
September 2012. He also received the Prize of Technology Advancement for China Household Appliances
(中 國 家 電 科 技 進 步 獎) in October 2013, the 2017 Forbes China Best CEO of Listed Company (2017年 福 布
斯中國上市公司最佳CEO) in July 2017, and the 2017 Taishan Industry Leading Talent of Shandong Province
(2017年 山 東 省 泰 山 產 業 領 軍 人 才) in December 2017.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   13
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. XIE Juzhi (“Mr. XIE”), aged 56, has been appointed as an Executive Director of the Company since 5
     March 2021. He has retired as an Executive Director of the Company since 28 June 2022. Mr. XIE
     graduated from Shandong University of Finance and Economics in July 1989 with a bachelor’s degree, and
     joined Haier Group Corporation in the same year. Mr. XIE has experience in whole-process product
     management, product-wide services and product-wide marketing. Mr. XIE had held senior positions in
     Electrothermal Division of the Haier Group Corporation and East China Marketing and Promotion Division of
     the Haier Group Corporation, and served as the Corporate General Manager of the Customer Services of the
     Haier Group Corporation since August 2002. Since July 2012, he has been the Vice President of Haier
     Group Corporation, and he has been in charge of Haier Group Corporation’s integration of community sales
     services in first and second-tier cities, and developing the online and offline sales of new household
     products. From December 2015, he has been managing the newly developed business segments of Haier
     Group Corporation, including water purification, logistics, Haier home and Gooday services and has started
     to concurrently manage the water heater business since 2019. Mr. XIE was appointed as the Chief
     Executive Officer and an Executive Director of Haier Electronics since March 2019. Since April 2021, he is
     responsible for supervising the smart living appliances segment. He is currently responsible for supervising
     the intelligent industrial platform. Mr. XIE currently serves as a director of various subsidiaries of our Group.
     Mr. XIE was awarded honorary titles including the Gold Award of Outstanding Contribution Award of China’s
     Home Appliance Services Industry (中 國 家 電 服 務 行 業 突 出 貢 獻 獎 金 獎) and Outstanding Entrepreneur of
     Shandong Province (山 東 省 優 秀 企 業 家).

     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (“Ms. SHAO”), aged 52, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company
     and Vice Chairman of the Board since 28 June 2022. Ms. SHAO graduated from the University of
     International Business and Economics with a degree of Executive Master of Business Administration. She is
     currently the vice president and chief financial officer of Haier Group. Ms. SHAO adheres to the goal of
     innovation and value-enhancement, empowering the high-quality development of the industry, and
     comprehensively builds the group’s financial ecosystem through financial strategy formulation, financial
     system construction and operation, asset management, capital operation and other financial full value chain
     management. In 2000, Ms. SHAO served as the chief accountant of Haier Air Conditioning Division and the
     general manager of the strategy center of Haier Group’s financial management department. In 2007, Ms.
     SHAO established the first financial sharing center in the home appliance industry, pioneering the “cloud +
     end” financial management innovation model with Chinese characteristics to provide enterprises with
     comprehensive financial best solutions, becoming one of the industry benchmarks and winning the first prize
     of the National Enterprise Management Modernization Innovation Achievement. In 2019, Ms. SHAO was
     appointed as the vice president of Haier Group and the operator of the Big Sharing Empowerment Platform.
     In 2020, Ms. SHAO was appointed as vice president and chief financial officer of Haier Group. Ms. SHAO
     has been honored as “National Advanced Accounting Worker (全 國 先 進 會 計 工 作 者)”, “Qingdao Top Talent
     (青 島 市 拔 尖 人 才)”, “ACCA Outstanding Achievement Award (ACCA卓 越 成 就 獎)” and “IMA Outstanding
     Contribution Leader in Management Accounting (IMA管 理 會 計 卓 越 貢 獻 領 袖)” over the years.




14   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. YU Hon To, David (“Mr. YU”), aged 75, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the
Company since 5 March 2021. Mr. YU holds a Bachelor of Social Science degree from The Chinese
University of Hong Kong. Mr. YU is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales
and an Associate Member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is a chartered
accountant with over 40 years’ experience in the fields of auditing, corporate finance (including advisory on
IPO, mergers & acquisitions and financial restructuring), financial investigation and corporate governance. Mr.
YU was formerly a partner of Coopers & Lybrand (now merged as PricewaterhouseCoopers) in Hong Kong
with extensive experience in the corporate finance advisory assignments in Greater China for Hong Kong
corporations, private equity groups and multinationals. Mr. YU also served as an independent non-executive
director and the chairman of the audit committee of Haier Electronics, a subsidiary of the Company, till its
privatization in December 2020.

Mr. YU had served various public offices including being a member of the Listing Committee of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange from 1992 to 1995, a member of the Investment Committee and the Audit Committee
of Employees Retraining Board (established under the Employees Retraining Ordinance of Hong Kong) from
1999 to 2020, and a member of the Board of Review (established under Inland Revenue Ordinance of Hong
Kong) from 2006 to 2012. Mr. YU is currently an independent non-executive director of several other
companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, namely One Media Group Limited (stock code: 426),
Playmates Toys Limited (stock code: 869), China Resources Gas Group Limited (stock code: 1193), Keck
Seng Investments (Hong Kong) Limited (stock code: 184) and MS Group Holdings Limited (stock code:
1451). During the past three years, he was also an independent non-executive director of New Century
Asset Management Limited (the manager of New Century Real Estate Investment Trust) (stock code: 1275),
China Renewable Energy Investment Limited (stock code: 987), Playmates Holdings Limited (stock code:
635), and Media Chinese International Limited (stock code: 685).

Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun (name that also commonly used is “Mrs. Eva CHENG LI Kam Fun”) (“Ms. Eva LI Kam
Fun”), aged 70, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company since 5 March 2021. Ms.
Eva LI Kam Fun graduated from the University of Hong Kong with Bachelor of Arts (Hons) and Master of
Business Administration degrees. She was conferred with the degree of Doctor of Business Administration,
honoris causa, from the Open University of Hong Kong in 2014. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun currently also serves
as an independent non-executive director of Nestle S.A, a publicly listed company on the SIX Swiss
Exchange. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun also served as an independent non-executive director of Haier Electronics, a
subsidiary of the Company, till its privatization on December 2020. She also had been the president of Our
Hong Kong Foundation from 2015 to 2022. Prior to joining the Our Hong Kong Foundation, Ms. Eva LI Kam
Fun had a distinguished career that spanned 34 years with Amway Corporation. When she retired in 2011,
she held the concurrent positions of Executive Vice President of Amway Corporation and Executive
Chairman of Amway China Co. Ltd. responsible for Amway Greater China & Southeast Asia Region. During
the last three years, Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun had also been an independent non-executive director of Amcor
Limited (a company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange) from 2014 to 2019, and an independent
non-executive director of Trinity Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange) (Stock Code: 891) from 2011 to 2020. Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun’s leadership was well recognised in
the business community. She was twice named the “World’s 100 Most Powerful Women” by Forbes
Magazine in 2008 and 2009. CNBC awarded Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun with the “China Talent Management
Award” in its 2007 China Business Leaders Awards. In the areas of public and social service, Ms. Eva LI
Kam Fun is deputy secretary-general of the Hong Kong Coalition, honorary president of the All-China
Women’s Federation, honorary president of the Hong Kong Federation of Women, permanent honorary
director of The Chinese General Chamber of Commerce, court member of the Open University of Hong
Kong, and a member of the Xiqu Centre advisory panel of West Kowloon Cultural District Authority.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   15
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. WU Changqi (“Mr. WU”), aged 67, has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since April 2013.
     He has retired as a Non-executive Director of the Company since 28 June 2022. He is currently the
     executive vice president of Academy of Development Strategy for National High-Tech Industry Zones, Peking
     University (北京大學國家高新技術產業開發區發展戰略研究院) and the dean of the School of management
     of Shandong University. Mr. WU currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Tianneng Co.,
     Ltd. (天能電池集團股份有限公司, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688819))
     since February 2019, and an independent non-executive director of Shenwan Hongyuan Group Co., Ltd. (申
     萬 宏 源 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 06806) and
     Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000166)) since May 2021. Mr. WU has over 25 years of experience
     in research and studies in high-tech industry, business administration and corporate management. Mr. WU’s
     previous working experience primarily include: serving as an assistant professor and associate professor of
     the Department of Economics of School of Business and Management of Hong Kong University of Science
     and Technology from September 1991 to August 2001; a professor of Guanghua School of Management of
     Peking University from September 2001 to July 2018; a director of the Department of Strategic Management
     of Guanghua School of Management of Peking University from September 2001 to December 2010; a
     director of the EMBA degree programme centre of Guanghua School of Management of Peking University
     from August 2002 to December 2010; a deputy dean of Guanghua School of Management of Peking
     University from February 2003 to December 2010.

     Mr. WU obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Economics in political economics from Shandong University in
     Jinan, the PRC in July 1982, and a Master’s degree of Business Administration in February 1986 and a
     Doctoral degree in applied economics from Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in Belgium in October 1990.

     Mr. LIN Sui (“Mr. LIN”), aged 65, has been a Non-executive Director of the Company since June 2019. He
     has retired as a Non-executive Director of the Company since 28 June 2022. Mr. LIN joined Deloitte &
     Touche as a tax consultant in January 1993. He was transferred to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu China in
     January 2002 and served as a partner in Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu China from June 2002 to May 2019,
     during which he also served as a board member of the Deloitte China practice between September 2008
     and May 2012. Mr. LIN is an external master’s tutor of School of Economics, Fudan University since 2012,
     an external master’s tutor of School of Public Economics and Administration, Shanghai University of Finance
     and Economics since 2008. Mr. LIN has around 30 years of experience in accounting, tax and corporate
     management.

     Mr. LIN obtained a Master’s degree of Business Administration in Accounting and a Master’s degree of
     Science in Taxation from Baruch College of The City University of New York, the United States in December
     1992 and May 1996, respectively. Mr. LIN is a Certified Public Accountant of New York State, the United
     States of America, and a member of American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




16   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                      Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (“Mr. CHIEN”), aged 69, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
Company since June 2019. He currently serves as a director of ENN Group Co., Ltd. Mr. CHIEN has over
15 years of experience in business administration and corporate management. Mr. CHIEN worked for over
10 years at International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”) group of companies until 2015, achieving
various senior management roles before his retirement by the end of 2015. In addition to his experience in
business corporations, Mr. CHIEN has served as a professor of Management Practice and a member of the
Teaching Steering Committee of the third session of the Executive Education Project at the School of
Business of Renmin University of China since January 2019.

Mr. CHIEN received a Bachelor of Science from the Department of Mathematics of Tamkang College of Arts
and Science (currently known as Tamkang University of Taiwan) in June 1975.

Mr. WONG Hak Kun (“Mr. WONG”), aged 66, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the
Company since June 2020. He currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Yue Yuen
Industrial Holdings (Limited) (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00551))
since June 2018, an independent non-executive director of Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited (a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00255)) since June 2018, an independent
non-executive director of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange (stock code: 02238) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601238)) since May
2020, and an independent non-executive director of Hangzhou SF Intra-City Industrial Co., Ltd (a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock code: 9699)) since December 2021. During the past three
years, he was also an independent non-executive director of Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company
Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01743)). Mr. WONG has over 36
years of experience in auditing, assurance and management. Mr. WONG worked in Deloitte China from July
1980 to May 2017, during which he was a partner since 1992. Mr. WONG also served as a member of
Deloitte China’s Governance Board from June 2000 to May 2008. Prior to his retirement from Deloitte China
in May 2017, he was Deloitte China’s National Managing Partner of Audit & Assurance.

Mr. WONG received a Bachelor’s degree of social science from the University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong
in November 1980. He is an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA)
since December 1983, an associate of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) since
September 1983, an associate of The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in United
Kingdom since April 1984, and an associate of the Chartered Institute Management Accountants (CIMA)
since June 1990.

Mr. LI Shipeng (“Mr. LI”), aged 56, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since
5 March 2021. Mr. LI holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree from University of Science and Technology of
China, and a PhD degree from Lehigh University, USA. Mr. LI has extensive experience in areas such as
Internet of Things technology, and artificial intelligence. Mr. LI is currently the Director of the Applied
Intelligence of Suzhou Industrial Technology Research Institute. Prior to that, he served as the Chief
Researcher and Deputy Dean of Microsoft Research Asia, Chief Technology Officer of Cogobuy Group, Vice
President of iFlytek Group, and the Executive President of Shenzhen Institute of Artificial Intelligence and
Robotics.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   17
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. LI is a member of the International Eurasian Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the International
     Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE fellow). He was listed as one of the world’s top 1,000
     computer scientists by Guide2Research and ranked top 20 in Mainland China in 2020. Mr. LI is a renowned
     expert in areas such as internet, computer vision, cloud computing, Internet of Things and artificial
     intelligence.

     Mr. WU Qi (“Mr. WU Qi”), aged 55, has been an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since
     25 June 2021. Mr. WU Qi graduated from Zhejiang University with a Bachelor’s degree majoring in national
     economic management in 1990, thereafter he graduated from Renmin University of China with an on-the-job
     Master’s degree majoring in Money and Banking in 1995 and China Europe International Business School
     with an EMBA in 2002, respectively. He has 25 years of work and management experience in world-class
     management and consulting companies. He served as the vice president (Global) and vice chairman (Greater
     China) of Accenture, and the chairman of Shun Zhe Technology Development Co., Ltd. He was a member
     and the president (Greater China) of Roland Berger’s Global Management Committee, a member of Roland
     Berger’s Global Supervisory Board. He was a senior consultant for Foxconn’s D sub-business group
     strategy and intelligent manufacturing and a consultant of Xnode, a famous accelerator for startups, and
     non-executive director of Grinm Advanced Materials Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
     Exchange, stock code: 600206.SH) (resigned in April 2018). He was awarded 2015 Outstanding Talent in
     Jing’an District, Shanghai. Mr. WU Qi’s past experience in consulting industry involves transportation/
     logistics, high-tech manufacturing, tourism, finance, consumer goods, real estate, government departments
     and other industries. His has extensive experience in fields such as development strategy, organizational
     change, sales and brand strategy, corporate innovation, digital transformation and intelligent manufacturing,
     post-merger integration, regional industrial and economic development and upgrading. He is a well-known
     expert in Industry 4.0, transportation and regional planning and development in the PRC. He served as a
     consultant for Hangzhou Bay Development Planning, a member of the Intelligent Manufacturing Expert
     Committee of the Shenzhen Municipal Government, deputy head of the 13th Five-Year Planning Expert
     Committee of Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, vice chairman of China Cold Chain Alliance and other social
     positions.

     SUPERVISORS
     Mr. LIU Dalin (“Mr. LIU”), aged 42, has been the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company
     since 25 June 2021. He holds master’s degree in business administration from Renmin University of China.
     He is a senior engineer. From August 2005 to September 2010, he served as a designer of water heater
     department at Haier Group, an assistant R&D engineer, a R&D engineer and a R&D manager of the electric
     heating department of Haier Group successively. From September 2010 to October 2015, he was the
     deputy secretary of the Youth League Committee of Haier Group. From October 2015 to October 2020, he
     was the deputy secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of Haier Group. From October 2020 to June 2022,
     he has been serving as the executive deputy secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of Haier Group. From
     June 2022 to date, he serves as a member of the Party Committee, chairman of the Supervisory Committee
     and head of the organization department of Haier Group.

     Ms. MA Yingjie (“Ms. MA”), aged 53, has been a Supervisor of the Company since 25 June 2021. She is
     an assistant officer specialising on society matters. She once served as the secretary of the Youth League
     Committee of the Company, the secretary of the trade union of the Company, the contact person of the
     customer service department of Qingdao Haier Dishwasher Co., Ltd. Currently, she is the head of Society
     and Community department of the Company.




18   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. YU Miao (“Mr. YU”), aged 39, has been an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since
January 2019. He joined our Company in April 2012 and has since then served as the legal manager of our
Company, mainly in charge of management of legal affairs.

Mr. YU obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Law from Jinan University in Jinan, the PRC in July 2005, and a
Master’s degree of Law in economics law from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in Dalian, the
PRC in December 2008. Mr. YU passed the PRC bar exam and obtained the PRC lawyer qualification (non-
practising) certificate in February 2008.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The following personnel are appointed as Vice-presidents of the Company.

Mr. GONG Wei. See “EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS”.

Mr. XIE Juzhi. See “EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS”.

Mr. LI Pan (“Mr. LI”), aged 46, Vice-president, graduated from Wuhan University in 1997 and obtained the
double degree in economics and international business administration. He joined Haier Group in 1997 and
currently serves as the general manager of the overseas platform of the Company. Mr. LI has held various
positions in Haier Group, including serving as the assistant director of the Asia-Pacific Division, the manager
of the Haier ASEAN Center, the manager of the Overseas Brands Marketing Center, the manager of the
Overseas Strategic Center and the director on the operation of overseas markets. He has held important
positions of the overseas platform of Haier Group since 2004 with extensive frontline management
experience in product planning, brand marketing, market exploration and corporate operation.

Mr. ZHAO Yanfeng (“Mr. ZHAO”), aged 45, Vice-president, graduated from Tianjin Institute of Light Industry
with a bachelor’s degree in mechanical and electrical engineering in 2001 and received a degree of EMBA
from Renmin University of China in 2019. Mr. ZHAO joined Haier Smart Home in 2001 and is currently the
general manager of Haier’s refrigeration business. Since joining Haier Smart Home, Mr. ZHAO has held
various positions such as its regional branch general manager, general manager of domestic market of
refrigeration industry, and general manager of the refrigeration business in China. He possess whole-process
management experience in product planning, research and development, manufacturing and marketing.

Mr. LI Yang (“Mr. LI”), aged 46, Vice-president, graduated from Qingdao University of Science & Technology
in 1998 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in fine chemical engineering. He obtained a degree of Executive
Master of Business Administration (EMBA) from Xi’an Jiaotong University in 2022. Mr. LI joined Haier Group
in 1998 and currently serves as the general manager of the washing machine business and the internet of
clothing platform of Haier. Mr. LI has held various positions in Haier Group, including serving as the
manufacturing director and the general manager of the internet of clothing platform. He has held important
positions of the internet of clothing platform of Haier since 2008 and has been engaged in the quality and
systemic management of washing machines, production and manufacturing and other relevant management
works. The ecological platform of the internet of clothing incubated by the team under his leadership was
awarded the first prize for “Innovation Results in Modern Management of National Light Industry Enterprises”
(全 國 輕 工 業 企 業 管 理 現 代 化 創 新 成 果) in 2019. He received the “Most Promising Entrepreneur in Qingdao
in 2018”, the “Advanced Individual in Management Innovation of National Light Industry Enterprises” and
other honors.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   19
     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. SONG Yujun (“Mr. SONG”), aged 47, Vice-president, graduated from Shandong University of
     Technology with a bachelor’s degree in equipment engineering and management in 1998 and received a
     degree of EMBA from Tsinghua University in 2015. He joined Haier in 1998 and has served as general
     manager of Haier’s overseas promotion department, director and general manager of Haier Pakistan,
     executive director of Haier India, director of Haier’s South Asia and Southeast Asia oversea region, vice
     president of Haier Home Appliance Industry Group, etc. He has held various important positions in Haier
     Overseas since 1998 and has rich experience in product, manufacturing, R&D, marketing and sales. He has
     been awarded various honors such as Qingdao Model Worker (青 島 市 勞 動 模 範), Qingdao Top Professional
     and Technical Talent (青 島 市 專 業 技 術 拔 尖 人 才), Qingdao High-level Service Talent (青 島 高 層 次 服 務 人 才)
     and other honorary titles. He is currently the general manager of Haier air-conditioning business.

     Mr. GUAN Jiangyong (“Mr. GUAN”), aged 44, Vice-president, graduated from the Northeast Electric Power
     University in 2001 and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in execution information system. Mr. GUAN joined Haier
     Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the water heater business and the internet of
     water platform of Haier. Mr. GUAN has been engaged in product management in industry and trade
     markets, production and manufacturing, product marketing and industrial pipeline management and served
     as a regional general manager, the market director on the water heater business and the general manager of
     the internet of water platform and the water heater business. He possesses whole-process management
     experience in product manufacturing, marketing, corporate planning management and industrial platforms.

     Mr. WU Yong (“Mr. WU”), aged 44, Vice-president, graduated from Tianjin College of Commerce in 2001
     and obtained a Bachelor’s degree in heat supply, ventilation and air-conditioning engineering. He obtained
     the double degree of EMBA from the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University and the
     INSEAD in 2015. Mr. WU joined Haier Group in 2001 and currently serves as the general manager of the
     kitchen appliances and household appliances businesses and the internet of food platform of the Company.
     Mr. WU has served as the general manager of the PRC Region on manufacturing and production of
     refrigerators, overseas marketing and the air-conditioning business since joining the Group and possesses
     whole-process management experience in manufacturing, marketing and industrial platforms.

     Mr. HUANG Xiao Wu (“Mr. HUANG”), aged 45, Vice-president, graduated from the College of Photoelectric
     Engineering, Chongqing University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in 1998, and graduated from the
     Faculty of Business and Economics of The University of Hong Kong with a master’s degree in business
     administration in 2004. Mr. HUANG has over 20 years of extensive work experience in commercial banking,
     strategic investment, industrial funds, corporate finance and capital market operation, where he participated
     in and led major strategic investment and financing projects in the areas of marketing channels, logistics,
     home appliances and technology industries. Mr. Huang has been appointed as Vice-president of the
     Company since 2021, and is responsible for the Company’s affairs on such as investor relations, capital
     market, equity financing, strategic investment. He also serves as the director of the ESG Executive Office at
     Haier Smart Home. Prior to above, Mr. HUANG served as the deputy general manager of Haier Electronics.
     Prior to joining Haier Group, he worked in the Ningbo branch and Shanghai branch of Industrial and
     Commercial Bank of China, Investment Banking Division of Guosen Securities, Anglo Chinese Investment
     Banking Group (英 高 投 資 銀 行 集 團) and other institutions.




20   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Ms. MING Guozhen (“Ms. MING”), aged 58, has been a Vice General Manager of the Company since May
2008 and the Board Secretary since April 2009. Ms. MING has retired as the above positions since 28 June
2022. Ms. MING joined Haier in August 2007 and served as the business director and merger & acquisition
director of the Haier Asset Operation Division (海 爾 資 產 運 營 事 業 部) from August 2007 to May 2008. Prior
to that, her previous working experience primarily includes: serving as a lecturer of investment department
and a deputy director of the Teaching and Research Office of investment department of China Institute of
Finance and Banking (中 國 金 融 學 院) from July 1986 to January 1992; successively serving as salesman,
manager, assistant to the general manager in Everbright Bank of China International Trust and Investment
Corp. (中國光大國際信託投資公司) from January 1992 to September 1998; serving as the vice president of
Everbright International Investment Consulting Corporation (光 大 國 際 投 資 諮 詢 公 司) from October 1998 to
December 2000; serving as director of the general office of Analyst Professional Committee (分 析 師 專 業 委
員 會), deputy director of the department of association qualification management (協 會 資 格 管 理 部) and
deputy director of Association Practitioner Standard Committee (協 會 執 業 標 準 委 員 會) of Securities
Association of China from January 2001 to August 2007.

Ms. MING obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Economics in Sichuan Finance and Economics College (四 川 財
經學院, currently known as Southwestern University of Finance and Economics (西南財經大學)) in Chengdu,
the PRC in 1986, and a Master’s degree of Economics in Southwestern University of Finance and
Economics in Chengdu, the PRC in 1990. She obtained the title of lecturer granted by the People’s Bank of
China in June 1992, qualification of economist and senior economist granted by the Senior Professional
Technical Function Evaluation Committee of China Everbright (Group) Corporation in May 1993 and
November 1994, respectively, and the qualification of board secretary granted by the Shanghai Stock
exchange in November 2008. Ms. MING was awarded as a member of “Golden Model Board Secretary
Celebrities House (金 牌 董 秘 名 人 堂)” at the 12th session of New Finance Election in June 2016.

Ms. WANG Li (“Ms. WANG”), aged 57, Vice-president. She retired from all positions in the Group in April
2022. Ms. Wang graduated from Qingdao University of Science & Technology in 1986 and obtained a
Bachelor’s degree in heat supply, ventilation and air-conditioning engineering. She obtained a Master’s
degree in business administration from Renmin University of China in June 2013. Ms. Wang joined Haier
Group (Qingdao Air-conditioner Company) in 1988 and had held various positions, including the general
manager of Haier’s central air-conditioner business, the general manager of Haier’s residential facilities
business and the general manager of Haier’s air business. Ms. WANG had held important positions in the
air-conditioner department of Haier since 1988 with management experience in products and marketing. Ms.
WANG has served various industrial positions, including a member of China Refrigeration and Air-
Conditioning Industry Association. Ms. WANG was granted special government subsidy from the State
Council, and was awarded the Outstanding Entrepreneur in Light Industry in Shandong Province, the Labor
Model of Qingdao City, the Outstanding Talent in Professional Technology in Qingdao City and other
honorary titles.

Ms. LIU Xiaomei (“Ms. LIU”), aged 37, appointed as the Board Secretary of the Company since June 2022.
She graduated from the Law School of Minzu University of China with a double bachelor’s degree in law
and literature in 2009, and graduated from the Department of International Law of the China Foreign Affairs
University with a master’s degree in international law in 2011, and is qualified to practice law in China. Ms.
LIU joined the Haier in June 2015 and has been in charge of legal and compliance matters of corporate
governance, capital market, M&A and corporate finance at Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. and the
Company. Prior to joining Haier, Ms. LIU worked for Jingtian & Gongcheng (law firm) in Beijing. Ms. LIU has
had extensive work experience in corporate governance, capital market, industrial fund, and investment and
financing.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   21
     BUSINESS REVIEW




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS
     In 2022, the Company realized sales revenue of RMB243.485 billion, representing an increase of 7.2% from
     2021. Revenue growth was driven by: (1) the strengths of high-end brands which enhanced user value,
     along with the promotion of Three-Winged Bird brand that boosted sales of scenario-based product sets
     and increased transaction value; (2) overseas market expansions leveraging globalised supply chain and R&D
     platforms as well as in-depth market network to launch leading products and improve price index; (3) the
     development of new product categories including tumble dryers, dishwashers, heat pumps and home
     cleaning robots.

     In 2022, net profit attributable to the owners of the Company amounted to RMB14.711 billion, representing
     a growth of 12.5% from 2021. (1) Gross profit margin remained flat to 2021 at 30.6%, domestic gross
     margin expansion was driven by product mix upgrade, development of globalised platforms, digitalization in
     procurement and R&D, as well as lower commodities prices in the second half of the year; the overseas
     market recorded minor gross margin contraction as the benefits of better product mix and price increases
     was offset by cost pressure related to rising commodities prices. (2) The Group’s ratio of selling and
     distribution expenses in 2022 to its revenue was 15.9%, representing a reduction of 0.2 percentage points
     as compared to 2021. The optimization of selling expense ratio was driven by implementation of digital
     initiatives to enhance operational efficiency in marketing, logistics and warehouses. (3) The Group’s ratio of
     administrative expense in 2022 to its revenue was 8.9%, which remained flat to 2021 at 8.9%. On the one
     hand, the Group accelerated the transformation of digital operation, optimizing business processes and
     enhancing organizational efficiency by adopting the digital platform throughout the whole process, which
     contributed to the optimization of the administrative expense ratio by 0.2 percentage points; on the other
     hand, the Group increased its investment in the research and development of IoT technologies, big data
     applications and energy-efficient technologies, which enhanced its competitiveness in artificial intelligence and
     led to an increase in the administrative expense ratio by 0.2 percentage points.

     Net cash flow from operating activities in 2022 was RMB20.153 billion, operations remained solid with net
     cash flow to net profit ratio reached 1.37, attributable to improved working capital management in China.




22   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China
      In 2022, revenue of smart home business in China grew by 4.6% from 2021 reaching RMB126.359
      billion, the growth was attributable to ① market share gains from outperforming the industry in
      refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, and water heaters; ② distribution network expansion
      to capture strong momentum from e-commerce and franchised stores; ③ increased sales of product
      sets with higher average ticket price from Three-Winged Bird scenario-based solutions; ④ enhanced
      user engagement and conversions through providing services and design solutions in first and second
      tier markets, and offering door-to-door services to rural households.

      1.   Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions
           (1) Refrigerator and Freezer Business
               In 2022, refrigerator business achieved sales revenue of RMB43.182 billion, representing an
               increase of 3.5% year-on-year. According to CMM, the Company’s retail share of
               refrigerators went up 2.5 percentage points to 43.9% offline; and increased 0.5 percentage
               points to 39.2% online.

                 The Company spearheaded industry development in food preservation, large-volume
                 products and connectivity. The Company served a variety of user needs through brand
                 portfolio of Casarte, Haier and Leader. (1) Leveraging breakthroughs in built-in design,
                 structural configuration and heat dissipation technology, Casarte was able to introduce
                 seamless built-in range and achieved 180% revenue growth from its built-in refrigerators
                 during the reporting period. (2) Featuring cutting-edge freshness preservation and
                 refrigeration technologies, more than one million units of Haier full-space freshness
                 preservation refrigerator were sold, including Boguan (博觀) series, could maintain humidity
                 level at 90% in the refrigerator zone with zero temperature fluctuations in the freezer,
                 allowing ingredients to stay fresh for 7 and 15 additional days in the chilled and frozen
                 sections compared to ordinary refrigerators, over 50,000 units were sold in its first year on
                 the market at an average price of over RMB15,000.

                 During the reporting period, freezer business achieved a revenue growth of 11% partly
                 driven by the introduction of large-size upright freezers designed for home use. In May
                 2022, Haier’s upright freezer was awarded the highest honour of recognition by Stiftung
                 Warentest, Germany’s leading consumer testing institution. Meanwhile, revenue of
                 commercial freezers also grew by 19%.

                 Export business
                 The Company focused on brand premiumisation and product innovation featuring large
                 multi-door refrigerators and freshness preservation technology to expand market share
                 overseas. In Europe, Haier ranked first in large multi-door refrigerators with market share of
                 over 40%. In Japan, the Company launched ultra-thin large-volume TZ freezer series,
                 boosting market share of large refrigerators by 4.6 percentage points to 43%. In Vietnam,
                 market share of high-end large refrigerators reached 40%.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   23
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           1.     Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (continued)
                  (2) Kitchen appliance business
                      In 2022, kitchen appliance segment recorded sales revenue of RMB3.764 billion, a
                      year-on-year increase of 7.7% and Casarte’s revenue contribution continued to increase.
                      According to CMM, the Company’s offline retail share of kitchen appliances rose 1.4
                      percentage points year-on-year to 8.4%, ranking top three in the industry for the first time.

                         The Company launched a series of innovative products that were well-received by the
                         market. Casarte’s constant air volume range hood was equipped with wind pressure sensor
                         and automatic fan adjustment, to provide strong ventilation and efficient extraction, while
                         reducing noise level by 5dB to 43dB. Casarte’s ovens created self-cooking technology at
                         300° C, a pizza could be cooked within three minutes, and baking is automatically
                         stopped once the food is ready. This product ranked first in market share among ovens
                         priced above RMB11,000. Casarte’s dishwashers featuring drawer-style compartments
                         equipped with large-diameter spray arm that rinsed dishes at 360° to achieve thorough
                         cleaning. During the reporting period, revenue of Casarte’s dishwashers recorded double-
                         digit revenue growth.

                         Export business
                         Export revenue grew 25% in 2022. In addition, the Company continued making effort to
                         increase in-house production and improve operational efficiency.

           2.     Household Laundry Management Solutions
                  During the reporting period, the Company’s washing machine business achieved sales revenue of
                  RMB31.614 billion, a year-on-year increase of 3.1%. According to CMM, the Company’s offline
                  retail share of washing machines rose 1.8 percentage points to 46.0%, and retail share stayed
                  flat at 40.4% online. Retail share of tumble dryers increased 6.4 percentage points to 39.3%
                  offline and 6 percentage points to 31% online.

                  The Company has strengthened high-end washing machine market leadership through product
                  innovation. (1) Casarte’s Zhongzihemei (中 子 和 美) washer & dryer combo integrated washing,
                  drying and clothes caring with real-time data sharing during each process. It was designed to
                  reduce creases, wear & tear, and consume less energy. (2) Haier brand is committed to
                  developing innovative technologies that enhance energy and water efficiency. Its Essence Wash
                  washing machine was equipped with a premix compartment and high-pressure spraying
                  technology to achieve powerful stain removal and reduce wear & tear by pre-mixing detergent.
                  More than 200,000 units have been sold within three months since its launch. The Company also
                  captured new opportunities in tumble dryers with revenue growth of over 80% in 2022. Casarte
                  Xiannuo (纖 諾) dryer helped grow the Company’s market share in units above RMB10,000 to
                  46.6%.




24   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
      2.   Household Laundry Management Solutions (continued)
           Export Business
           The Company focused on product upgrade and user interaction to enhance experience. Despite
           industry-wide weakness, IoL data indicates that the Company still managed to grow export
           revenue by 4%, by capturing energy efficiency market opportunities with swift upgrade of entire
           washing machine range to energy efficiency Class A in Europe; in Japan, heat pump and
           front-load washer combo contributed to the 50% revenue growth.

      3.   Air and Energy Solutions
           During the reporting period, the Company’s air and energy solution business realized sales
           revenue of RMB33.944 billion, up 5.5% year-on-year.

           (1)   Home air conditioner business
                 During the reporting period, home air conditioner business achieved significant market share
                 increase by consolidating distribution network, boosting distributor and user reputation,
                 increasing in-house components production, and accelerating supply chain integration.
                 According to CMM, offline retail share rose 2.8 percentage points year-on-year to 19.5% in
                 2022, and retail share increased 0.8 percentage points year-on-year to 14.4% online. In
                 addition, retail share in the high-end market (wall-mounted units priced above RMB4,000
                 and standing units priced above RMB10,000) grew 3.9 percentage points, reaching 24.2%.

                 The Company capitalised on the development of home central air-conditioners by improving
                 design, installation and service standards, while enhancing distributors’ service capabilities
                 through trainings to garner consumer goodwill. According to China IoL, the Company’s
                 market share of home central air-conditioners increased 0.25 percentage points
                 year-on-year to 14.7% in 2022.

                 The Company strived to provide users with healthier, more comfortable, energy-efficient
                 and environmentally friendly air solutions by utilizing IoT technologies. For example,
                 Casarte’s Yunding (雲 鼎) deluxe air conditioners could wash and purify air through a
                 19-layer water curtain, effectively removing seven types of pollutants including formaldehyde
                 and PM2.5. It is also equipped with Smart Home system that could identify users and
                 surrounding environment in order to provide customized and personal temperature settings.

                 The Company created immersive experience to improve store traffic conversion by
                 demonstrating technological strengths in cooling and heating efficiency, ultra-low noise, and
                 health benefits. The Company also increased average contribution of individual models by
                 streamlining SKUs and increasing the volume of each order.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   25
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           3.     Air and Energy Solutions (continued)
                  (1) Home air conditioner business (continued)
                       The Company strengthened supply chain and optimized design & procurement costs by
                       increasing in-house manufacturing of core components and enhancing management of tier
                       two & three suppliers. In January 2023, the Company formed a compressor joint venture
                       with Shanghai Highly, aiming to secure an integrated supply of compressors, enhance
                       production stability, reduce costs, in order to improve overall profitability and enhance
                       competitiveness through coordinated development of compressors and air-conditioning
                       units.

                         Export business
                         Export revenue rose by over 25% in 2022, ranking number one in the industry according to
                         China IoL. The growth was driven by breakthroughs in new products such as dehumidifiers
                         and strong performance in the US and Europe markets leveraging localized distribution
                         network and product innovation.

                  (2)    Commercial air-conditioner business
                         During the reporting period, revenue from commercial air conditioners grew over 20%.
                         According to China IoL, the Company’s share increased 0.9 percentage points year-on-year
                         to 11.1% in the domestic market and 0.7 percentage points to 14.2% in the export market
                         as compared to 2021.

                         During the reporting period, the Company started expanding from commercial HVAC
                         equipment to energy management and smart integrated solutions for buildings. By creating
                         Meta Building control system that integrates air conditioners, elevators, lighting, water,
                         electricity and security, the Company aims at offering green and smart building solutions
                         that combine technology, experience and space.

                         Drawing on strengths in magnetic centrifugal chillers, the Company won contract of 37
                         underground lines in 17 cities in 2022, reinforcing number one position in domestic market.
                         In addition, the Company developed air-suspending central air-conditioners and pioneered
                         magnetic & air-centrifugal chillers solutions leveraging air-suspending centrifugal compressor
                         technology to enhance energy efficiency and eliminate frictions in the switch on/off
                         process.

                         During the reporting period, heat pump revenue grew by 26%. The Company launched
                         –37° C Low Ambient heat pumps with performance above and beyond the scope of China
                         Energy Label grade 1 products by adopting leading R32 refrigerant system. The Company
                         also launched Air to Water heat pump that could provide constant 90° C water under wide
                         temperature, making it an efficient alternative to fossil-fuel boilers in many industrial
                         settings. In 2022, the Company won Tangshan’s Guye District (古冶區) Heating Renovation
                         Project, the largest project of its kind in China.




26   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                            Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
(I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
      3.   Air and Energy Solutions (continued)
           (2) Commercial air-conditioner business (continued)
                Export business
                The Company also developed oil-free magnetic centrifugal chillers overseas, with export
                revenue up by over 40% in 2022. During the reporting period, the Company also won
                several contracts including Suvarnabhumi Airport in Thailand and the Ministry of Health in
                Malaysia.

      4.   Household Water Solutions
           During the period, water heaters and purifiers revenue grew by 9.1% to RMB13.855 billion.
           According to CMM, the Company strengthened its leadership in 2022, with market share
           increase of 1.3 percentage points to 29.8% offline, and online retail share rose 2.4 percentage
           points to 34.0%.

           Following the launch of Casarte’s Crystal Tank Galaxy series, the Company expanded dual-tank
           line-up to capture demand for water heaters with small-size, tasteful appearance and
           large-capacity. Leveraging gas-electric hybrid technology, the Company was able to consolidate
           premium leadership in gas water heaters with revenue growth of 16% in 2022; and the Company
           remained number one in units priced above RMB8,000. During the period, the offline retail share
           of gas water heaters increased by 1.9 percentage points year-on-year to 22.2%. Air-sourced
           heat pump water heater accelerated R&D in high water temperature, disinfection, frequency
           conversion and energy saving. In 2022, its domestic revenue grew by 19% and overseas revenue
           rose by over 290%. Casarte’s Tianhe (天 合) NC7 air-sourced water heater could rapidly heat up
           at –15° C and reduce electricity usage by over 76%.

           The water purifier business strengthened competitiveness through product innovation and supply
           chain optimization. During the period, the Company expanded high-end market share with cutting
           edge technologies including zinc-strontium mineral spring. Since April 2021, Haier smart water
           purifier factory has not only been able to produce the entire under-sink range in house, but also
           its own filter, water circuit board and moulding modules, all of which contributed to increase cost
           competitiveness.

      5.   Sales Platform in China
           Despite macro uncertainties during the reporting period, the Company remained committed to
           enhancing user experience, increasing user recognition and growing average user value via
           several initiatives to enhance efficiency of franchised network with digital transformation and
           service innovation; accelerate development in new retail channels and improve user interaction
           online; increase presence in home improvement channels, establish design, installation & service
           one-stop stores, as well as establishing partnerships with designers. According to CMM, the
           Company’s overall retail market share went up 2 percentage points year-on-year to 27.2% in
           China in 2022.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   27
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     (I)   Smart Home Business in China (continued)
           5.     Sales Platform in China (continued)
                  Challenged by declining traffic and store closures in KA channels, the Company accelerated omni
                  channel network expansion, and strengthened its franchised stores with digital tools to improve
                  traffic acquisition and conversion. The Company stimulated replacement demand in the rural
                  market by offering door-to-door appliance cleaning services, while driving the sales of product
                  sets in the urban areas by building showrooms featuring tailored design solutions. Furthermore,
                  the Company actively developed shopping mall channels through scenario-based solutions and
                  integrated offline/online interactions, showcasing quality lifestyle and boosting replacement
                  demand.

                  Increasing number of consumers started to buy appliances online. During the reporting period,
                  the Company expanded product portfolio online, while strengthening the premium Casarte brand
                  by introducing over 70 new units. The Company also made efforts to improve membership
                  management by streamlining online and offline user database utilizing digital tools. In 2022, the
                  Company topped the industry with 20% growth of its aggregated GMV online; user engagement
                  efficiency increased 23%; total number of Haier brand membership surged 41% to over 45
                  million.

                  The Company made dedicated effort to capture the growth opportunities of live streaming
                  platforms and short video marketing by creating quality content integrating brand stories to
                  increase consumer recognition. In 2022, over 40,000 short videos were released, and daily
                  average live streaming coverage exceeded 16 hours in flagship store online. Streaming related
                  transaction value exceeded RMB10 billion in 2022, ranking first amongst major home appliance
                  businesses online.

                  Growing number of consumers started to buy major appliances at the beginning of their
                  renovation project, thus the Company enhanced traffic conversion and average ticket price by
                  showcasing scenario-based solutions in Three-Winged Bird stores, providing professional design
                  toolkit to distributors and promoting existing home renovation and kitchen renovation solutions. In
                  2022, over 900 new Three-Winged Bird stores were added, and retail sales of Three-Winged Bird
                  stores went up by 257% year-on-year. Amid the growing traffic towards home improvement
                  channels, the Company established wide partnership with home furnishing industry and expanded
                  distribution network in building material markets with retail sales increase of 51% and 401 new
                  sales outlets added in 2022.

                  In 2022, business operations remained under constant pressure offline, the weakness in KA
                  channels also had an impact on sales of mid and high-end products. During the reporting
                  period, Casarte brand managed to grow against the headwind through product renovation,
                  development of set product portfolio and distribution network enhancement. In 2022, revenue
                  contribution from product sets went up by 2.4 percentage points, according to CMM, Casarte’s
                  core appliance market share went up by 1.4 percentage points from 2021 to 12.3%.




28   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
(I)    Smart Home Business in China (continued)
       6.   Accelerating digitalization to facilitate end-to-end innovation, enhance operational
            efficiency and user experience.
            During the reporting period, the Company implemented digital transformation in procurement, lean
            manufacturing, marketing, and R&D, achieved cost reduction and efficiency improvement through
            data integration, operational digitalization and transformation.

            Improve procurement efficiency
            The Company established selective vendor database to reduce supplier complexity, increase
            commonly used parts and improve material quality. In 2022, the number of components was
            reduced by 17.5% and proportion of common parts increased by 12%, the Company also cut
            new supplier process time by 10% and shortened supplier inspection time by 10% to accelerate
            new product pipeline.

            Improved efficiency of lean manufacturing
            The Company has successfully increased scheduling accuracy to 85%, increased factory UPH by
            9.3%. and reduced inventory of semi-finished goods by 20% thanks to promoting manufacturing
            digitalization, integrated scheduling in assembly, pre-process, and sequential production. Loading
            efficiency of finished goods logistics also enhanced 30% by integrating logistics data.

            In 2022, the Company reduced OTD lead time by reduced by 7% in China through advancing
            SKU classification system, as well as simplifying process during examination, scheduling, and
            shipment to reduce order fulfilment delays. Meanwhile, the Company also optimized inventory
            replenishment model in e-commerce channels and implemented VMI model, to reduce inventory
            turnover days in regional branches by 10%.

(II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home business
       Revenue amounted to RMB125.424 billion in 2022, up 10.3% from 2021, driven by product innovation
       leveraging globalised platforms, several new products have been successfully launched globally
       including the large front-load washer; flexible and efficiency from globalised supply chain; worldwide
       deployment of production capacity to cater for local demand; continued growth in price index thanks
       to global premium brand building.

       1.   North America
            The North American Home Appliance market encountered a significant challenge in 2022. Fears
            of recession exacerbated the weakness of consumer spending, and the core appliance industry
            declined by around 6%, while costs faced severe inflationary pressures. However, the Company
            acted decisively in implementing its strategy during the reporting period and again delivered a
            solid performance, with sales revenue increasing by 9.0% (up 4.6% in local currency). The
            Company’s resilience and sustainability are built on long-term investments in technology, product
            innovation, distribution network expansion, brand building, and supply chain management,
            ultimately continuing to meet its commitment to its users.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   29
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     (II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home business (continued)
            1.    North America (continued)
                  During the reporting period, the Company adhered to its high-end strategy and launched new
                  differentiated premium products such as the first Profile Front Load and Top Load washing
                  machine with built-in Alexa voice assistant, Café counter-depth multi-door refrigerator,
                  industry-leading Striker smart cooktop with precise temperature control and ultra-fresh
                  dishwasher with stainless steel tub to improve product mix and support double-digit growth of
                  premium brands.

                  The Company continues to expand the growing space for new categories. During the reporting
                  period, the product line-up of HVAC continued to improve, and the launch of ducted AC marked
                  the Company’s entry into the mainstream HVAC market in the United States; the water heater
                  factory in South Carolina went into operation, becoming the core manufacturing base for
                  premium water heater products; the small domestic appliance category expanded, and Opal ice
                  maker ranked in the top in the premium countertop ice maker category at Amazon, etc.

                  The Company has always been committed to continuously improving user experience, building
                  the end-to-end digital platform to improve the Company’s efficiency internally and interact with
                  users externally. The Company has remotely upgraded the Steakhouse Mode and Turkey Mode
                  for tens of thousands of users successively; during the same time the Company opened a
                  micro-factory in the Co-Creation Centre in Stamford, Connecticut. The Company once again won
                  the annual “Smart Appliance Company of the Year” and “Cybersecurity Breakthrough Award” in
                  the United States.

                  Facing the challenging of a downward market environment and raw material inflation etc., the
                  Company continues to deepen RenDanHeYi to motivate employees. Employees set up five teams
                  spontaneously to build a synergistic system of sales and operation in the areas of material cost
                  takeout, operation efficiency, structure improvement, revenue, and cash flow respectively to
                  achieve sustainable growth. With high recognition of the employees, the Company was again
                  certified as the “Great Place to Work” in the US in 2022.

                  The Company continues to be a local corporate citizen. During the reporting period, the
                  Company launched the Every Voice program, which aims to provide jobs for refugee groups who
                  have left their homes; the first batch of Einride electric trucks have been put into service,
                  effectively reducing carbon emissions during the Company’s operation while improving supply
                  chain efficiency; and Blue Wave public service program has expanded from the U.S. to a global
                  scale and will contribute to public welfare around the world.




30   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                             Business Review




ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
(II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home business (continued)
       2.   Europe
            In 2022, the Company recorded revenue of RMB23.031 billion in Europe, an increase of 16.7%
            year-on-year. GFK statistics suggests the Company was the fastest growing appliances business
            with retail volume market share up by 1 percentage point to 7.4%, and retail revenue market
            share increase of 1.4 percentage points to 6.8%. The Company achieved growth against the
            headwind by strengthening high-end brand strategy, seizing market opportunities for
            energy-saving and built-in products, as well as accelerating supply chain localization. During the
            period, Haier brand’s price index rose to 131; the Company capture market opportunity for
            energy-efficient products by launching Haier905CD refrigerator, ultra-thin Ipro7plus washing
            machine, 939 washing machine and 979Plus12kg washing machine with an energy-efficiency
            rating of A-20%. Heat pump revenue grew by 200% and the Company launched air-source heat
            pump water heater which provides heating under –30° C to meet growing demand. In the
            meantime, the Company accelerated go-to market strategy by utilizing local facilities from
            dishwasher & kitchen appliance factories Turkey and refrigerator factory in Romania.

       3.   Australia and New Zealand
            During the reporting period, the Company recorded revenue of RMB6.962 billion, down by 0.7%
            year-on-year (up by 5.9% in local currency) in Australia and New Zealand, market share
            exceeded 18% in main-stream channels (including TGG & NARTA) in Australia with strengthening
            leadership in New Zealand. The growth was attributable to continued product innovation driven
            by long term technological advancement. In 2022, the Company launched 60cm Contemporary
            and New Minimal series equipped with full steam to provide users with a healthier gourmet
            experience, and FPA’s premium 7, 8 and 9 series contributed to almost 50% of total kitchen
            appliance revenue. FPA brand Rf605T refrigerator with precise temperature control and variable
            temperate zone was created to deliver superior preservation performance, it was an instant
            best-seller and soon became number one in market share of units’ capacity between 600–650L.
            On the other hand, the Company also made greater efforts in customizing smart and
            comprehensive solutions in the offline channels, while establishing partners with designs
            leveraging FPA’s premium product portfolio.

       4.   South Asia
            During the period, revenue from South Asia market grew 16.1% year-on-year to RMB8.284
            billion. Retail market share in India grew by 2 percentage points to 11% leveraging brand
            portfolio of Casarte, Haier and Candy to meet mid to high-end demand for large-capacity and
            health-oriented products, while catering to the third and fourth-tier market with energy-saving
            and entry level products. High-end market share grew by 3.5 percentage points to 14%
            leveraging continued product launches including Haier high-end T-door refrigerators and
            front-load washers with heating function. In Pakistan, the Company outperform the industry in all
            categories and remained number one with overall market share, an increase of 2 percentage
            points year-on-year to 36%. High end market share rose by 5 percentage points, driven by
            introducing Casarte products that cater for premium market demand of smart and stylish
            appliances; the Company also developed deep freezing and rapid cooling freezer to meet
            demand for large freezing capacity in third and fourth tier markets.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   31
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS (continued)
     (II)   Overseas home appliances and smart home business (continued)
            5.    Southeast Asia
                  During the period, the Company realized revenue of RMB5.18 billion in Southeast Asia, up 9.3%
                  year-on-year. The Company accelerated brand premiumization in response to growing demand
                  for large capacity, health oriented and energy efficient products. In Thailand, high end
                  refrigerators revenue grew 165%, air-conditioners ranked first in market share, and T-door
                  refrigerators rose to number one online. In Vietnam, the Company became number one in
                  washing machines supported by successful launch of 601 large front-load washer. In Malaysia,
                  retail volume market share rose 1.3 percentage points year-on-year to 6.1%, and revenue
                  contribution of mid and high-end products reached 38%. In Indonesia, mid and high-end market
                  share continued to grow and dual brand strategies of Candy and AQUA have been established.

            6.    Japan
                  During the period, revenue from amounted to RMB3.569 billion in Japan, up 2.2% (up 16.5% in
                  local currency) year-on-year. The Company’s combined market share for freezers, refrigerators
                  and washing machines reached 17.3%, amongst 15.3% in refrigerators and 43.3% in freezers,
                  ranked the Company number one in the industry. Through differentiating product portfolio,
                  high-end revenue contribution went up by 2 percentage points to 51%. The Company became
                  the fastest growing refrigerators business with several launches including AQUA ultra-thin T-style
                  and Delie series, as well as 468/406 T-door and ultra-narrow 3-door series under Haier brand.
                  The Company also grasped the pandemic-driven market opportunity of health-conscious laundry
                  with AQUA variable-frequency washing machine, high-end heat pump front-load washers, and
                  Haier medium and large size variable-frequency washing machines. More than 50,000 units of
                  heat pump front-load washer-dryer combo have been sold in the first year since its launch.

     INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
     DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
     (I)    Industry Overview for 2022
            1.    The Chinese market
                  In 2022, home appliance industry was sluggish amid real estate downturn, weak consumer
                  sentiment and rising commodity prices. Data from CMM showed that the retail sales of the
                  China’s home appliance (excluding 3C & digital products) retail revenue across all channels in
                  China was RMB799.9 billion in 2022, down 6.4% year-on-year when compared to 2021,
                  amongst which refrigerator retail sales was RMB96.4 billion, down 1.7% year-on-year; washing
                  machine retail sales was RMB68.1 billion, down 7.3%; thanks to hot temperature in July
                  and August in 2022, home air-conditioner retail sales grew by 1.6% year-on-year to RMB160.1
                  billion; retail sales of range hoods and stoves amounted to RMB54.0 billion, down 13.9% year-
                  on-year. Impacted property weakness and saturating penetration, water heater retail sales went
                  down by 14.5% to RMB52.0 billion. The rise of the middle class and the growing consumer
                  sophistication drive the popularity of new categories such as tumble dryers, whose retail sales
                  reached RMB9.3 billion in 2022, up 22.5% year-on-year.




32   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                           Business Review




INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
(I)   Industry Overview for 2022 (continued)
      1.   The Chinese market (continued)
           On the other hand, consumption momentum was weakened by lower income expectation, and
           people started to make fewer impulsive purchases; consumer preference is becoming polarized
           with high end focusing on quality and wellbeing while entry level users appreciate
           value-for-money offerings. Nonetheless, high end market continued to expand, for example,
           consumers started to appreciate compartmentalized storage and healthy preservation
           technologies, while built-in refrigerators that blend in well with ambience at home has become
           one of the main directions of appliance upgrade. According to AVC, share of refrigerators priced
           above RMB10,000 went up 5.4 percentage points to 37.1% in the offline market in 2022.

           In a well penetrated market, appliances business ought to make dedicated effort in developing
           consumer insights and unlocking new opportunities with constant product innovation, while
           increasing value of existing users with a variety of product sets that also echo the trend of
           appliances and home furnishing integration. Wall-mounted washing machine, micro washers and
           separated laundry washers have become popular with growing number of families choose to have
           more than one child. New-air ventilation system and kitchen-specialised air conditions are the
           latest revenue drivers. According to AVC, New-air ventilation AC revenue contribution went up by
           2.2 percentage points to 8.4% in 2022, and washer-dryer combo contributed 40.4% of the
           revenue in the offline market in the first nine months of 2022, up 5.5 percentage points year-on-
           year.

           Export markets
           In 2022, China’s home appliance industry was under significant pressure caused by inflation,
           over-consumption from previous years and high level of inventories. According to China
           Household Electrical Appliances Association, total annual export was USD97.25 billion in 2022,
           down 6.9%; with quarterly growth of 1.8%, –1.3%, –7% and –20.2% from Q1 to Q4.
           Refrigerators, air conditioners, freezers and washing machines export revenue grew by –23.1%,
           4.2%, –9.6% and –6.3%, respectively, in 2022.

      2.   Overseas markets
           The global economy recovered gradually in 2022. IMF estimated global GDP growth to be 3.4%
           in 2022. According to Euromonitor, global home appliances retail revenue (including major
           appliances and small appliances) was USD518.3 billion in 2022, increased by 0.5% for the year,
           of which, retail sales of core appliances dropped 0.3%, while small appliances grew 1.5%
           year-on-year.

           By market:

           (1)   The U.S.: Costs remained under inflationary pressure from raw materials, commodities,
                 logistics and labour. Competition in the home appliance industry was intense, and interest
                 rate increases have slowed down new home constructions and home sales. Consumer
                 confidence and spending remained subdued. Core appliances shipment went down by
                 6.4% in 2022.



                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   33
     Business Review




     INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
     DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
     (I)   Industry Overview for 2022 (continued)
           2.     Overseas markets (continued)
                  (2)  Europe: According to GFK, overall sales volume amounted to approximately 96.27 million
                       units in Europe, down 8.9% year-on-year due to various factors including inflation. At the
                       same time, the energy crisis spurred rapid growth of alternative energy product such as
                       heat pumps. Consumers continue to favour large-volume, health-conscious and energy
                       efficient products.

                  (3)    South Asia: ① In India, demand for large-volume, health-conscious and variable-frequency
                         products grew steadily in the mid-range to high-end market, whereas demand for
                         energy-saving entry level products in third- and fourth-tier markets were on the rise. Chain
                         retailors expanded rapidly across the country, and e-commerce channel continued to
                         increase in revenue contribution. ② Due to flood damages and inflation in Pakistan,
                         people’s purchasing power plummeted causing appliance market volume to decline by
                         10%. Import policy change led to structural shortages of raw materials. However, mid and
                         high-end products continued to grow.

                  (4)    Southeast Asia: As markets fully reopened economic recovery continued, however industry
                         performances varied in the region. According to GFK, appliance industry suffered a decline
                         in Thailand while, Vietnamese market experienced a mild growth. Demand for mid to high
                         end products with large-volume, health-conscious, protection and sterilization features
                         continued to dominate.

                  (5)    Australia & New Zealand: ① In 2022, sales volume in Australia recorded a mild increase of
                         3%, with falling demand in the fourth quarter due to interest rate hikes and inflation.
                         Average unit prices rose year-on-year driven by inflation and growth in high end products.
                         ②According to customs’ data, white goods market experienced a double-digit year-on-year
                         volume decline in New Zealand in 2022.

                  (6)    Japan: White goods market was sluggish in Japan due to currency depreciation and
                         pandemic resurgence, annual sales volume of refrigerators, freezers and washing machines
                         dropped by 1.5% year-on-year. Demand grew for large-volume, small-sized,
                         health-conscious, energy-saving, and smart products.




34   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                            Business Review




INTRODUCTION OF THE INDUSTRY WHERE THE COMPANY OPERATES
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD (continued)
(II)   Industry Outlook for 2023
       1.   The Chinese market
            Domestic GDP is expected to accelerate in 2023 after re-opening, positive for income prospects
            and confidence. Market momentum could benefit from concrete housing demand unleased by
            policy support in the property sector, appliances replacement & upgrade, and green & smart
            appliance initiatives.

            CMM estimates appliance retail sales to grow 5% in 2023, with new opportunities from the home
            improvement channel unlocked by appliances and interior integration; and growing traffic from
            social media platforms such as TikTok and Xiaohongshu.

            Export market
            Home appliance exports is expected to stay flat in 2023 as fundamental improvements remain
            less likely for global economy, particularly in Europe and the US. Sequential recovery could be
            expected in the second half as inflationary pressure, inventory build-up and high comps should
            start to ease. The pandemic and Russia-Ukraine conflict will continue to reshape global supply
            chains, with accelerated manufacturing localization that could affect China’s export in the long
            run.

       2.   The Global Market
            According to IMF’s World Economic Outlook, global economic recovery is slow amid tightening
            monetary policy and financial conditions worldwide. The global GDP is forecasted to grow at
            2.9% in 2023.

            Euromonitor forecasts global core appliance industry will exceed USD290 billion in 2023, up
            2.5% year-on-year. Recovery of high-end market offline could accelerate innovation and promote
            appliance connectivity; demand remain strong for efficient products amid energy shortage; on the
            other hand, regional instabilities could put global appliance supply chain under pressure.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   35
     Business Review




     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD
     Founded in 1984, the Company is committed to being an enterprise of the times. Through relentless
     innovation and iterations, we seize opportunities in the industry by continuously launching new products that
     steer market development. After more than 30 years, the Company has become a global leader in the major
     home appliance industry, as well as a pioneer in global smart home solutions.

     •     Global leader of the major home appliance industry: According to data from Euromonitor — an
           authoritative market researcher, the Company ranked first in terms of sales volume in global major
           appliance market for 13 consecutive years. The Company has a global portfolio of brands, including
           Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher&Paykel and AQUA. From 2008 to 2022, Haier
           brand refrigerators and washing machines ranked first among global major home appliance brands in
           sales volume for 15 and 14 consecutive years respectively.

     •     Pioneer of global smart home solutions: Capitalizing on our full-range home appliances products, the
           Company is recognized by Euromonitor as one of the first in the industry to introduce smart home
           solutions. Three-Winged Bird focuses on customising smart home experience, by building up five core
           competencies including the Smart Home Brain, scenario-based solutions, experiential stores, the
           Three-Winged Bird interior design tool and the digital platform, we provide end-to-end and full life cycle
           services that “design a home, build a home and serve a home” for users.

     Over the years, the Company has established three business segments, namely the Chinese Smart Home
     Business, the Overseas Home Appliance and Smart Home Business, and Other Business

     Smart Home Business in China
     The Company provides a full range of home appliance products and value-added services in China market
     through Haier Smart Home APP and Three-Winged Bird APP, supplemented by our offline experience
     centres, in order to cater for users’ needs for different lifestyle scenarios. Smart Home Business in China
     comprises Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (Internet of Food), Household Laundry Solutions
     (Internet of Clothing), Air Solutions (Internet of Air), and Household Water Solutions (Internet of Water).

     •     Household Food Storage and Cooking Solutions (Internet of Food): Through selling in domestic market
           and exporting products such as refrigerators, freezers, kitchen appliances, as well as providing
           one-stop smart kitchen scenario solutions and ecosystem solutions including smart cooking and
           nutrition planning, the Company fully addresses users’ need for convenient, healthy and tasteful
           gourmet experiences.




36   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                             Business Review




PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
Smart Home Business in China (continued)
•   Household Laundry Solutions (Internet of Clothing): Haier’s washing machine focuses on applying original
    technologies to directly solve users’ pain points in home living scenarios, and create new experiences
    and value for users. With a product lineup of washing machines, tumble dryers, all-in-one laundry
    machines, garment care machines, and heated drying racks, the Company has evolved from selling
    individual products to providing scenario-based solutions, and offering end-to-end laundry care
    services. For example, the Zhongzihemei (中 子 和 美) three-in-one washer combines washing, drying,
    and fabric care functions into a single unit, and the Essence Wash washing machine reduces washing
    time and improves cleaning effectiveness by producing a highly concentrated detergent solution that
    can quickly soak into clothes through detergent pre-mixing and high pressure spraying.

•   Air Solutions (Internet of Air):

    Home air conditioners: Through domestic sales in China and exports, the Company provides products
    such as home air-conditioners and fresh air systems, as well as a comprehensive range of full-cycle
    solutions including coordination of multiple air-conditioners and purifiers, adaptive air flow, air quality
    monitoring and air disinfection, thereby delivering a healthy and comfortable experience at home and
    during commute that caters to the user needs in terms of air temperature, humidity and quality.

    Commercial air conditioners: The Company is committed to becoming a leader in efficient, sustainable
    and smart building solutions based on the state’s “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” strategy.
    Focusing on the business areas of smart control, environment, energy and system integration of
    buildings, the Company provides green and smart building solutions integrating “technology +
    experience + space” for government and commercial buildings, railways, schools, and hospitals.

•   Household Water Solutions (Internet of Water): Through selling in domestic market and exporting, the
    Company provides users with electric water heaters, gas water heaters, solar water heaters, air energy
    heat pump water heaters, POE water purifiers, POU water purifiers, water softening equipment, at the
    same time, we offer smart water solutions including interactions between water heaters and purifiers,
    and between heating appliances and water heaters, so as to comprehensively cater to users’ needs for
    water purification, softening and heating.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   37
     Business Review




     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     Overseas Home Appliance and Smart Home Business
     In addition, the Company manufactures and sells a comprehensive portfolio of home appliance products and
     provides value-added services in more than 200 countries and regions, including North America, Europe,
     South Asia and Southeast Asia, Australia and New Zealand, Japan, Middle East and Africa.

     In the overseas market, the Company has been manufacturing and selling proprietary appliance products
     catering for local users’ demands for more than 20 years. During the time, a number of acquisitions
     contributed to our growth including acquisition of Haier Group Corporation’s overseas white goods business
     (Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd.’s white goods business in Japan and Southeast Asia) in 2015, home appliances of
     GE in the US in 2016, Fisher&Paykel in 2018, and Candy in 2019. The development of the Company’s
     overseas businesses has been fuelled by synergies among our self-developed business and our acquired
     businesses.

     At present, the overseas business of the Company has entered a stage of promising growth, having
     achieved a multi-brand, cross-product and cross-regional presence on a global basis. According to
     Euromonitor, the Company’s share of the global market (retail volume) for major home appliances in key
     regions in 2022 is as follows: ranked first in Asia in terms of retail volume, with a 21.4% market share;
     ranked second in America, with a market share of 15.6%; ranked second in Australia and New Zealand, with
     a market share of 12.8%. The Company ranked third in Middle East and Africa with a market share of 7.5%,
     and ranked fourth in Europe with a market share of 8.3%.

     Other Businesses
     Building on our established smart home businesses, the Company has also developed small home
     appliances, channel distribution and other businesses. In particular, the small home appliance business
     primarily involves small home appliances designed by the Company, produced by outsourced third-party
     manufacturers and sold under the Company’s brands, which serve to enrich our smart home solutions
     product mix. The channel distribution business primarily offers distribution services for products such as
     televisions and user electronics for the Haier Group or third-party brands, which leverages the Company’s
     sales network.

     During the reporting period, the Company was once again listed among the Top 500 World’s Companies
     and named again as the 2022 World’s Most Admired Companies by the Fortune Magazine. We are the only
     company being selected in Europe and Asia in the home appliances industry, and are the only selected
     company incorporated outside the US. Meanwhile, the Company is also the world’s only Internet-of-Things
     (IoT) ecosystem brand being named again as BrandZtm Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands in 2022.

     At the same time, the Company was named among Fortune’s first China ESG Impact list and Forbes’ The
     World’s Best Employers 2022 list. The Company’s ESG effort has also been recognized by external rating
     agencies, receiving an MSCI ESG rating of BBB and a Wind ESG rating of AAA, both of which are at
     leading levels in China. Thanks to the above performance, Haier Smart Home was selected into the three
     major ESG indices of the Hang Seng Index, including the HSI ESG Enhanced Index, the HSI ESG Enhanced
     Select Index and the HSCEI ESG Enhanced Index.




38   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                              Business Review




ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD
The Company has established a solid strategic presence and competitive advantage in China and overseas
markets. In China’s major home appliance market, the Company has long maintained a leading position
across all product categories. According to CMM’s report, the Company has established a continued leading
market position in key major home appliance categories in 2022. In overseas markets, the Company has
adhered to its high-end brand creation strategy, building capacity to create leading sustainable growth,
which has continuously improved its market share. Building on this foundation, the Company will further
consolidate its leadership position in the industry by leveraging integrated synergies of its global unified
platforms, through efficiency transformation driven by digitalization, and by leveraging its technological
strength and innovative capabilities. As cornerstone for sustainable development, our ‘Rendanheyi (人 單 合
一)’ Model also provided management guidance to the Company, and enabled us to replicate successful
experiences. It is believed that the following advantages will help the Company to continue to strengthen its
leading position:

(i)   Dominance in China’s high-end market; rapid growth of overseas high-end brands
      Riding the trend of consumption upgrade in China, the Company has started to develop the high-end
      brand Casarte in the Chinese market more than 10 years ago. The creation of high-end brands
      required not only focus, experience and patience, but also continuous innovation of technological
      standards and differentiated service capabilities to fulfil user demand for high-quality experiences. The
      Casarte brand combined the Company’s global technological strengths, product development
      capabilities and manufacturing craftsmanship, as well as privilege marketing and differentiation services,
      which has won the trust of users in China’s high-end market. According to data from CMM, the
      Casarte brand has assumed a definitive leading position in China’s high-end major home appliance
      market in 2022, ranking first in the retail sales of refrigerator, washing machine and air conditioner
      categories in the high-end segment. Specifically, in terms of offline retail sales, shares of the Casarte
      brand of washing machines and refrigerators reached 77.2% and 38.5% respectively in the market with
      product price above RMB10,000 in China, while its share of air conditioners priced above RMB15,000
      in the China’s market reached 30.6%. Our overall average price for Carsate refrigerators, air
      conditioners and washing machines is two to three times the average price of the industry.

      In the North American market, the Company owns high-end brands such as Monogram, Café, and GE
      Profile. We enhanced our high-end brand profile through launching leading products including high-end
      steam ovens, drawer-style microwave ovens and lift-up cooker hoods. Through the creation of
      luxurious, customizable and smart technology-enabled user experience, our high-end brands
      Monogram, Café and GE Profile have grown rapidly.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   39
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     (ii)   Smart household solutions that continue to expand and upgrade
            As users continued to demand for higher living quality, coupled with the development of technologies
            such as Internet of Things, big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence, the industry has shown
            a smart and high-end development trend that prioritized product suites, based upon scenarios, and
            home appliances integrated with home furnishings. With leading user insights, extensive product
            coverage and technological accumulation from intelligent AI algorithms, home big data and IoT
            equipment technology, the Company provided scenario solutions on whole-house water usage, air, and
            smart control for five major spaces at home including the living room, kitchen, bathroom, bedroom and
            balcony.

            First of all, the Smart Home Brain created the best intelligent experience for users by upgrading the
            brain technology system. Through iteration of the whole-house sensing system, we unified data
            collection from multiple devices and constructed a whole-house sensing service model. At the same
            time, through software and hardware integration and end-to-end cloud integration, we enabled
            diversified and multi-modal voice and image interactions which opened up a new form of
            multi-dimensional connectivity.

            Secondly, in terms of our capabilities in scenario solutions, Three-Winged Bird continued to build
            insightful smart scenarios that boosted health, comfort, safety and energy efficiency based on its
            strategic focus on tailored smart home experience. We addressed user needs on intelligence through
            the design and implementation of nine thematic scenarios of kitchen, sleep, ambience, low carbon, air,
            water, cleaning, security, and perception.

            In addition, Three-Winged Bird’s interior design tool focused on “building a home”, providing users with
            smart home appliances + smart home solutions. The VR function allowed users to virtually visualise the
            look, size and style of their smart appliances from different viewing angles. The Three-Winged Bird
            interior design tool has now facilitated more than 30,000 localised design solutions.

            Finally, Three-Winged Bird’s digital platform is integrated with the Three-Winged Bird APP and the
            Smart Home APP to offer full life cycle service for users, thereby enhancing the value added to active
            users and increasing conversion of scenario-based transactions.




40   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                            Business Review




ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
(iii) Extensive and solid global presence with localized operational capability
      In addition to success in the Chinese market, the Company also prospered in overseas markets. The
      Company seeks overseas expansion of its own brands as well as synergies with acquired brands to
      develop overseas markets. Such business strategy has guided the Company to establish R&D,
      manufacturing and marketing three-in-one structure across multiple brands, products and regions, as
      well as the model of self-development, interconnection and synergized operation.

      The Company’s extensive global presence depends on its localized business teams as well as its
      flexible and autonomous management mechanisms established in various overseas markets, which
      have enabled the Company to gain rapid insights and respond swiftly to local user demands. The
      Company also proactively integrates into local markets and cultures, and has established a corporate
      image that is recognized by local communities in the overseas regions where the Company operates.

      In 2022, the Company established 10+N innovative ecosystems, 122 manufacturing centres, and 108
      marketing centres around the world, and achieved a coverage of nearly 230,000 point of sales in
      overseas markets.

(iv) A comprehensive portfolio of proprietary brands recognised by users of all tiers
      Through organic growth and acquisitions, the Company has formed seven brand clusters, including
      Haier, Casarte, Leader, GE Appliances, Candy, Fisher&Paykel and AQUA. To address the needs of
      users from different tiers in various markets around the world, the Company has adopted a
      differentiated multi-brand strategy in different regions that centred around users, so as to achieve an
      extensive and in-depth user coverage. For example, in the Chinese market: the three brands of
      Casarte, Haier and Leader achieved the coverage of high-end, mainstream and niche market groups
      respectively; in the U.S. market, the six major brands such as Monogram, Café, GE Profile, GE, Haier,
      Hotpoint comprehensively covered all segments of high-end, mid-range and low-end markets, thereby
      meeting the preferences and needs of different types of users.

(v)   Cross-border acquisition and synergy realisation capabilities
      The Company has an excellent track record of acquisition and integration. The Company has acquired
      Haier Group Corporation’s overseas white goods business, including Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd.’s white
      goods businesses in Japan and Southeast Asia in 2015, the home appliance business of General
      Electric in the US in 2016, the New Zealand company Fisher&Paykel (which has been entrusted by the
      Haier Group since 2015) in 2018, and the Italian company Candy in 2019. The Company’s capability to
      perform acquisition and integration is reflected in the following: First of all, the Company implements
      the ‘Rendanheyi (人 單 合 一)’ Model in the acquired companies, which is a value-added sharing
      mechanism for the whole-process team under a common goal. Such model can motivate the acquired
      companies and their employees, and enable them to generate more value. Secondly, the Company
      made use of its global platform to empower the acquired companies in terms of strategic planning,
      R&D and procurement in order to enhance their competitiveness. Thirdly, the Company’s open and
      inclusive corporate culture can support the acquired companies in establishing a flexible and
      autonomous management mechanism, which can easily earn recognition from the acquired companies
      and is conducive to the promotion of integration.



                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   41
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     (vi) Comprehensive and in-depth global collaborations and empowerment
           The Company has made full use of its global collaborative platform, as well as its integrated functions
           of R&D, product development, procurement, supply chain, sales and brand marketing. It was able to
           share and expand its successful market development experience to various markets around the world.
           By strengthening the synergies among its global businesses, the Company has created a strong
           driving force for its future development.

           •      Global collaborative R&D: The Company has a global collaborative R&D system and has
                  established global technology R&D mechanisms to share common modules, utilize common
                  technologies, and share patents within the scope of compliance. For example, the Company’s
                  R&D team in China joined hands with FPA’s and CANDY’s R&D teams to develop the H20 spray
                  technology, which has been applied to freestanding and built-in dishwashers of Haier,
                  Fisher&Paykel, CANDY and HOOVER, hence strengthening the Company’s overall leadership in
                  product performance.

           •      Global collaborative product development: The Company has established a global product
                  development mechanism to coordinate global collaborative product development, which can
                  enable regional collaboration and supplementation across product categories. For example, the
                  R&D teams in South Asia and China embarked on a 10-month collaboration, breaking away from
                  the traditional product development model by innovating on team organisation, quality control,
                  product testing and cost control leveraging complementary local resources. The HRT-683
                  refrigerator jointly developed by this collaboration has become a local mainstream high-end
                  product.

           •      Global collaborative procurement: The Company has established a global procurement guidance
                  committee to coordinate global procurement activities. The committee has built a global digital
                  sourcing platform that brought together partners across industries and regions to develop an
                  autonomous and controlled global supply chain ecosystem. The committee also created a global
                  database of preferred suppliers and materials to achieve cost reduction by aggregating common
                  resources at the Group level. By unifying procurement rules and processes, the Company
                  established a standardised operating system with differentiated procurement strategies to
                  enhance procurement efficiency while lowering risks. We have also developed a Group-level
                  digital procurement platform to enhance shared capabilities through connecting “materials,
                  businesses, people and mechanisms” to the platform, thereby improving the resilience of our
                  global supply chain.




42   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                           Business Review




ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
(vi) Comprehensive and in-depth global collaborations and empowerment (continued)
    •    Global collaborative supply chain: The Company has built an end-to-end digital management
         system for the global supply chain that spanned from marketing to suppliers to production and
         logistics. Using intelligent algorithms, the system enabled real-time flexible deployment of global
         production capacity, and factories across the globe could share and develop smart
         manufacturing technologies to boost manufacturing competitiveness.

    •    Global collaborative marketing and brand promotion: the Company operates a multi-level
         brand portfolio on a global scale, which can realize global collaborative brand promotion. The
         Company also promotes and introduces successful marketing strategies among regional markets
         around the world. For example, the Company successfully replicated its sales and marketing
         model from third and fourth-tier markets in China, in markets such as India, Pakistan, and
         Thailand, which have strengthened the Company’s brand image and its regional market
         competitiveness.

(vii) Industry-leading R&D and technological capabilities
    To ensure better living experience for users, the Company has established a global leading R&D
    system under the premise of developing original technologies. In early 2022, the Company established
    a science and technology committee to leverage our technological innovation system and strengthen
    our enterprises’ innovation capabilities, which have facilitated our high-end brands, scenario brands
    and ecosystem brands to achieve leadership positions.

    •    Leadership in terms of original technologies: In 2022, the Company has innovated a range
         of solutions that exceeded users’ expectations and made technology more integral to everyday
         life. For example, the seamless built-in refrigerator adopted the innovative bottom heat dissipation
         technology to realise a zero-gap integration with the cabinet. The use of the dual-axis variable
         hinges allowed the fridge door to be opened to 113º without hitting surrounding walls. By
         advancing the foam layer technology, the thickness of the whole fridge was reduced to 600mm
         which matched the international standard depth of cabinets, hence enabling the refrigerator to be
         flush with the cabinet.

    •    Certification from state authorities: As of the end of 2022, the Company received a total of
         16 State Science and Technology Progress Award and 245 leading international achievements,
         more than any other company in the industry. Haier Smart Home was among the first batch of
         “Leading Digital Enterprises” selected by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. The
         HOPE Platform was selected by Innovation China as one of the “Top 10 Industry-Academia
         Collaboration Organisations” and part of the first batch of Innovation Bases. The Platform also
         earned the Golden Bridge Award from the China Technology Market Association, was named as
         the only five-star technology service organisation in the home appliance industry, and became the
         Model National Public Service Platforms for Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   43
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     (vii) Industry-leading R&D and technological capabilities (continued)
           •      Leadership in terms of patent quality: As of the end of 2022, Haier Smart Home has
                  accumulated more than 92,000 patents applications globally, including more than 59,000
                  invention patents. The number of overseas invention patents exceeded 16,000, covering more
                  than 30 countries, making us the Chinese home appliance enterprise with the largest number of
                  overseas patents. The Company also accumulated 11 state patent gold awards, ranking first in
                  the domestic market. In the ‘Global Smart Home Invention Patent Ranking’ in 2022, Haier Smart
                  Home once again topped the list with 5,691 published patent applications, ranking first in the
                  world for the eighth consecutive times.

           •      Leadership in terms of international standards: As of the end of 2022, Haier Smart Home
                  has cumulatively led and participated in the formulation of 92 international standards and 637
                  state/industrial standards. We are the only company in the industry to obtain comprehensive
                  coverage of smart home standards from international organizations including the IEC, ISO, IEEE,
                  OCF and Matter. We are also the only enterprise in the world to serve on both the IEC Council
                  Board and the IEC Market Strategy Board, which have enabled the Company to stay actively
                  involved in international standardization efforts and have a voice in the formulation of standards.

           •      Leadership in terms of experience design: In the Red Dot Design Awards 2022, Haier Smart
                  Home broke its own record and earned 56 product design awards, once again topped the
                  industry with the highest cumulative number of awards. Haier Smart Home also won 42
                  accolades from the German iF Design Awards, ranking first in the industry. The Company has
                  cumulatively received more than 500 international design awards, as well as 5 China Excellent
                  Industrial Design Awards, which is the only enterprise in China that have earned three
                  consecutive gold awards.

     (viii) Staying committed to the principle of ‘value of people comes first’
           ‘Value of people comes first’ has always been a guiding principle for Haier’s development. From the
           autonomous operation team at the start of the venture to the current ‘Rendanheyi’ (人 單 合 一) model,
           Haier encourages every employee to maximize their own values while creating values for users. In
           Haier’s ‘Rendanheyi’ (人單合一) model, ‘Ren’ refers to creators; ‘Dan’ refers to user value; ‘Heyi’ refers
           to the integration of values realized by employees and the values created for users. ‘Value of people
           comes first’ is the highest purpose of the ‘Rendanheyi’ (人 單 合 一) model.

           Haier Smart Home adheres to the values of recognizing users’ demand as priority and denying our
           own perceptions, and is committed to the ‘two creative spirits’ of entrepreneurship and innovation. We
           turned employees into creators, implementers into entrepreneurs, and transformed enterprises into
           open ecosystem platforms, which have supported the Company to become a global leader of smart
           home in the Internet of Things era.




44   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                              Business Review




ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
Development Strategy of the Company
It is the Company’s development strategy to become a user-oriented digital enterprise in the IoT era and
achieve leadership as the world’s first IoT-based smart home ecosystem brand.

Through product & solution upgrades and scenario innovation of competitive refrigerator, washing machine
and water heater businesses, the Company continues to enhance user value and achieve market growth and
business expansion. By accelerating end-to-end transformation of the home air conditioner and kitchen
appliance businesses, the Company enhance business competitiveness, achieve rapid revenue growth, and
improve profitability. The Company will forge new paths for growth by capitalising on the replacement
demand for energy-efficient products and focusing on smart buildings. By accelerating growth in new
product categories such as tumble dryers and dishwashers, and actively expanding into new business areas
such as lifestyle appliances and cleaning appliances, the Company establishes a second growth curve. The
Company develops a competitive edge for today’s world by strengthening the Three-Winged Bird scenario
brand, enhancing competitiveness in high-end suite products, design & installation & service capabilities in
home improvement channels, and store digitalisation.

Operation Plan
In 2023, the Company will press ahead with the three-level brand upgrade strategy of “high-end brand →
scenario brand      → ecosystem brand”, improving operational efficiency through end-to-end digital
transformation, and implementing profit-oriented institutional changes to improve operational quality.

In the domestic market: ① By focusing on user experience, transforming retail touch points with digital
platforms that integrate the five networks of distribution channel, marketing, service, logistics and recycling,
the Company will integrate online and offline touch points, digitalise all processes of user engagement,
transaction, and delivery, and reach users more precisely. Through reconstructing “objectives, models,
mechanisms and organisations”, the Company will build an efficient system to manage resources and
improve cost efficiency. ② The Three-Winged Bird scenario brand, backed by its strong footholds of the
Smart Home Brain, scenario-based solutions, along with digitalised design tools, store operation and
platforms, will create customised design solutions for users while enhancing store efficiency and user value
for the business.

In the overseas markets: By pursuing high-end transformation, leveraging innovative spirit, and proactively
creating opportunities even amid difficult industry conditions, the Company aims to become the number one
company in the global market. The Company will ① adhere to high-end brand strategy by launching
differentiated new products to meet user needs; ② prioritise localisation and develop regional markets to
become self-sustainable; ③ capitalise on industry trends and cultivate room for growth by accelerating
innovation of new products such as built-in units and heat pumps; and ④ strengthen global competitiveness
through leveraging synergies across global platforms in branding, R&D, procurement, supply chain, and
human resources.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   45
     Business Review




     ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD (continued)
     Possible Risks
     1.    Risk of decreasing market demand due to macroeconomic slowdown. Sales of white goods as
           durable consumer appliances are subject to users’ income levels and their expectations of future
           income growth which will have a certain impact on their willingness to purchase products. A slowdown
           in macroeconomic growth causing a decline in users’ purchasing power will have a negative impact on
           industry growth. In addition, a slowdown in real estate market will also have a negative impact on
           market demand, which will indirectly affect end-user demand for home appliances.

     2.    Risk of price war caused by intensified industry competitions. The white goods industry is highly
           competitive with a high degree of product homogeneity, industry concentration has continued to
           increase in recent years. However, the increase in industry inventory capacity in individual sub-sectors
           due to the demand-supply imbalance may lead to risks such as price wars. Furthermore, rapid
           technological advancements, scarce talents in the industry, shortened product life cycles and ease of
           imitation are making it increasingly difficult to profit. Although new products, services and technologies
           are often associated with higher selling prices, it has become necessary for the Company to invest
           more in R&D. The Company will actively invest in R&D to attract more users through continuous
           innovation in products and services, to build a lasting brand awareness.

     3.    Risk of fluctuations in raw material prices. The Company’s products and core components use
           metal raw materials such as steel, aluminium, and copper, as well as commodities such as plastics
           and foam. If the prices of raw materials continue to surge, it will put certain pressure on the
           Company’s production and operations. In addition, the Company relies on third party manufacturers
           and suppliers for key raw materials, components, and manufacturing equipment, as well as OEM
           suppliers, and any disruption in supply or significant price increases by these suppliers will have a
           negative impact on the Company’s business. As a leader in the industry, the Company will take
           measures including volume & price adjustment mechanism as well as hedging to reduce the risk of raw
           material fluctuations on its operations.

     4.    Operational risks in overseas business. The Company has steadily developed its global business
           and has established production bases, R&D centres, and marketing centres in many parts of the
           world, with the proportion of overseas revenue increasing year by year. Overseas markets are subject
           to political and economic situations (including events such as military conflicts and wars), legal systems
           and regulatory regimes of those countries and regions. Significant changes in these factors will pose
           certain risks to the Company’s local operations in these markets. The Company has taken various
           measures to mitigate the relevant impacts, including collaborating with suppliers and distributors,
           improving production efficiency to offset the impact on the overall cost of sales, potentially expanding
           the Company’s supply resources to other countries, and adopting safety measures to protect its
           people and assets.




46   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                              Business Review




ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD (continued)
Possible Risks (continued)
5.   Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. As the Company expands its global footprint, the import and
     export of the Company’s products involve the exchange of foreign currencies such as the U.S. dollar,
     the Euro, and the Japanese yen. If the exchange rates of the relevant currencies fluctuate, it will have
     a certain impact on the Company’s financial position and increase its financial costs. In addition, the
     Company’s consolidated financial statements are denominated in Renminbi, while the financial
     statements of its subsidiaries are measured and reported in the currency of their primary economic
     environment in which the entity operates and are therefore subject to currency exchange risk. In this
     regard, the Company uses hedging instruments to reduce its exposure to exchange rate fluctuations.

6.   Risk of policy changes. The home appliance industry is closely related to the consumer market and
     the real estate market. Changes in macroeconomic policies, consumption investment policies, real
     estate policies and relevant laws and regulations will affect product demand from distributors, which in
     turn will affect product sales of the Company. The Company will closely monitor changes in the
     relevant policies, laws, and regulations, and make forecasts of market changes, in order to ensure
     further development of the Company.

7.   Credit risk. There is possibility that the Company will be unable to collect all trade receivables from its
     distributors, or distributors are not able to settle the Company’s trade receivables in a timely manner,
     in which the Company’s business, financial status, and operation performance may be affected. In
     relation to this risk, the Company will maintain flexibility by offering credit period of 30 to 90 days to
     certain distributors based on their credit history and transaction amount.

8.   Inventory risk. Excess inventory might occur as the Company cannot always accurately predict trends
     and events and maintain appropriate inventory levels; thus, the Company may be forced to offer
     discounts or promotions to manage the slow-moving inventory. On the other hand, a shortage of
     inventory may lead to loss of sales opportunities for the Company. However, the Company will
     manage its inventory and adjust according to market situation and will conduct regular impairment
     assessment of its inventory.

9.   Risk of changes in retail channels. The retail channel landscape in China is experiencing a major
     shift. National retail chains, which previously dominated first- and second-tier markets, are shrinking in
     size. As these chains accounted for a significant share of mid-range to high-end product sales, their
     decline will impact high-end sales for a certain period.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   47
     FINANCIAL REVIEW



     In 2022, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB243,485 million, representing an increase of
     7.2% from RMB227,081 million (restated) in 2021. The profit for the year attributable to owners of the
     Company was RMB14,711 million, representing an increase of 12.5% from RMB13,079 million (restated) in
     2021.

     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT
              Items                                            2022               2021            Change
                                                             RMB’M             RMB’M                  %
                                                                             (Restated)


              Revenue
              Smart Home Business in China                   126,359           120,774                 4.6
                 Refrigerator/Freezers                        43,182             41,730                3.5
                 Kitchen Appliances                            3,764              3,495                7.7
                 Air-conditioners                             33,944             32,189                5.5
                 Laundry Appliances                           31,614             30,659                3.1
                 Water Appliances                             13,855             12,701                9.1
              Smart Home Business Overseas                   125,424           113,725               10.3
              Other Businesses                                84,242             91,708               (8.1)
              Inter-segment eliminations                     (92,540)           (99,126)              (6.6)


              Consolidated revenue                           243,485           227,081                7.2
              Adjusted operation profit*                      15,011            13,568               10.6
              Profit for the year attributable to owners
                of the Company                                14,711            13,079               12.5
              Earnings per share attributable to ordinary
                equity holders of the Company
                Basic
                — Profit for the year                       RMB1.58           RMB1.41                12.1


                Diluted
                — Profit for the year                       RMB1.57           RMB1.40                12.1




48   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     The following table summarises our revenue by geographical location for the periods indicated:


                                                                             2022                    2021                   Change
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M                         %
                                                                                                (Restated)


         China                                                            116,726                  111,842                       4.4
         Other countries/regions                                          126,759                  115,239                      10.0


         Total                                                            243,485                  227,081                       7.2

     *       Adjusted operation profit is defined as profit before taxation less interest income and expenses, exchange gains or losses,
             investment gains or losses, gain on disposal of subsidiaries, government incentives and share of profits or losses of
             associates.


     In 2022, the Group’s revenue increased by 7.2% from approximately RMB227,081 million (restated) to
     RMB243,485 million. The Group’s steady revenue growth was driven by: (1) our high-end brands and
     the Three-Winged Bird scenario brand which boosted suite product sales and transactions; (2)
     overseas market expansions through leveraging globalized supply chain system and R&D platform to
     launch leading products and increase the price index of overseas products; (3) the development of
     new product categories including tumble dryers, dishwashers, heat pumps and home cleaning robots.

     Revenue from the Smart Home Business in China increased by 4.6% from approximately RMB120,774
     million in 2021 to approximately RMB126,359 million in 2022. Growth was driven by: (1) increasing
     market shares of refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, and water heaters, which
     outperformed industry growth; (2) an expanded e-commerce and franchised store distribution network,
     which showed positive growth momentum; (3) increased suite product sales and average ticket price
     from Three-Winged Bird scenario-based solutions; (4) enhanced user engagement and conversions
     through services and designs for urban communities, and in-home services for rural households.

     (1)     Household Food Solutions
             Revenue from the refrigerator/freezers increased by 3.5% from approximately RMB41,730 million
             in 2021 to approximately RMB43,182 million in 2022. The refrigerator/freezer business
             spearheaded the industry trends in freshness preservation, large-volume products and smart
             connectivity. We served a variety of user needs through the brand matrix of Casarte, Haier and
             Leader, and achieved growth in market share and revenue.

             Revenue from the kitchen appliances increased by 7.7% from approximately RMB3,495 million in
             2021 to approximately RMB3,764 million in 2022. The kitchen appliance business accelerated
             high-end growth by expanding the Casarte product portfolio, which increased Casarte’s market
             share.




                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022      49
     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           (2)    Household Air Solutions
                  Revenue from the air-conditioners increased by 5.5% from approximately RMB32,189 million in
                  2021 to approximately RMB33,944 million in 2022. The home air conditioner business achieved
                  substantial increase in market share by strengthening its distribution network, boosting reputation
                  among distributors and consumers, increasing in-house production of components, and
                  deepening supply chain integration. The commercial air conditioner business achieved rapid
                  growth by expanding from HVAC equipment into energy management and smart integrated
                  solutions for property buildings.

           (3)    Household Clothing Solutions
                  Revenue from the laundry appliances increased by 3.1% from approximately RMB30,659 million
                  in 2021 to approximately RMB31,614 million in 2022. The washing machine business
                  strengthened high-end market leadership through product innovation, and the Group’s washing
                  machine market share continued to grow. The business also captured new growth opportunities
                  in tumble dryers, with tumble dryer revenue soaring more than 80% in 2022.

           (4)    Household Water Solutions
                  Revenue from the water appliances increased by 9.1% from approximately RMB12,701 million in
                  2021 to approximately RMB13,855 million in 2022. The Group’s water heater business continued
                  to gain market share through product innovation. The water purification business strengthened
                  competitiveness through product innovation and enhanced supply chain capability with revenue
                  increase of 9%.

           (5)    Smart Home Business Overseas
                  Revenue from smart home business overseas increased by 10.3% from approximately
                  RMB113,725 million in 2021 to approximately RMB125,424 million in 2022. The Group leveraged
                  its globalized R&D platform for rapid product iterations, leading to a growing proportion of
                  high-end products. Its globalized supply chain strategy enabled flexible supply and efficient
                  synergies in production to swiftly cater to local demand.

           Profit for the Year Attributable to Owners of the Company
           In 2022, the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB14,711
           million, representing an increase of 12.5% from approximately RMB13,079 million (restated) in 2021.




50   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                            Financial Review




1.   ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
     Adjusted Operating Profit
     Adjusted operating profit was defined as profit before tax, net of interest income and expenses, net
     foreign exchange gains or losses, investment gains and losses (including dividend income from equity
     instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, return on investment in
     other financial assets), gains on disposal of subsidiaries, government grants and share of profits and
     losses of associates. By excluding these items, it is easier for the management and investors to
     compare the Group’s financial results over multiple periods and analyse the trends of its operations.

     Adjusted operating profit is used as a non-IFRS measure to evaluate the Group’s results of operations.
     This measure provides investors with valuable information of the Group’s ongoing operation
     performance because it reveals its business trends that may be obscured by the net effect of realized
     capital gains and losses, fair value changes on derivative financial instruments, gains and losses on
     disposal of operations and other significant non-recurring or unusual items.

     In 2022, the adjusted operating profit of the Group was approximately RMB15,011 million,
     representing an increase of 10.6% as compared to approximately RMB13,568 million (restated) in
     2021. The increase in adjusted operating profit was driven by growth in the Group’s China business
     segments and its overseas home appliances and smart home businesses.

     The following table sets forth the reconciliation between the Group’s adjusted operating profit and
     profit before tax prepared in accordance with IFRS in 2022 and 2021:


                                                                                 2022                   2021
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


      Profit before tax                                                         17,790                 15,937
      Adjustments:
      Bank interest income                                                         (826)                  (539)
      Foreign exchange (gains)/losses                                              (371)                   577
      Government grants                                                            (767)                  (719)
      Return on investments in other financial assets                              (192)                  (453)
      Dividend income from an equity investment designated
        at fair value through other comprehensive income                            (32)                    (59)
      Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                (4)                    (2)
      Finance costs                                                                 995                    714
      Share of profits or losses of associates                                   (1,582)                (1,888)


      Adjusted operating profit                                                 15,011                 13,568




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   51
     Financial Review




     1.    ANALYSIS OF REVENUE AND PROFIT (continued)
           Gross Profit Margins
           In 2022, the overall gross profit margin of the Group was approximately 30.6%, remains basically the
           same from approximately 30.6% (restated) in 2021.

           In 2022, the gross profit margin of the Smart Home Business in China increased by 0.6 percentage
           points year-on-year. The domestic market achieved higher gross profit margin year-on-year due to
           improved product mix, globalised R&D, digital transformation of procurement and R&D processes, and
           lower commodity prices in the second half of the year.

           Gross profit margin of Overseas Smart Home Business decreased by 0.4 percentage points
           year-on-year. This was mainly due to rising commodity prices partially offsetting the positive impacts of
           product mix optimisation and price increases in overseas markets, resulting in a year-on-year decline in
           gross profit margin.

           Selling and Distribution Expenses
           The ratio of selling and distribution expenses of the Group to its revenue was 15.9% in 2022, this was
           a decrease of 0.2 percentage points from 2021. The optimization of selling expense ratio was
           driven by implementation of digital initiatives to enhance operational efficiency in marketing, logistics
           and warehouses.

           Administrative Expenses
           The ratio of administrative expenses of the Group to its revenue was 8.9% in 2022, which remains the
           same as 2021. On one hand, the Group advanced digital transformation, optimizing processes on its
           digital platforms to enhance organizational efficiency, which reduced the administrative expense ratio
           by 0.2 percentage points; on the other hand, the Group increased R&D investment in IoT, big data
           applications and energy-efficient technologies, which enhanced its competitiveness in artificial
           intelligence and led to a 0.2 percentage point increase in administrative expense ratio.




52   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                        Financial Review




2.   FINANCIAL POSITION
       Items                                                                  2022                   2021
                                                                            RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                (Restated)


       Non-current assets                                                   105,460                 93,825
       Current assets                                                       130,383                123,916
       Current liabilities                                                  118,747                125,016
       Non-current liabilities                                               22,382                 11,450
       Net assets                                                            94,714                 81,275


     Cash and Cash Equivalents and Wealth Management Products from Other Financial
     Assets

     As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s total balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth
     management products from other financial assets increased by 15.4% from RMB47,684 million
     (restated) as at 31 December 2021 to RMB55,026 million as at 31 December 2022. The increase was
     mainly due to net cash inflow from operating activities partially offset by net cash outflow from
     investing activities and financing activities.


       Items                                                                  2022                   2021
                                                                            RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                (Restated)


       Cash and cash equivalents                                             53,369                 45,198
       Wealth management products from other financial assets
       — Current portion                                                      1,657                   2,486


       Total                                                                 55,026                 47,684


     Net Assets

     The Group’s net assets increased by 16.5% from RMB81,275 million (restated) as at 31 December
     2021 to RMB94,714 million as at 31 December 2022. The net asset increase was mainly driven by
     profit growth during the year.




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   53
     Financial Review




     2.    FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
           Working Capital
           Trade and Bills Receivables Turnover Days
           The Group’s trade and bills receivables turnover days as at the end of 2022 was 40 days,
           representing a decrease of 7 days as compared to the end of 2021. This was mainly due to the
           Group’s effective control over its trade and bills receivables.

           Inventory Turnover Days
           The Group’s inventory turnover days as at the end of 2022 was 88 days, representing an increase of
           8 days as compared to the end of 2021. This was mainly driven by higher inventory costs, which
           resulted from rising raw material and shipping costs overseas, as well as increased stockpiling.

           Trade and Bills Payable Turnover Days
           The Group’s settlement policy with suppliers remained stable. As at the end of 2022, trade and bills
           payable turnover days was 145 days, which remained largely unchanged as compared to the end of
           2021.

     3.    CASH FLOW ANALYSIS
              Items                                                                  2022                     2021
                                                                 Note             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                      (Restated)


              Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
                statement of cash flows at the beginning of
                the year                                                           45,198                45,789
              Net cash flow from operating activities                              20,153                23,237
              Net cash flow used in investing activities           (a)              (8,920)               (8,063)
              Net cash flow used in financing activities           (b)              (3,822)             (15,660)
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                            760                     (105)


              Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the
                statement of cash flows at the end of
                the year                                                           53,369                45,198




54   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                             Financial Review




3.   CASH FLOW ANALYSIS (continued)
     Net cash inflow from operating activities for the year amounted to RMB20,153 million. Net cash flow
     from operation activities to net profit was 1.37. This was mainly benefited from the Group’s
     improvement in working capital management in China.

     (a)   Net cash outflow from investing activities for the year amounted to RMB8,920 million, representing
           an increase of 10.6% as compared to last year, with the details as follows:


            Items                                                               2022                      2021
                                                                              RMB’M                    RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


            Payment for purchases of non-current assets                         (8,204)                   (7,372)
            Purchase of wealth management products                                (110)                     (237)
            Net cash outflow for subsidiaries acquisition and
               disposal                                                           (240)                     (220)
            Cash from disposal of fixed assets and
               leasehold land                                                      229                       290
            Dividend from an associate                                             523                       553
            Interest received from wealth management
               products                                                            136                         4
            Acquisition of minority interest in a subsidiary                        —                       (263)
            Purchase of equity investments designated as at
               fair value through other comprehensive income                    (1,028)                     (740)
            Net cash outflow from other investing activities                      (226)                       (78)


            Net cash flow used in investing activities                          (8,920)                   (8,063)




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   55
     Financial Review




     3.    CASH FLOW ANALYSIS (continued)
           (b)    Net cash outflow in financing activities for the year amounted to RMB3,822 million, representing
                  a decrease of 75.6% as compared to last year, with details as follows:


                     Items                                                           2022                  2021
                                                                                   RMB’M                RMB’M
                                                                                                      (Restated)


                     Proceeds from borrowings                                       18,360               12,053
                     Repayment of borrowings                                       (14,688)             (19,550)
                     Repurchase of shares                                           (2,012)               (3,221)
                     Dividend paid to shareholders and
                        non-controlling interests                                   (4,332)               (3,481)
                     Interest paid                                                    (803)                 (555)
                     Lease payment                                                    (957)                 (769)
                     Transaction costs attributable to issue of
                        new shares                                                      (4)                (178)
                     Cash payment for business combination under
                        common control                                                (313)                   —
                     Issue of shares                                                   940                    —
                     Net cash outflow and inflow from other financing
                        activities                                                     (13)                  41


                     Net cash flow used in financing activities                     (3,822)             (15,660)




56   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                            Financial Review




LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
The Group focuses on cash flow management and has been able to maintain a healthy financial and liquidity
position. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a current ratio of 1.10 (31 December 2021: 0.99).


 Items                                                                            2022                   2021
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


 Cash and cash equivalents                                                       53,369                 45,198
 Wealth management products from other financial assets                           1,657                  2,486


                                                                                 55,026                 47,684
 Less:
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                                    (26,112)               (21,043)


 Net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
   products from other financial assets                                          28,914                 26,641


As at 31 December 2022, the wealth management products from other financial assets amounted to
RMB1,657 million as compared to RMB2,486 million in 2021.

Among the cash and cash equivalents and the wealth management products from other financial assets
balance, approximately 77% was denominated in Renminbi and the remaining 23% was denominated in
Euro, Hong Kong dollars, U.S. dollars, New Zealand Dollars and other currencies.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s net balance of cash and cash equivalents and wealth management
products from other financial assets amounted to RMB28,914 million (31 December 2021: RMB26,641
million (restated)), representing an increase of 8.5% as compared to 2021, mainly due to the increase of
cash inflow from operating activities.

In 2022, financial return of cash and cash equivalents and the return on wealth management products from
other financial assets amounted to RMB919 million, representing an increase of 53.4% as compared to
RMB599 million (restated) in 2021, which was mainly due to the enhancement of capital management
efficiency.

Refer to note 45 to the consolidated financial statements for the exposure of Group’s borrowings to the
interest rate changes at the year end.

The Group will continue to maintain stable liquidity in its operations in 2022 to ensure meeting its working
capital requirements in the coming year, and also for constructing super factory, as well as maintaining the
financial flexibility for future strategic investment opportunities.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   57
     Financial Review




     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL
     INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
     As of 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any significant investment or future plans for material
     investments or capital assets.

     Future capital expenditure planning: Capital expenditure in China market will mainly focus on, amongst other
     things, smart factory layout and the upgrade of employees’ work environments. Capital expenditure in the
     overseas market will mainly focus on, amongst other things, global supply chain layout and factory
     reconstruction, new product research and development and information technology construction to
     continuously improve overseas operation capacity. Investment capital will be financed through the
     Company’s internal or external capital and debt financing.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM CONVERTIBLE BONDS AND PLACEMENT OF
     SHARES
     On 18 December 2018, the Company raised issued A-Share convertible corporate bonds of approximately
     RMB3,007 million. After deducting issuing costs and other related expenses of approximately RMB23 million,
     the net proceeds from the issuance of the convertible bonds (the “Net Proceeds”) was approximately
     RMB2,984 million. As the A-Share convertible bonds in 2019 met the redemption conditions, the Directors of
     the Company decided to exercise the redemption right after consideration and approval, the Company
     redeemed the balance of the A-Share convertible bonds in full. After the redemption, the convertible bonds
     of the Company were delisted on 17 December 2019. At present, the A-Share convertible bonds no longer
     exist, but the funds raised from the issuance of the bonds have not been fully utilized.

     During the year, the Net Proceeds utilised was approximately RMB146 million. As of 31 December 2022,
     the unutilised Net Proceeds of approximately RMB181 million have been permanently reallocated to the
     working capital of the Company and will be utilized by the end of June 2023.

     Detailed breakdown and description of the Net Proceeds utilized during the year ended 31 December 2022
     are set out below:


                                                                         Amount of
                                                                     Net Proceeds                                     Unutilized
                                                Actual Net          utilized during                                Net Proceeds
                                            Proceeds as at         the year ended                                          as at
                                                 1 January           31 December              Reallocation         31 December
                                                      2022                    2022                   2022                  2022
                                                    RMB’M                    RMB’M                  RMB’M                RMB’M


         Investment projects                               249                     (68)                  (181)                     —
         Working Capital*                                   78                     (78)                   181                    181


                                                           327                    (146)                    —                     181

     *      The relevant investment projects have been completed and the remaining Net Proceeds have been permanently reallocated to the
            working capital of the Company and are expected to be fully utilized by the end of June 2023.




58   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                           Financial Review




USE OF PROCEEDS FROM CONVERTIBLE BONDS AND PLACEMENT OF
SHARES (continued)
On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with a placing agent for a placing of
new H Shares of the Company under the general mandate. The Company intends to further strengthen its
financial position through placing and utilising the net proceeds, mainly to support overseas business
expansion and investment in ESG related areas. On 21 January 2022, the placing of shares had been
completed. A total of 41,413,600 H Shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each have been placed to five
placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected with
the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price is HK$28.00 per H Share (whilst the closing
price per H Share was HK$32.70 on 11 January 2022). The net price, based on estimated expense, is
HK$27.77 per H Share.

The placees were Golden Sunflower, Segantii, PAG Pegasus Fund LP, Janchor and Valliance, which
respectively subscribed for 34,856,200, 2,185,800, 2,176,400, 1,311,400 and 883,800 placing shares, the
consideration of which respectively amounted to HK$975,973,600, HK$61,202,400, HK$60,939,200,
HK$36,719,200 and HK$24,746,400.

The gross proceeds and net proceeds from the placing amounted to approximately HK$1,159.58 million and
approximately HK$1,149.98 million respectively. The net proceeds of the placing will be used as to (i) 70%
for production capacity expansion of overseas industrial parks; (ii) 15% for investment in ESG
(Environmental, Social, Governance) related areas; (iii) 10% for digitalization and upgrade of overseas
industrial parks; and (iv) 5% for overseas channel expansion and promotion, and is expected to be fully
utilised by December 2024. The above use was consistent with the intended use of proceeds previously
disclosed by the Company.

Detailed breakdown and description of the net proceeds utilized during the year ended 31 December 2022
are set out below:


                                                     Amount of
                                         Actual   net proceeds          Unutilized
                                  net proceeds utilized during       net proceeds
                                          as at the year ended               as at
                                     1 January    31 December        31 December
                                          2022            2022               2022         Relevant projects
                                         HK$’M           HK$’M              HK$’M


 Production capacity expansion                                                            Industry park
   of overseas industrial parks          804.98             63.81            741.17         project in Egypt
 Investment in ESG
   (Environmental, Social,
   Governance) related areas             172.50                —             172.50       —
 Further digitalization of
   overseas industrial parks             115.00                —             115.00       —
 Overseas channel expansion
   and promotion                          57.50                —               57.50      —


                                       1,149.98             63.81          1,086.17       —




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   59
     Financial Review




     CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
     The Company assesses its capital expenditure and investments in each business segment of the Group in
     China and the overseas home appliances and smart home business from time to time. The capital
     expenditure during the year was RMB8,204 million (2021: RMB7,372 million), in which RMB4,299 million and
     RMB3,905 million was mainly used in China and overseas respectively for the construction of plant and
     equipment, property rental expenses, and investment of information infrastructure.

     GEARING RATIO
     As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s gearing ratio (defined as total borrowings (including interest-bearing
     borrowings, lease liabilities and convertible bond) divided by net assets of the Group) was 31.5%, while it
     was 29.6% for 2021. This was mainly due to new policy-based concessional loans in China and new
     working capital loans overseas.

     TREASURY POLICIES
     The Group adopts a prudent approach for its cash management and risk control. Due to the global
     presence of our business, our results of operations are affected by foreign exchange rate movements, both
     on a transactional and translation basis.

     The Group is primarily exposed to movements in the Renminbi, our reporting currency, against US dollar
     and, to a lesser extent, Euro and Japanese Yen. The translational effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise
     because the financial results of the Group’s subsidiaries are measured in the currency of the primary
     economic environment in which they operate (its functional currency). The results of operations of our global
     subsidiaries are, therefore, measured in currencies other than Renminbi and are then translated into
     Renminbi for the presentation of our financial results in the consolidated financial statements. Consequently,
     fluctuations in the applicable foreign currency exchange rates may increase or decrease the Renminbi value
     of our non-Renminbi assets, liabilities, revenues and costs, even if their value has not changed in their local
     functional currency.

     The transactional effects of exchange rate fluctuations arise when one of the Group’s subsidiaries enters into
     a sale or purchase transaction in a currency other than its functional currency. The principal source of
     transaction risk arises from the fact that most of our costs are measured in RMB, while most of our sales
     are invoiced in other currencies (including US dollar, Euro and Japanese Yen). The Group attempts to match
     costs and revenues along the value chain in the local markets in the same currency, creating a natural
     hedge for some of the transaction risks. The Group also uses forward foreign exchange contracts to
     mitigate its transactional exchange rate exposure.

     CAPITAL COMMITMENT
     The Group’s capital commitments contracted but not yet provided for amounted to RMB4,008 million as at
     31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: RMB3,159 million), which were mainly related to the Group’s
     domestic and overseas factories construction projects.

     CHARGE OF ASSETS
     As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s trade and bills receivables with a net carrying value of RMB71 million
     (31 December 2021: RMB263 million) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank loans.

     In addition, as at 31 December 2022, certain of the Group’s bills payable were secured by the pledge of the
     Group’s bank deposits amounting to RMB642 million (31 December 2021: RMB744 million) and the Group’s
     bills receivable amounting to RMB8,715 million (31 December 2021: RMB12,449 million).



60   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                Financial Review




CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
At the end of the reporting period, neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent
liabilities.

RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, REMUNERATION POLICY
Under the management model of “RenDanHeYi”, the Company adheres to the remuneration concept of
integrating user pay, value creation and value sharing. By providing employees with a short-, medium- and
long-term remuneration incentive system combining labour income, surplus profit sharing and capital gain, as
well as all-rounded welfare policies and employee caring schemes, the Company encourages employees to
perform their duties with an entrepreneurial mindset, and align employee value with company value and
shareholder value, so as to continuous improve user experience and create a win-win situation in the
development of both the Company and its employees. For the basis under the remuneration policy that used
to determine the emolument payable to Directors, please refer to the section regarding the Remuneration
and Appraisal Committee in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Company has established a wide range of multi-dimensional incentive mechanism and continues to
implement the “A+H” global incentive system covering both domestic and foreign employees to attract,
motivate and stabilize the Company’s core talent.

The total number of employees of the Group increased by 4.5% to 109,586 as at 31 December 2022 from
104,874 as at 31 December 2021.

RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The Group values its customers and suppliers as major partners and stakeholders. A healthy and
competitive partnership network is fundamental to the Group’s success.

In China, we serve our customers through a comprehensive omni-channel sales network consisting of offline
and online channels. Our offline sales and distribution network in China primarily consists of the following: (i)
our franchised stores and their extended sales network, (ii) national chain store retailors (being Suning and
Wuxing), (iii) regional chain store retailors, and (iv) other sales channels selling to our business partners. We
also offer our products through online channels including: (i) directly selling to end-customers through our
own Haier Smart Home App or B2C platforms such as our flagship store on Tmall.com, and (ii) selling our
products to B2B2C channels such as JD.com.

All of our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores and online B2B2C platforms are
independent third parties. Our relationship with our franchisees, national chain stores, regional chain stores
and online B2B2C platforms is in essence a buyer and seller relationship. They are our customers and they
do not act on our behalf when dealing with their respective end customers, and we have no management
control over their daily operations or their inventories level. Our franchisees, national chain stores, regional
chain stores and online B2B2C platforms place orders with us when and to the extent they deem
appropriate. We monitor their sales performance and provide marketing guidance to them. Based on their
sales performance, we may consider enhancing, weakening or even terminating our cooperation relationships
with our retailors and distributors. In general, our relationships with our major franchisees, national chain
stores, major regional chain stores and major online B2B2C platforms have remained stable. There was no
material non-compliance with the terms and conditions of our agreements with them.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   61
     Financial Review




     RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS (continued)
     North America and Europe are our two largest overseas markets and a substantial part of our overseas
     sales are made through local retailors. We also sell our products through online channels. We have
     established stable business relationship with our retailors and other customers. In the North America, we
     have maintained good collaboration with them through various kinds of branding, sales, marketing and
     promotion activities, which does not only enhance the sale of our products, but also promotes our brand
     recognition among the consumers covering various demographical groups. In Europe, our principal sales
     channels cover retail stores and e-commerce platforms. Similar to our approach in the North America, we
     also strategically select our retailors in Europe based on various criteria including market share, market
     positioning, and reputation of the customers, in order to maximise the reach of our products to consumers.
     We maintain stable business relationship with our online and offline customers.

     Through our information feedback system, customer feedback is sent to the suppliers in real time and is a
     key part of the suppliers’ key performance indicator in their on-going evaluations. For overseas suppliers,
     their performance is also closely monitored by the local teams in accordance with the requirements set forth
     in the agreement, as well as the local customs.

     Prospective suppliers can register on our online platform. Once registered, a supplier will be vetted for its
     business, product quality, technical capabilities, and social responsibilities, among other criteria. Once a
     supplier has been approved, it is added to the pool of pre-qualified suppliers and becomes eligible to bid for
     the relevant orders from us. The orders are posted on our online platform and open to suppliers for bidding.
     We strive to make the bidding process transparent and fair for all of the participating suppliers. Once the bid
     is selected, the supplier will sign a contract with us and officially becomes our supplier. The suppliers’
     performance can be rated by the customers through the same online platform. Based on the customers’
     feedback, the system can automatically adjust and optimise the supply strategies.

     We typically seek to enter into long-term agreements with our strategic suppliers. For other suppliers, the
     agreements are generally renewed annually. The payment terms for our suppliers vary, but the typical
     payment period for suppliers is “3+6” in China, meaning that we serve our suppliers with banker’s
     acceptances with a term of six months after an initial credit period of three months. We typically do not
     have a fixed and standard payment period for suppliers in our overseas markets.

     MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
     The Board of the Company approved on 28 April 2022 that Qingdao Haier Smart Life Electric Co. Ltd. (“Life
     Electric Co.”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Agreement on the Transfer of
     Equity Interest in Qingdao TAB Robot Technology Co., LTD (“TAB”) with Qingdao Haier Interconnect
     Technology Co. Ltd. (“Interconnect Co.”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group. Pursuant to this
     agreement, Life Electric Co. acquired 100% of the equity interest in TAB from Interconnect Co., and Life
     Electric Co. shall pay a consideration of RMB125 million in cash for the transfer of the equity interest.

     The Board of the Company approved on 28 April 2022 that Haier Shareholdings (Hong Kong) Limited (“Haier
     Hong Kong”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Agreement on the Transfer of
     Equity Interest in Qingdao Haier Mold Co., Ltd. (“Mold Company”) with Qingdao Haier Mold Smart Cloud
     Technology Co., Ltd. (“Haier Mold Technology”), an indirect subsidiary controlled by Haier Group. Pursuant
     to this agreement Haier Hong Kong sold 25% of the equity interest in the Mold Company to Haier Mold
     Technology, and Haier Mold Technology shall pay a consideration of RMB277 million in cash for the transfer
     of the equity interest.




62   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                              Financial Review




MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS (continued)
The Board of the Company approved on 29 August 2022 that Special Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Equity Transfer Agreements with Haier Group
Corporation, Haier COSMO Co., Ltd. and Qingdao Haier Tooling Development Co., Ltd. respectively (the
“Transferors” which hold 30.23%, 65.58% and 4.19% equity interest in Qingdao Haier Special Plastic R&D
Co., Ltd. (“Special Plastic Co., Ltd.”) respectively). Pursuant to these agreements, Special Refrigerator Co.,
Ltd. acquired from the Transferors 100% of the equity interest in Special Plastic Co., Ltd. Special
Refrigerator Co., Ltd. shall pay a total consideration of RMB152 million in cash for the transfer of the equity
interest.

As at the end of the reporting period, the transactions were completed.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
According to the resolution of the 4th meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Directors of the
Company held on 30 March 2023, the profit for the year is proposed to be distributed on the basis of the
total number of shares on the record date after deducting the repurchased shares from the repurchased
account when the plan is implemented in the future, the Company declared cash dividend of RMB5.66
(including taxes) for every 10 shares to all shareholders.

DIVIDENDS
The Board proposes the distribution of the final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 of RMB5.66
in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax), totaling approximately RMB5.30 billion based on the current
total issued capital, net of repurchased shares but not yet cancelled. This dividend represented
approximately 36% of the profit attributable to the owners of the Company. Where the total share capital of
the Company changes before the registration date for the implementation of the equity distribution, it is
expected to maintain the total distribution unchanged and adjust the distribution ratio per share accordingly.

This dividend distribution proposal shall be subject to the consideration and approval at the Company’s
2022 annual general meeting, and the final dividend is expected to be distributed to shareholders in two
months from the 2022 annual general meeting.

Dividends for D-Shares and H-Shares shall be paid in foreign currencies. According to the Articles of
Association of the Company, the applicable rate of exchange shall be average exchange rate (medium rates)
for converting Renminbi into foreign currencies as quoted by The People’s Bank of China for a week
immediately prior to the announcement of dividend.

Notice of the 2022 annual general meeting will announce the date of the 2022 annual meeting of the
Company and details of relevant book closure of H Shares, as well as the arrangement of book closure of H
Shares for the final dividend.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   63
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) and the management (the “Management”) of Haier
     Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) recognise that sound corporate practices are crucial to the efficient
     operation of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) and the safeguarding of our
     shareholders’ interests. In this regard, the Board gives high priority to enhance the Company’s corporate
     governance standards with emphasis on transparency, accountability and independence in order to enhance
     the long-term value of our shareholders.

     The Company has complied with the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provision(s)”) and principles
     under the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange”) during the year ended 31 December 2022 except for certain deviations as described
     below. The Board shall review its code from time to time to ensure its continuous compliance with the
     Code. This report describes the Company’s corporate governance practices, explains its applications of and
     deviations from the Code (if any), together with considered reasons for such deviations (if applicable).

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Composition
     As at 31 December 2022, the Board comprised two Executive Directors (Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman) and Mr.
     GONG Wei), three Non-executive Directors (Mr. YU Hon To, David, Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun and Ms. SHAO
     Xinzhi) and four Independent Non-executive Directors (Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun, Mr. WONG Hak Kun, Mr. LI
     Shipeng and Mr. WU Qi) (the “INED(s)”).

     The Board has at least one-third in number of its members comprising INEDs throughout the year. The
     Company has also fulfilled the requirements of the composition of the Company’s audit committee,
     remuneration committee and the nomination committee under the Listing Rules.

     At least one of the INEDs possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
     management expertise under Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules. The Directors are well-versed in respective
     areas such as accounting and finance, business management and industry knowledge and the Board as a
     whole has achieved an appropriate balance of skills and experience. The chairman of the Board and the
     nomination committee will review the composition of the board from time to time so as to enhance it for
     meeting the strategic objectives of the Company. The Directors’ biographical details are set out on pages 12
     to 18 of this annual report.

     To the best of the Company’s knowledge, there is no financial or family relationship among the Board
     members and the supervisors. All of them are free to exercise their independent judgment on all matters
     concerning the Company.

     The Articles of Association of the Company (“Articles of Association”) have stated clearly the procedures for
     the appointment of new directors, re-election and removal of directors. Under the Articles of Association, the
     Board may from time to time to nominate a director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the
     Board, subject to the election at the next following general meeting of the Company.

     Non-executive Directors of the Company are all elected by the general meetings, with term of office of three
     years, which are renewable upon re-election and reappointment.



64   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board diversity policy
The Company recognizes that Board diversity will help improve corporate governance, increase the efficiency
of the Board, reduce management and control risks and make better decisions, thereby achieving the
sustainable and healthy development of the Company.

When determining the composition of the Board, the Company will take into full consideration the Board
diversity, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, regions,
professional experience, skills, knowledge and service terms of Directors as well as other regulatory
requirements.

Appointments of Board members will be made on a merit basis and requirements for Board diversity will be
fully considered, with a focus on evaluating which skills, experience, and diverse viewpoints and
perspectives the candidates can bring to the Board, and how they can contribute to the Board.

The Nomination Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising and reporting to the Board
matters concerning diversification of the Board members; working out the composition of the Board
members, evaluating the professional experience, skills, knowledge and other diverse factors required by the
Board, and making recommendations to the Board; searching for and nominating Director candidates and
reporting the same to the Board for approval; supervising the appointment made by the Board; and ensuring
that the recruitment and selection from the Board to common staff proceed according to proper
procedures.

The Company shall establish and implement relevant plans to develop a broader and more diverse pool of
skilled and experienced employees, so that, in time, their skills will prepare them for senior management and
board positions.

The Nomination Committee will consider and, if appropriate, set measurable objectives to implement the
Board diversity policy and review such objectives to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress
made towards achieving those objectives. The Nomination Committee of the Company will be responsible for
monitoring the implementation of the Board diversity policy, evaluating the diversity of the Company every
year and reviewing the Board diversity policy as appropriate, discussing any revisions required, and making
recommendations to the Board for approval before implementation.

The achievements made from above Board diversity measures during the year included the followings:

During the reporting period, as the term of the 10th session of the Board expired, and the Company
completed the change to the 11th session of the Board. The new Board of Directors comprises of nine
Directors, including two executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and four independent
non-executive Directors. In particular, there are two female Directors, accounting for 22.2%, an increase of
13.2 percentage points as compared to the percentage of female Directors (9%) in the previous term; and
four independent Directors, accounting for 44.4%, an increase of 8.1 percentage points compared to the
previous term (36.3%). Members of the new Board of Directors have extensive knowledge and experience in
industry experience, Internet of Things, corporate governance, global market experience, financial
management and risk management, which will help the Board of Directors to make the best decisions for
the sustainable and healthy development of the Company.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   65
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board diversity policy (continued)
     The Board had achieved to have two female Directors upon transition to new 11th session of the Board
     during the year. The Board considers that current gender diversity has met the diversity policy of the
     Company and has met the requirement stipulated in the relevant Listing Rules.

     The Company will continue to maintain gender diversity on the Board, and the Nomination Committee will
     proactively consider the increase in the proportion of female members when selecting and making
     recommendations on suitable candidates for Board membership. Through the Board diversity policy, the
     annual assessment by Nomination Committee on Board structure, and the measures for ensuring gender
     diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level, the Company could develop a pipeline of potential
     successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity.

     The Company had 109,586 employees from 53 countries around the world, including 38,270 overseas
     employees. Details break-down by gender at the end of reporting year are as follows:


                                                              Male employees              Female employees
                                                               2022        2021             2022        2021


       Percentage of employees by gender:
       Domestic                                                73.9%          74.9%         26.1%          25.1%
       Overseas                                                65.2%          66.6%         34.8%          33.4%
       Overall                                                 70.9%          72.1%         29.1%          27.9%

       Percentage of senior management by gender:
       Overall                                                 75.0%          77.8%         25.0%          22.2%


     The Group had targeted to increase the ratios of female members in senior management and the overall
     workforce, and had achieved such increases during the year. The Board considers that current gender
     diversity in senior management and the overall workforce have met the business needs.

     Based on business development and operational needs, the Company will take into full consideration of the
     following factors when recruiting its employees, including skills, age and gender diversity, and will strive to
     achieve a balanced proportion of our employee in skills, age and gender.

     Corporate strategy
     The Board awares and understands the Group’s purpose, values, mission and long term strategic business
     plans, reflects this understanding on the related key issues discussions and satisfies that these and the
     Company’s culture are aligned. The Chairman of the Board organises meetings and regularly presents the
     Group’s values, mission and long-term strategic business plans to members of the Board as well as key
     management of local and overseas subsidiaries.




66   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Delegation by the Board
The Directors are collectively responsible for setting the Group’s strategies, providing leadership and
guidance to put them into effect, reviewing and monitoring the performance of the Group and are
accountable to the Company’s shareholders. To maximise the effectiveness of the Group’s operations, the
Board has delegated management and administration of the Group’s daily operations to the Executive
Directors, chief executive officer (“CEO”) and the Management while reserved several important matters for
its approval. To this end, the Articles of Association of the Company have set out the division of functions
between the Board and the Management (including the Executive Directors and the CEO).

The major functions of the Board and the Management are summarized as follows:

The Board is principally responsible for:

1.   determining the Company’s business plans and investment schemes;

2.   formulating the Company’s annual budgets and final accounts;

3.   formulating the Company’s profit distribution plan and plan for covering losses;

4.   formulating the Company’s plans for increase or reduction of registered capital, issuance of bonds or
     other securities and listing plan;

5.   formulating the Company’s plans for significant acquisition, merger and acquisition, division, dissolution
     and change of corporate form;

6.   determining establishment of the Company’s internal management mechanisms;

7.   determining establishment of the Company’s basic management rules and the plans for amendment of
     the Articles of Association;

8.   any other functions and powers accorded by laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and
     the listing rules of the place where the securities of the Company are listed or the Articles of
     Association or other authorities granted by the shareholders’ general meeting; and

9.   subject to the requirements of the Listing Rules and other regulations, approving transactions in which
     connected person(s) (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company is/are considered having material
     interests.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   67
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Delegation by the Board (continued)
     The Management is principally responsible for:

     1.    exercising all such other powers and performing all such other acts as may be exercised and performed
           by the Directors, save and except for those that may specifically be reserved by the Board and/or the
           committees set up by the Board for decision and implementation; or those that may only be exercised
           by the Board pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and other regulations in the PRC, the Articles
           of association, the Listing Rules, the Hong Kong Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-
           backs;

     2.    presiding over production and operation management of the Company, organizing implementation of
           Board resolutions and reporting to the Board of Directors on their work;

     3.    organising the implementation of the Company’s annual business plans and investment plans;

     4.    formulating plans for establishment of internal management mechanisms of the Company;

     5.    formulating basic management rules, and specific rules and regulations of the Company;

     6.    determining the appointment or dismissal of management personnel other than those whose appointment
           or dismissal be decided by the Board of Directors; and

     7.    monitoring the executions of the continuing connected transactions between connected person(s) (as
           defined in the Listing Rules and other regulations) and the Company to ensure their compliance with
           the relevant rules and regulation.

     The Board reviews those arrangements on a periodic basis to ensure that they remain appropriate to the
     needs of the Group.




68   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)
Under code provision C.2.1 of the Code, the roles of chairman and CEO should be separated and should
not be performed by the same individual. Since 28 June 2022, Mr. LI Huagang (“Mr. LI”), an Executive
Director, had served as the chairman and also the CEO of the Company. Mr. LI has been the CEO of the
Company since April 2019 and has assumed the role of chairman since 28 June 2022 when Mr. LIANG
Haishan retired as chairman of the Company.

The Board has continued reviewing the separation of chairman and CEO. After evaluation of the situation of
the Company and taking into account the experience and past performance of Mr. LI, the Board is of the
opinion that it is appropriate and in the best interests of the Group for Mr. LI to hold both positions as the
chairman and CEO of the Company as it helps to maintain the continuity of the policies and the stability of
the operations of the Group. It also helps to promote the efficient formulation and implementation of the
Company’s strategies which enabled the Group to seize business opportunities efficiently and promptly. The
Board comprising a vast majority of non-executive Directors also meets regularly on a quarterly basis to
review the operations of the Group and to consider other major matters affecting the business of the Group.

Accordingly, the Board believes that this arrangement would not have negative influence on the balance of
power and authorizations between the Board and the management of the Company. In addition, through the
continuing supervision of the Board and its independent non-executive Directors, checks and balances
continue to exist so that the interests of the shareholders are continued to be adequately and fairly
represented.

Independent Non-executive Directors (the “INED”)
The INEDs have the same duties of care and skill and fiduciary duties as the Executive Directors. They are
expressly identified as such in all corporate communications that disclose the names of the Directors.

The INEDs are experienced professionals with expertise in areas of accounting and finance, and business
management. With their professional knowledge and experience, the INEDs advise the Company on its
operation and management; provide independent opinions on the Company’s connected/continuing
connected transactions and other material transactions; participate in the Company’s Audit Committee
meetings, Remuneration and Appraisal Committee meetings, Nomination Committee meetings, Strategy
Committee meetings and Environmental, Social and Governance Committee meetings. The INEDs also
contribute to provide adequate checks and balances so as to protect the interests of the Company, to
enable the interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole are adequately and fairly represented, and to
promote the development of the Company.

No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements is granted to INEDs.

The chairman meets the INEDs at least once annually without the presence of other Directors to discuss any
topics they consider necessary.

The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the INEDs pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all INEDs independent as at the date of this report.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   69
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Supply of and access to information
     Newly appointed Directors will receive induction packages relating to the duties and responsibilities of
     directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

     All the Directors are briefed and updated from time to time on the latest legislative and regulatory
     developments, and they receive, in a timely manner, adequate information which is accurate, clear, complete
     and reliable to ensure that they are fully aware of their responsibilities under the Listing Rules, the Company
     Law of the PRC, the Articles of Association of the Company and other applicable legal and regulatory
     requirements.

     In order to ensure that their duties can be properly discharged, the Directors are entitled to seek advice
     from independent professional advisers whenever deemed necessary by them at the Company’s expense.

     Professional development
     The Directors paid significant attention to enhance their knowledge and expertise so as to discharge their
     duties and responsibilities more effectively. The Company would organize in-house training sessions for
     newly appointed directors which are conducted by professionals relating to the duties and responsibilities of
     directors under the Listing Rules and other applicable rules and regulations.

     During the year, all Directors have fully observed the Code Provision C.1.4 and have attended various
     relevant training programmes which include:

     (i)     In-house seminars sessions on topics relating to the business development of the Company;

     (ii)    participation and/or as speakers in relevant conferences and seminars organized by various external
             organizations relevant to the business or directors’ duties, for update on corporate governance, and for
             enhancing their business expertise; and

     (iii)   private study of materials relevant to the director’s duties and responsibilities.

     During the year, all Directors received regular updates on the Group’s business, operations, risk
     management, corporate governance matters, and changes on relevant laws and regulations applicable to the
     Group.

     During the year, the Company Secretary of the Company have taken no less than 15 hours of relevant
     professional training.




70   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board meetings
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board held six meetings to review and approve, among other
things, the 2021 annual results, 2022 interim and quarterly results; to discuss and review the strategic
transactions, placement of shares, connected transactions and other assets restructure plans; to discuss and
review the share based award proposals such as the Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), the
Restricted Share Unit Scheme (RSU), and the Share Option Incentive Scheme; to discuss and propose
various resolutions for shareholders’ general meetings. The Company’s board meetings (the “Board
Meeting(s)”) are permitted to be held by means of telephone or other means of electronic communication.

Sufficient notices are served and comprehensive information is provided to the Board members in advance
of all the Board Meetings in order to enable them to make informed decisions on all matters transacted at
the Board Meetings.

The proceedings of the Board Meetings are conducted by the Chairman of the Board or another Executive
Director who ensures that sufficient time is allowed for discussion among the Directors and equal
opportunities are being given to the Directors to express their views and share their concerns.

The Board Secretary and the Company Secretary attends the Board Meetings to advise Directors on
corporate governance practices, and statutory compliance, accounting and financial issues whenever
deemed necessary by the Board.

Board minutes are prepared for recording all matters transacted and resolved at the Board Meetings. Draft
and final versions of the Board minutes are sent to all Directors for their comments and records. Also, the
minutes of Board Meetings as well as meetings of Board committees are recorded in sufficient details of the
matters considered and decisions made, including concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views
expressed. All the Board minutes are also kept by the Board Secretary and are open for inspection by the
Directors.

The Company has mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. This was
achieved through the Board diversity and the appointment of independent directors. In June 2022, the
Company completed the change of the Board upon the expiration of the term of office, further enhancing
the independence of the Board. The new Board comprises of 4 independent Directors, accounting for
44.4% of the Board, an increase of 8.1 percentage points compared to the previous term (36.3%). All of the
independent Directors of the Company are experienced professionals with expertise in accounting, finance
and business management. In 2022, the independent Directors of the Company perform specific duties in
accordance with the Articles of Association and the listing rules of the places of listing, including
participating in the meetings of the special committees of the Company and advising the Company on its
operation and management; providing independent advices on connected transactions, profit distribution
plans and other significant transactions of the Company. By discharging their duties as mentioned above,
the independent Directors help to protect the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and
to promote the development of the Company. The chairman of each of the Company’s special committees
(except the Strategy Committee and ESG Committee) is an independent Director. The number of
independent Directors in the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Assessment Committee, the
Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee accounts for one-half or more of the total number of
committee members.



                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   71
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board meetings (continued)
     The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the Board Meetings during the year ended
     31 December 2022:


                                                                                                 No. of the
                                                                                           Board Meetings
                                                                                             attended/held


       Executive Directors:
       Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman)                                                                         6/6
       Mr. GONG Wei (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022)                                            3/3
       Mr. LIANG Haishan (Chairman) (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)                              3/3
       Mr. XIE Juzhi (Vice Chairman) (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)                             3/3

       Non-executive Directors:
       Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman) (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022)                         3/3
       Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                              6/6
       Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                                                                                6/6
       Mr. WU Changqi (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)                                            3/3
       Mr. LIN Sui (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)                                               3/3

       INEDs:
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                 6/6
       Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                  6/6
       Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                    6/6
       Mr. WU Qi                                                                                         6/6


     It is challenging to arrange the board meetings that fits in with the tight and busy schedules of all the
     Directors. To enable all the Directors to keep abreast of the Group’s latest development and to discharge
     their duties properly, the Board Secretary and the Company Secretary would brief the Directors on those
     matters transacted at the board meetings that they are unable to attend.




72   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors
The Company has adopted a model code for Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors (the
“Model Code”) on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
Listed Issuers set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Upon enquiry by the Company, all Directors and
Supervisors of the Company have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard as set out
in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2022.

In addition, the Board has adopted written guidelines (the “Employees’ Guidelines for Securities
Transactions”) for securities transactions by employees (the “Relevant Employees”) who are likely to be in
possession of unpublished price sensitive information of the Company on no less exacting terms than the
Model Code. Having made specific enquiries of all the Relevant Employees, the Company confirmed that all
the Relevant Employees had complied with the required standards as set out in the Employees’ Guidelines
for Securities Transactions throughout the year ended 31 December 2022.

Board Committees
The Board has established an Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”), a Remuneration and Appraisal
Committee (the “Remuneration and Appraisal Committee”), a Nomination Committee (the “Nomination
Committee”), a Strategy Committee (the “Strategy Committee”) and a Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee (the “ESG Committee”) (collectively the “Committees”) to oversee specific aspects of the
Company’s affairs. The Committees report to the Board regularly, and have been provided with sufficient
resources to discharge their respective duties. To reinforce independence, the chairmen of the Committees
other than the Strategy Committee and the ESG Committee are INEDs. Each of the Committees has
adopted specific terms of reference covering its duties, powers and functions which will be reviewed by the
Board from time to time. The Board Secretary also acts as secretary of the Committees. The Committees
adopt as far as practicable, the procedures and arrangement of the Board Meeting in relation to the
conduct of meetings, notice of meetings and recording of minutes. Further particulars of each of the
Committees are set out below:

(1)   Audit Committee
      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Audit Committee comprised five members throughout
      the year. The members are as follows:

      Mr. WONG Hak Kun;
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun;
      Mr. YU Hon To, David;
      Mr. WU Qi;
      Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (appointed as a member with effect from 28 June 2022); and
      Mr. WU Changqi (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)

      The Audit Committee was chaired by Mr. WONG Hak Kun. Mr. WONG, Mr. YU and Ms. SHAO
      possess the required accounting expertise. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee (as revised)
      are available on the respective websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   73
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (1)   Audit Committee (continued)
           The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to ensure the objectivity and credibility of financial
           reporting, to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of
           the Group’s external auditors and review of the Company’s financial controls, internal control and risk
           management systems. Each member of the Audit Committee has unrestricted access to the Group’s
           external auditor and the Management.

           During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Audit Committee held six meetings to review with the
           management the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group and to discuss financial
           reporting matters including the review of 2021 annual results and 2022 interim and quarterly results of
           the Group, review the adequacy of resources, accounting staff qualifications and experience, training
           programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions, review of the
           internal control procedures, the connected transactions and the continuing connected transactions,
           review of the significant transactions of the Group, review the reappointment of external auditors, and
           review the terms of reference of the Audit Committee, and other related issues.

           There is no disagreement between the Board and the Audit Committee regarding the selection,
           appointment, resignation or dismissal of external auditor. The annual results for the year ended
           31 December 2022 were also reviewed by the Audit Committee.

           The Board also has adopted the arrangement for employees of the Company to raise genuine
           concerns, in confidence, about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other
           matters in the Company and its subsidiaries. The Audit Committee monitors the execution of this
           arrangement.

           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Audit Committee during the year ended
           31 December 2022:


                                                                                                 No. of Audit
                                                                                          Committee meetings
                                                                                              attended/held


              Non-executive Directors:
              Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                          6/6
              Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (appointed as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                         3/3
              Mr. WU Changqi (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                            3/3

              INEDs:
              Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                              6/6
              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                             6/6
              Mr. WU Qi                                                                                     6/6




74   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
      The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee currently comprises three members including:

      Mr. LI Huagang (appointed as a member with effect from 28 June 2022);
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun;
      Mr. LI Shipeng;
      Mr. LIANG Haishan (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022);
      Mr. WU Changqi (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022); and
      Mr. WU Qi (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)

      The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is chaired by Mr. CHIEN Da-chun, an INED. The terms of
      reference of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (as revised) are available on the respective
      websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      The primary duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are to make recommendations to the
      Board on policies and structures of all remuneration of the Directors and senior management. Each of
      the Directors has not involved in the determination of his/her own remuneration.

      The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
      Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
      Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with
      reference to the Company’s performance, the prevailing market conditions and the performance or
      contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises basic
      salaries, pensions and discretionary bonuses. The remuneration for non-executive Directors and
      independent non-executive Directors is to ensure that non-executive Directors and Independent Non-
      executive Directors are adequately compensated for their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s
      affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for the non-executive
      Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises Director’s fees which are
      determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities and are subject to shareholders’ approval
      at general meetings.

      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held two
      meetings. At the meetings, members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee reviewed and
      made recommendations to the Board on the remuneration proposals and the performance based
      structures of the Directors and senior management, including the share based award proposals such
      as the 2022 A-share and H-share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), the 2022 H-share
      Restricted Share Unit Scheme (RSU), and the 2022 A-share Option Incentive Scheme. The
      Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considered these proposals by taking into account the factors
      such as remuneration packages and benefits offered by comparable companies, the respective
      contribution of each of the Directors and senior management to the Group and the business objectives
      of the Group. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee also considered the execution report of
      2021 incentive schemes in relation to the assessment of the Executive Directors and senior
      management.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   75
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (2)   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (continued)
           Particularly, in approving the 2022 share award and share option scheme, the Remuneration and
           Appraisal Committee has reviewed the material matters including (i) appropriateness of the number of
           share awards and share options to be granted; (ii) vesting period of no less than 12 months; (iii) plan
           of exercise or vesting which is linked with performance targets to be fulfilled by participants. There are
           no unusual or exceptional features in the share award and share option scheme that are contradictive
           with the relevant rules for which special approval from the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are
           required.

           The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee has adopted the model that it will review the proposals
           made by the Management on the remuneration of Executive Directors and senior managements with
           reference to the Board’s corporate policies and objectives, and make recommendations to the Board.
           The remuneration plans or proposals mainly include but not limited to performance appraisal criteria,
           procedures and key appraisal system, and major incentive and penalty plans and systems. The Board
           will have final authority to approve the recommendations made by the Remuneration Committee.

           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
           during the year ended 31 December 2022:


                                                                                            No. of Remuneration
                                                                                                   and Appraisal
                                                                                            Committee meetings
                                                                                                   attended/held


              Executive Directors:
              Mr. LIANG Haishan (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                            2/2
              Mr. LI Huagang (appointed as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                             0/0

              Non-executive Director:
              Mr. WU Changqi (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                               2/2

              INEDs:
              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                2/2
              Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                   2/2
              Mr. WU Qi (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                                    2/2


           Refer to note 13(b) to the consolidated financial statements for the details of remuneration payable to
           key management personnel (excluding Directors) of the Group by band.




76   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(3)   Nomination Committee
      The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members including:

      Mr. LI Huagang (appointed as a member with effect from 28 June 2022);
      Mr. LI Shipeng;
      Mr. WU Qi;
      Mr. LIANG Haishan (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022);
      Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022);
      Mr. WONG Hak Kun (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022); and
      Mr. YU Hon To, David (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)

      The Nomination Committee was chaired by Mr. WU Qi (an INED). The terms of reference of the
      Nomination Committee (as revised) are available on the respective websites of the Company and the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      The Nomination Committee is responsible for formulating nomination policy and making
      recommendations to the Board on nomination and appointment of Directors, senior management and
      Board succession. It also develops selection procedures of candidates for nomination, reviews the
      structure, size and composition of the Board and assesses the independence of the INEDs. The
      Company has provided the Nomination Committee sufficient resources to perform its duties.

      Nomination procedures include identification and acknowledgement of qualified individuals by the
      Nomination Committee and review and approval of such nomination by the Board. The Nomination
      Committee shall proactively communicate with the Company’s relevant departments, examine the
      Company’s demand for new directors and senior managers. The selection criteria for Directors are that
      the candidates must have substantial experience in business relevant to the Company, or in corporate
      management, or in relevant profession and must be able to contribute effectively to the objectives of
      the Company. In identifying suitable candidates for appointment to the Board, the Nomination
      Committee will consider candidates on merit against objective criteria (such as professional expertise,
      relevant experience, personal ethics etc.) and with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the
      Board. Any committee member may propose suitable candidates for directorship for discussion and
      approval by the Nomination Committee, after which the Board will consider and, if proper, approve
      such nomination. Director thus selected is subject to election by the Company’s shareholders in the
      next general meeting or next annual general meeting, as appropriate, according to the Articles of
      Association of the Company.

      The Nomination Committee monitors the execution of the Board diversity policy of the Company.
      Selection will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to, professional
      experience, business experience and insight, skills, know-how, gender, age, cultural and educational
      background, ethnic and length of services. It will review the Board diversity policy as appropriate and
      recommend any revisions to the policy to the Board for consideration and approval if necessary.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   77
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (3)   Nomination Committee (continued)
           During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Nomination Committee held two meetings. At the
           meetings, members of the Nomination Committee have identified and recommended qualified individual
           to the Board for the appointment of a director, reviewed the composition of the Board and diversity of
           the Board. Particularly, as the term of the 10th session of the Board expired in June 2022, in
           accordance with relevant requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the
           Nomination Committee had considered and recommended to the Board two Executive Directors, three
           Non-executive Directors and four Independent Non-executive Directors for the composition of the 11th
           session of the Board.

           The Nomination Committee discussed and agreed the measurable objectives for achieving diversity on
           the Board and recommended them to the Board for adoption. During the year, four directors
           (Mr. LIANG Haishan, Mr. XIE Juzhi, Mr. WU Changqi and Mr. LIN Sui) retired and two directors
           (Mr. GONG Wei and Ms. SHAO Xinzhi) have been appointed. The Nomination Committee assessed the
           candidates on objectives of offering relevant industry experience and business skill to the Board for the
           Company’s strategic business developments, while maintaining diversity of perspectives appropriate to
           the requirements of the Group’s business. The Committee reviewed the existing size and composition
           of the Board, and received and accepted the report from the management in relation to identified
           business skills and experience required and their ranking and the action plan for recruiting new Board
           members. It also monitored the review of the Company’s recruitment process to reinforce its
           commitment to the principle of equal opportunity. With these measures in place, therefrom two new
           Board members have been appointed during the year.

           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Nomination Committee during the year
           ended 31 December 2022:


                                                                                            No. of Nomination
                                                                                           Committee meetings
                                                                                                attended/held


              Executive Directors:
              Mr. LIANG Haishan (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                           2/2
              Mr. LI Huagang (appointed as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                            0/0

              Non-executive Director:
              Mr. YU Hon To, David (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                        2/2

              INEDs:
              Mr. WU Qi                                                                                       2/2
              Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                  2/2
              Mr. CHIEN Da-chun (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                           2/2
              Mr. WONG Hak Kun (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                            2/2




78   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(4)   Strategy Committee
      The Strategy Committee currently comprises four members including:

      Mr. LI Huagang;
      Mr. LI Shipeng;
      Mr. WU Qi;
      Mr. GONG Wei (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022);
      Mr. LIANG Haishan (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022);
      Mr. XIE Juzhi (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022); and
      Mr. LIN Sui (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022);

      The Strategy Committee is chaired by Mr. LIANG Haishan till 28 June 2022 and was then chaired by
      Mr. LI Huagang.

      The purpose of the Strategy Committee shall be to prepare recommendations for the Board in fulfilling
      its responsibilities relating to the study of the Company’s long-term development strategy, major
      investment decisions and shareholders’ return plan.

      The primary responsibilities and authorities of the Strategy Committee include:

      (I)     to study the Company’s long-term development strategy plans and make recommendations;

      (II)    to study major investment financing programs which requires to be approved by the Board of
              Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

      (III)   to study major capital operation and assets management projects which requires to be approved
              by the Board of Directors as stated in the Articles of Association and make recommendations;

      (IV)    to study shareholders’ return plan of the Company and make recommendations;

      (V)     to study other important matters affecting the Company’s development and make
              recommendations;

      (VI)    to review the implementation of the above matters;

      (VII)   to handle other matters as authorized by the Board.

      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Strategy Committee held two meetings. At the
      meetings, members of the Strategy Committee have discussed and reviewed the connected
      transactions (strategic acquisition of companies), and capital expenditures (for enhancing manufacturing
      capacity), and made recommendations to the Board.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   79
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     Board Committees (continued)
     (4)   Strategy Committee (continued)
           The following table shows the attendance of members of the Strategy Committee during the year
           ended 31 December 2022:


                                                                                            No. of Strategy
                                                                                         Committee meetings
                                                                                             attended/held


              Executive Directors:
              Mr. LIANG Haishan (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                        2/2
              Mr. LI Huagang                                                                               2/2
              Mr. GONG Wei (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022)                                       0/0
              Mr. XIE Juzhi (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                            2/2

              Non-executive Director:
              Mr. LIN Sui (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                              2/2

              INEDs:
              Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                               2/2
              Mr. WU Qi                                                                                    2/2


     (5)   Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
           The Company has established the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (“ESG
           Committee”) to better implement the ecological brand strategy of the Company in the age of the
           Internet of Things, integrate the idea of “Social, Environmental and Corporate Governance” into the
           corporate strategy, promote sustainable development, generate long-term value for all stakeholders and
           build a green, intelligent and mutual beneficial eco system of the Internet of Things.

           The ESG Committee currently comprises three members including:

           Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun;
           Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun;
           Mr. GONG Wei (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022);
           Mr. LI Huagang (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022); and
           Mr. LIN Sui (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)

           Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun serves as the chairwoman of the ESG Committee.




80   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
Board Committees (continued)
(5)   Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (continued)
      The ESG Committee serves as the specific working body for evaluating the Company’s working
      progress on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities and the risks and
      opportunities it faces, and for formulating the Company’s ESG vision, goals and strategies. The ESG
      Committee strives to improve and enhance the Company’s capabilities of managing environment and
      social responsibilities, and to promote the sustainable development of the Company. The ESG
      Committee also promotes the ESG risk management practices and internal control enhancements, and
      provides direction for the work of the Company’s ESG task force.

      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the ESG Committee held two meetings. At the meeting,
      members of the ESG Committee have discussed and reviewed the Company’s 2021 ESG report,
      discussed ESG goals, strategies and other related matters, and made recommendations to the Board.

      The following table shows the attendance of members of the ESG Committee during the year ended
      31 December 2022:


                                                                                              No. of ESG
                                                                                      Committee meetings
                                                                                          attended/held


       Executive Directors:
       Mr. LI Huagang (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                                   1/1
       Mr. GONG Wei (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022)                                               1/1

       Non-executive Directors:
       Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                                                                                   2/2
       Mr. LIN Sui (retired as a member with effect from 28 June 2022)                                      1/1

       INED:
       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                    2/2


Corporate Governance Function
The primary corporate governance duties of the Board are to develop and review the Company’s policies
and practices on corporate governance; to review and monitor the training and continuous professional
development of Directors and senior management; to review and monitor the Company’s policies and
practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review and monitor the code of
conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and to review the
Company’s compliance with the code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

During the year, the Board have developed and reviewed the Company’s corporate governance practices,
including the review of the Company’s Articles of Association, terms of reference of the various board
committees, and various internal policies and rules based on the recent changes of regulatory requirements;
and the review of the process in upgrading the internal controls and risk management.



                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   81
     Corporate Governance Report




     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company’s communication policy for shareholders is summarized as follows:

     The Company follows a policy of disclosing relevant information to shareholders and the investment
     community in a timely manner, and will regularly review this policy to ensure its effectiveness. Information
     shall be communicated to shareholders and the investment community mainly through the Company’s
     quarterly, interim and annual financial reports, and general meetings that may be convened, as well as by
     making available all the disclosures submitted to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and its
     corporate communications and other corporate publications on the Company’s website.

     Effective and timely dissemination of information to shareholders and the investment community shall be
     ensured at all times. Shareholders and the investment community may at any time, e.g. at the investors
     meetings and discussions or via enquiry emails, etc., express their views or make a request for the
     Company’s information to the extent such information is publicly available.

     The Company’s website provides comprehensive and updated information about the Company, including our
     financial results, announcements, circulars, composition of the Board or Board Committees and their
     respective terms of reference, and other corporate documents such as the articles of the Company.

     The annual general meeting (“AGM”) provides an opportunity for communication between the Board and the
     Company’s shareholders. The Company ensures that shareholders’ views are communicated to the Board.
     The chairman of the AGM proposes separate resolutions for each issue to be considered. Circulars to
     Shareholders provide information on matters that require to be brought to the attention or action of
     shareholders, such as appointment of Directors, amendments to the articles of the Company, matters
     relating to poll voting at annual general meetings, etc.

     AGM proceedings are reviewed from time to time to ensure that the Company follows the best corporate
     governance practices.

     The Company has reviewed the implementation of the shareholders’ communication policy conducted during
     the year ended 31 December 2022 and considered it effective based on the following achievements:

     It is the Company’s practice to provide an explanation to shareholders of the details of the voting by poll
     procedures in the general meetings in accordance with the Articles of Association and the relevant listing
     rules of the places where it securities are listed. The poll results of the general meetings are also published
     on the websites of the Company and/or of the stock exchanges where the securities are listed. The Board
     regards general meetings as one of the principal channels of communication with our shareholders and the
     Directors provide detailed and complete answers to questions raised by the shareholders in the general
     meetings in accordance with the relevant rules and regulations.

     The Board attaches great importance to investor relations management and provides a variety of
     communication channels for investors. It maintains positive interaction with investors through annual investor
     conferences, online collective reception day for investors, emails, on-site and online surveys and other
     means to protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors. The management of the Company and its
     investors had extensive exchanges on issues of concern to investors, such as corporate governance,
     operating conditions and development strategies, based on public information, and received active
     participation from its investors.



82   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
(continued)
In respect of information disclosure, to protect the interests of investors and other stakeholders, in particular
small and medium-sized shareholders, the Company strictly complied with the domestic and overseas
information disclosure regulatory requirements and fulfilled its information disclosure obligations. During the
reporting period, in addition to conducting high-quality mandatory information disclosure, the Company has
increased the voluntary disclosure of key issues of concern to investors and the capital market, such as
corporate strategy, corporate governance and green operations, and continued to enhance the disclosure,
which have been highly rated by external organizations.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company held four general meetings, including the annual
general meeting, one A-shares class meeting, one D-shares class meeting, and one H-shares class meeting.
In these general meeting and class meetings, various resolutions were passed.

The following table shows the attendance of the Directors at the general meetings held during the year
ended 31 December 2022:


                                                                                                    No. of the
                                                                                             General meetings
                                                                                                attended/held


 Executive Directors:
 Mr. LIANG Haishan (Chairman) (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)                                           4/4
 Mr. LI Huagang (Chairman)                                                                                      4/4
 Mr. GONG Wei (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022)                                                         0/0
 Mr. XIE Juzhi (Vice Chairman) (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)                                          0/4

 Non-executive Directors:
 Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman) (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022)                                      0/0
 Mr. WU Changqi (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)                                                         4/4
 Mr. LIN Sui (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)                                                            4/4
 Mr. YU Hon To, David                                                                                           4/4
 Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun                                                                                             4/4

 INEDs:
 Mr. CHIEN Da-chun                                                                                              4/4
 Mr. WONG Hak Kun                                                                                               4/4
 Mr. LI Shipeng                                                                                                 4/4
 Mr. WU Qi                                                                                                      0/4


During the year ended 31 December 2022, there have been changes in the Company’s constitutional
documents, principally for the Company to reflect the recent requirements of applicable domestic regulations
and laws to improve the practice of our Company’s corporate governance, and the protections of
shareholders’ rights and interests.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   83
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Procedures by which Shareholders may convene a special general meeting
     Shareholders requesting the convening of an extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting
     shall proceed in accordance with the procedures set forth below:

     (1)   Two or more shareholders who hold, in aggregate, 10% or more of the shares carrying the right to vote
           at the proposed meeting may sign one or several written requisitions of the same format and contents,
           requesting the Board of Directors to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class
           shareholders’ meeting. The agenda of the proposed meeting shall be stated therein. The Board of
           Directors shall convene the extraordinary general meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting responsively
           after receipt of the aforesaid written requisition(s). The number of the aforesaid shares shall be
           calculated as of the date on which the requisition(s) is/are made.

     (2)   Where the Board of Directors gives consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting, a notice
           on convening of the extraordinary general meeting or the class shareholders’ meeting shall be issued
           within 5 days from such decision, and the changes made to the original request in the notice shall be
           approved by relevant shareholders.

     (3)   Where the Board of Directors does not give consent for convening of an extraordinary general meeting
           or does not issue a feedback within 10 days upon the receipt of the requisition(s), the shareholders
           holding 10% or more of the Company’s shares separately or in aggregate shall have the right to
           propose to the Board of Supervisors on convening of an extraordinary general meeting and such
           proposal shall be made to the Board of Supervisors in writing.

     (4)   Where the Board of Supervisors gives consent for convening an extraordinary general meeting, a notice
           on convening of the extraordinary general meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon the receipt of the
           requisition(s) and the changes made to the original request in the notice shall be approved by relevant
           shareholders.

     (5)   Where the Board of Supervisors fails to issue a notice of a shareholders’ general meeting within the
           stipulated period, the Board of Supervisors shall be deemed as not convening and chairing the
           shareholders’ general meeting, and the shareholders who hold 10% or more of the Company’s shares
           individually or jointly for 90 or more consecutive days may proceed to convene and chair a
           shareholders’ general meeting on their own initiative.




84   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures by which Shareholders may convene a special general meeting (continued)
(6)     If the shareholders’ general meeting is convened by the Board of Supervisors or shareholders on their
        own, a written notice shall be issued to the Board of Directors, and such meeting shall be filed with
        the stock exchange of the place where the securities of the Company are listed.

(7)     Prior to the announcement of the resolutions passed by the shareholders’ general meeting, the
        shareholding percentage of the shareholders who convene the meeting shall not be less than 10%.
        Shareholders who convene the meeting shall publish an announcement no later than the issuance of
        notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and undertake that their shareholding percentage shall not
        be less than 10% during the period from the date of proposing the convening of the shareholders’
        general meeting to the convening date of the shareholders’ general meeting. The shareholders who
        convene the meeting shall submit the relevant supporting materials to the stock exchange of the place
        where the securities of the Company are listed at the time of the issuance of notice of the
        shareholders’ general meeting as well as of the announcement of the resolutions passed by such
        meeting.

Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
Shareholders may put forward enquiries to the Board through the Board Secretary, Company Secretary and
the representative of our office in Germany who will direct the enquiries to the Board for handling. Such
enquiries can be made by the following means:

Mail:           Board Secretary
                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                Board of Directors Building,
                Haier Industrial Park,
                1 Haier Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao City, the PRC

Email:          finance@haier.com

Mail:           Company Secretary
                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                Unit 3513, 35/F, The Center,
                99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong

E-mail:         ir@haier.hk




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   85
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
     Procedures for putting forward proposals at a Shareholders’ meeting
     When the Company decides to convene a shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board
     of supervisors and shareholders severally or jointly holding 3% or more of the shares of the Company shall
     be entitled to put forward proposals to the Company.

     The shareholders severally or jointly holding 3% or more of the shares of the Company may raise interim
     proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days prior to the convening of the shareholders’
     general meeting. Where shareholders subject to the conditions as mentioned above raise interim proposals
     before the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting, their shareholding proportions shall not be less
     than 3% during the period from the date of the issuance of notice on proposals to the announcement of the
     resolutions. The convener shall, within 2 days after the receipt of such proposals, issue a supplemental
     notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and announce the contents of the interim proposals.

     Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director
     When the Company needs to elect a director, the shareholders of the Company may nominate a person for
     election as a director of the Company at the shareholders’ general meeting (including annual general
     meeting and extraordinary general meeting) to be convened then according to the Articles of Association of
     the Company (“Articles of Association”).

     1.    According to Article 84 of the Articles of Association, the shareholders’ general meeting may exercise
           the following functions and powers: (II) to elect and replace directors and supervisors who are not
           employee representatives, and to decide on the remuneration matters of the relevant directors and
           supervisors; (X) to amend the Articles of Association and deliberate proposals put forward by
           shareholders who represent 3% or more of the Company’s voting shares.

     2.    According to Article 96 of the Articles of Association, when the Company decides to convene a
           shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and shareholders that
           severally or jointly hold 3% or more of the shares of the Company shall be entitled to put forward
           proposals to the Company. The shareholders that severally or jointly hold more than 3% of the
           Company’s shares may raise interim proposals and submit them in writing to the convener 10 days
           prior to the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting. The convener shall, within 2 days after the
           receipt of such proposals, issue a supplemental notice of the shareholders’ general meeting and
           announce the contents of the interim proposals.




86   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director (continued)
3.   According to Article 101, Article 136 and Article 194 of the Articles of Association, the election of
     directors and supervisors shall comply with the following provisions:

     (I)     The list of candidates for directors and supervisors shall be presented in the form of a proposal
             at a shareholders’ general meeting for voting.

     (II)    Upon the expiration of the term of office of the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors or
             in need of replacement of directors or supervisors due to vacancies within the Board of Directors
             or the Board of Supervisors, the shareholders, individually or jointly, holding 3% or more of the
             total number of the outstanding shares with voting rights of the Company may recommend
             candidates for directors or supervisors to the Board of Directors in writing. Upon the Board of
             Directors’ or the Board of Supervisors’ review and examination, if the candidates comply with the
             provisions by law and the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors or the Board of
             Supervisors shall submit the candidate list, curriculum vitae and basic information in the form of
             a proposal to the shareholders’ general meeting for deliberation and election. Upon the expiration
             of the term of office of the Board of Supervisors or in need of replacement of supervisors due to
             vacancies within the Board of Supervisors, supervisors previously held by the employee
             representatives of the Company shall still be replaced or by-elected through democratic election
             among the Company’s staff and workers.

     (III)   Where a shareholders’ general meeting proposes to discuss election matters of directors and
             supervisors, the notice of the shareholders’ general meeting shall fully disclose the detailed
             information of the proposed candidates for directors and supervisors.

     (IV)    The Company’s Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors and shareholders who hold 1% or more
             of the issued shares of the Company, individually or jointly, may nominate candidates for
             independent directors, who will be decided through election by the shareholders’ general
             meeting. The agreement of the nominee shall be obtained before the nominator nominates him/
             her as an independent director. The nominator shall be fully aware of such details of the
             nominee as occupation, educational background, title, work experience, all concurrent positions
             etc., and shall express his/her/its opinions on the nominee’s qualifications for holding the position
             of independent director and his/her/its independence. The nominee shall make a public
             statement that no relationship exists between himself/herself/itself and the Company that could
             affect his/her/its independent and objective judgments. The Board of Directors of the Company
             shall make the aforementioned information public in accordance with regulations before the
             holding of the shareholders’ general meeting at which the independent director is to be elected.




                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   87
     Corporate Governance Report




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
     Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director (continued)
     3.    According to Article 101, Article 136 and Article 194 of the Articles of Association, the election of
           directors and supervisors shall comply with the following provisions: (continued)

           (V)    When a shareholders’ general meeting votes on the election of directors and supervisors, the
                  cumulative voting method may be implemented pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of
                  Association or the resolution of a shareholders’ general meeting. The cumulative voting system
                  referred to in the preceding paragraph shall mean that when a shareholders’ general meeting
                  elects directors or supervisors, each share shall have the same number of voting rights as the
                  number of directors or supervisors to be elected and the voting rights held by a shareholder may
                  be used together. The Board of Directors shall announce the curriculum vitae and basic
                  information of candidates for directors and supervisors to the shareholders before the holding of
                  the shareholders’ general meeting.

           (VI)   Where the shareholders’ general meeting has passed the proposal on the election of the relevant
                  directors and supervisors, the newly-elected directors and supervisors shall take office on the
                  date when the resolution is passed at the shareholders’ general meeting, unless otherwise
                  resolved by the shareholders’ general meeting.

     INSURANCE
     The Group has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to indemnify the Directors and
     senior staff of the Group for their potential liabilities incurred by them in discharging their duties. The Group
     reviews the insurance coverage for the Directors and the Group’s senior staff on an annual basis.

     POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
     The Company has implemented a proactive and flexible dividend policy. Future profit distributions may be
     carried out in the form of cash dividends or stock dividends or by interim cash profit distributions. The
     dividend policy shall maintain consistency and stability. In case that the legal conditions as mentioned below
     for both cash dividends and stock dividends are satisfied, cash dividends shall prevail.

     The Company’s dividend policy shall be determined by the Board of Directors based on the business
     development and performance of our Company and will be subject to the approval of the shareholders’
     general meeting.

     Subject to the satisfaction of conditions for cash dividend distribution provided in the PRC Company Law,
     the Company shall in principle pay cash dividend once each fiscal year. The Board of Directors may
     propose to pay an interim profit distribution depending on the profitability and capital reserve of our
     Company. In addition, the Board of Directors may put forward a stock dividend distribution proposal in
     addition to cash dividend after considering factors such as our Company’s performance, share price, share
     capital scale and debt structure.




88   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS (continued)
The Company expects that, in the future, the principal source of profits for the payment of dividends will be
income from its operating business, and dividends and other payments received from current and future
direct and indirect subsidiaries. The determination of each subsidiary’s ability to pay dividends is subject to
applicable law.

On the basis of the unconsolidated financial statements of the Company and subject to PRC law, the
Articles of Association and the Company’s capital needs for normal production and operation, planned
investments and other significant capital outlays, the annual cash dividends shall, in principle, account for at
least 20%, and contingent upon each year’s performance, not less than 15% of the Company’s net profits
for the prior fiscal year which are available for distribution and attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
the Company, calculated in accordance with PRC GAAP.

After the completion of the Privatisation Proposal of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. and with the
improvement in the efficiency of capital use and operating capacity, the Company plans to gradually
increase the dividend rate to 33%, 36% and 40% for 2021, 2022 and 2023 to enhance the return of all
shareholders.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing financial statements of the Group in accordance
with relevant statutory requirements and generally accepted accounting principles and ensuring that the
financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position. In preparing the financial
statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022, the Directors have adopted suitable
accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgments and estimates that are prudent and
reasonable; and prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.

The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the
Independent Auditor’s Report of this Annual Report.

The Board aims to present a comprehensive, balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
development and prospects in all corporate communications, including but not limited to annual, interim and
quarterly reports, any price sensitive announcements and financial disclosures required under the relevant
listing rules of the places where it securities are listed and other regulations, any reports to regulators as well
as to information required to be disclosed pursuant to other statutory requirements.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Group is committed to implementing and maintaining effective risk management and internal controls
procedures to identify and manage the risks faced by the Group, as well as to safeguard the interests of the
Group and our shareholders as a whole. The Board would ensure that adequate resources and management
attention will be devoted to strengthen its internal controls and risk management procedures.




                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   89
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
     The Board is responsible for overseeing adequate internal controls and risk management procedures in the
     Group, reviewing their effectiveness on an on-going basis, and ensuring the Management has clearly defined
     the authorities and key responsibilities of each business and operational unit for adequate checks and
     balances. The Board has delegated to the Management the design, implementation and monitoring of the
     Group’s risk management and internal control systems covering all material aspects, including financial,
     operational, ESG, risk management functions and in compliance with all relevant regulations. Such systems
     are designed to manage the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and provide reasonable, but not
     absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     The Board is also responsible for ensuring that the Management has discharged its duty to have an effective
     internal control system in terms of the adequacy of resources, qualification and experience of staff of the
     Company’s finance reporting and internal audit functions, as well as these relating to the Company’s ESG
     performance and reporting and their training programme and budget.

     Control Environment
     —     Risk awareness and control responsibility are built into the company culture and are regarded as the
           foundation of risk management and internal control systems;

     —     An effective internal audit function is maintained which is independent from operational management;

     —     Whistleblowing Guideline of the Company is in place.

     Internal Auditing Function
     In response to the broadening of the Group’s scope of business activities and the increase in geographical
     locations in which it operates, to face the challenges of the fast growing trend of new business and the
     related financial and operational risks, the Group has continuously strengthened the functions of its Internal
     Audit Department which provides independent and objective assurance and consulting activity designed to
     add value and improve Company’s operations. It helps the Group in accomplishing its objectives by bringing
     a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control,
     and governance processes.

     The Internal Audit Department also provides independent and reasonably assurance that the internal controls
     system is effective and efficient. In order to carry out its functions, the Internal Audit Department is given
     unrestricted access to all business operations and personnel, all business files and accounting records. The
     head of the Department reports directly and regularly to the Audit Committee and CEO respectively on the
     findings of audit matters. The work schedule of the Internal Audit Department is based on an annual audit
     program reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee.




90   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
Risk Management
An enterprise-wide risk assessment with the Management and key-process owners had been institutionalised
to identify major risks of all levels and to review the effectiveness of the key controls and mechanisms in
place. It is intended that the risk management framework would be able to raise risk-awareness within senior
management such that a safeguarding culture of the Group’s business and assets is to be developed and
implemented.

The Internal Audit Department of the Company plays a significant role in the risk management execution.
Major risks of all levels facing the Group are identified and evaluated, and the management ultimately
reviewed the identification and evaluation of these risks. Based on these measures, mitigation strategies and
plans with respect to each key risk identified are developed and implemented, which include establishing or
enhancing internal controls, with regular review and update so as to mitigate the risks to controllable range.
The process of the work performed are reported regularly to the Audit Committee and the Board on their
scheduled meetings.

Control Process
The Company recognizes that the assessment of the internal control system is an on-going process, and
management enhancements are required to address deficiencies in internal controls over operations,
compliance on regulations including listing rules of the places of listing, and financial and non-financial
reporting.

There is a clearly-defined management structure with specified authority limits and segregated responsibilities
to achieve business control objectives and safeguard of assets. Guidelines and approval limits for operating
and capital expenditures are set clearly in advance, with division of operations and financial personnel
responsible for the different approval processes. An internal budget system as well as expense system have
been used to enhance the controls and effectiveness embedded in the approval process. Detective controls
are also in place as safeguards for the business and operational processes.

The Internal Audit Department establishes an annual internal control review plan for major internal control
systems covering areas including operational control, financial control and compliance control (including
review of controls on continuing connected transactions). The review tasks on various internal controls are
prioritized in accordance with the risk level assessed, or where significant changes have been taken place,
or where new businesses have been set up.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Internal Audit Department has conducted a review of the
effectiveness of Group’s internal control system’s procedures on the major business and operational
processes. Recommendations for further improvements have been reported to the Audit Committee as well
as Board, together with its findings. Such recommendations have been or are being implemented by the
Management with regular review.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   91
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (continued)
     Review of Control Effectiveness
     The Audit Committee reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems by
     reviewing the internal control assessment report of the Internal Audit Department at lease twice in a year.
     The Board has, through the Audit Committee, reviewed and considered that for the year ended
     31 December 2022, the Group’s risk management and internal control systems were effective and
     adequate.

     As part of the audit of the financial statements, the external auditor has issued its standard unqualified
     report on their audit of the Company’s internal control on financial reporting system.

     Inside Information
     The Company has adopted the following procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination
     of inside information:

     (i)     the Company keeps updated on the obligations under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, the
             applicable listing rules and other statutory regulations with regard to the timely and proper disclosure
             of inside information and authorizes the disclosure through the publication of announcements as
             required;

     (ii)    the Company implemented an Inside Information Disclosure Policy which the Company’s spokespersons
             have to strictly follow in communicating with the public;

     (iii)   the Company adopted a Model Code for securities transactions by Directors, and by employees who
             are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company on no less exacting
             terms than that for the Directors; and

     (iv)    the Company included in the employee conduct code that unauthorised uses of confidential and inside
             information are strictly prohibited.

     ANTI-CORRUPTION
     Haier Smart Home strictly complies with the laws and regulations in China and other overseas places where
     we operate related to anti-bribery, anti-fraud, anti-extortion and anti-money laundering. We have formulated
     and strictly implemented the Code of Commercial Conduct of Haier Group, the Anti-fraud Regulations, the
     Employee Code of Conduct of Haier Smart Home, the Management Policy of Supplier Black List and other
     related policies in the world. The Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and supervising the
     Company’s policies and measures that are related to compliance of laws and regulations.

     In 2022, the Company has set up an anti-fraud working committee comprising of staff of internal control,
     legal and various business lines to perform anti-corruption and anti-malpractice tasks, actively promoted the
     development and implementation of anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and other systems related to
     commercial ethics. We regularly identify commercial ethics risks, carry out specialised anti-corruption audits
     and report to and are monitored by the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, and strive to create an
     honest and ethical business environment.




92   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




ANTI-CORRUPTION (continued)
In 2022, the Company continued to optimize the Anti-fraud Regulations, improve the functions of each
department in the audit of anti-corruption, anti-fraud and anti-money laundering, strengthen the early risk
management and control by the “internal control + audit + anti-fraud” linkage, put forward the requirement
to strengthen self-detection capabilities, and upgrade the internal control system and management to
promote anti-fraud, as well as further improve the regulation on risk identification. Meanwhile, we applied our
big data cloud monitoring system to conduct early risk warning and investigation, regularly identified and
sorted out fraud risks at all levels of the Company, including factories, industries and platforms, identified
risks in business scenarios through risk audits, and facilitated governance and improvement of risks through
establishing various mechanisms.

REMUNERATION OF EXTERNAL AUDITORS
The domestic and overseas auditors of the Company for 2022 were Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP
and HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the annual audit fees and non-audit fee payable/paid by the
Group to Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP was RMB6.55 million and RMB2.23 million, respectively.
The non-audit services mainly included internal control review service.

The audit fees and non-audit fee payable/paid by the Group to HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited were
RMB3.74 million and RMB0.15 million, respectively. The non-audit services mainly included review of the
continuing connected transactions.




30 March 2023




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   93
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
     December 2022.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to be engaged in smart home business in
     China and overseas, evolving around a comprehensive portfolio of home appliances established over the
     years, covering primarily refrigeration appliances, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances and
     water appliances, with value-added consumer services. There was no significant changes in the nature of the
     Group’s principal activities during the year. The principal activity of the Company also includes investment
     holding.

     Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance,
     including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group and an indication of the
     Group’s likely future developments, can be found in the Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Business
     Review and Financial Review set out on pages 5 to 11 and 22 to 63 of this Annual Report. Such
     information forms part of the Report of The Directors.

     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
     The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the Group’s financial position as at that date
     are set out in the financial statements on pages 140 to 311.

     The Directors of the Company recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December
     2022 of RMB5.66 (2021: RMB4.61357 (adjusted)) in cash for every 10 shares (inclusive of tax).

     SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
     last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
     appropriate, is set out on page 312. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment, and investment properties of the Group during
     the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in notes 14 and 15 to the financial statements, respectively.




94   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     Report of The Directors




SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out
in note 36 to the financial statements.

On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with a placing agent for a placing of
new H Shares of the Company under general mandate. The Company intends to further strengthen its
financial position through placing and apply the net proceeds mainly to support overseas business
expansion and investment in ESG related areas. On 21 January 2022, the placing of shares had been
completed. A total of 41,413,600 H Shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each have been placed to five
placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected with
the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price is HK$28.00 per H Share (whilst the closing
price per H Share was HK$32.70 on 11 January 2022). The net price to the Company, based on estimated
expense, is HK$27.77 per H Share.

The placees were Golden Sunflower, Segantii, PAG Pegasus Fund LP, Janchor and Valliance, which
respectively subscribed for 34,856,200, 2,185,800, 2,176,400, 1,311,400 and 883,800 placing shares, the
consideration of which respectively amounted to HK$975,973,600, HK$61,202,400, HK$60,939,200,
HK$36,719,200 and HK$24,746,400.

The gross proceeds and net proceeds from the placing amounted to approximately HK$1,159.58 million and
approximately HK$1,149.98 million respectively. The net proceeds of the placing will be used as to (i) 70%
for production capacity expansion of overseas industrial parks; (ii) 15% for investment in ESG
(Environmental, Social, Governance) related areas; (iii) 10% for further digitalization of overseas industrial
parks; and (iv) 5% for overseas channel expansion and promotion, and is expected to be fully utilised by
December 2024.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   95
     Report of The Directors




     CONVERTIBLE BONDS
     On 21 November 2017, Harvest International Company (the “Issuer”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
     the Company, issued the HK$8,000,000,000 Zero Coupon Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due on 21
     November 2022 (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds”) which are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) (stock code: 5024). The holders of the HSH Exchangeable Bonds
     (the “Bondholders”) are entitled to exchange their HSH Exchangeable Bonds into shares of Haier Electronics
     Group Co. Ltd (HEG) (the “HEG Shares”) during the period specified under the terms and conditions of the
     HSH Exchangeable Bonds (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions”). In connection with the
     privatization of HEG, to provide Bondholders with an alternative investment option in their HSH
     Exchangeable Bonds outside the various options available under the HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and
     Conditions, the Company has proposed to amend the HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions,
     such that, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, after listing of the H Shares of the
     Company, the HSH Exchangeable Bonds will not be exchangeable into the HEG Shares but will instead be
     convertible into the H Shares of the Company (the “EB-to-CB Proposal”). The HSH Exchangeable Bonds
     with such amended terms and conditions (the “HSH Convertible Bonds Terms and Conditions”) are hereafter
     referred to as the “HSH Convertible Bonds”. The EB-to-CB Proposal has became effective upon listing of H
     Shares of the Company on 23 December 2020 and HK$7,993,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the
     HSH Convertible Bonds was outstanding initially. The initial conversion price per share of the HSH
     Convertible Bonds was approximately HK$19.5961.

     In accordance with the HSH Convertible Bonds Terms and Conditions, the conversion price per share had
     been adjusted to approximately HK$18.8369 on 12 January 2021 in connection with the cash payment by
     HEG. The conversion price had been further adjusted to approximately HK$18.58 on 23 August 2021 in
     connection with the declaration and payment of the dividend of the Company. During the year, the
     conversion price has been further adjusted to approximately HK$18.20 on 23 August 2022 in connection
     with the declaration and payment of the dividend of the Company.

     During the year and upon maturity on 21 November 2022, a cumulative amount of HK$394,000,000 HSH
     Convertible Bonds were converted into H Shares of the Company, and the cumulative number of H Shares
     issued as a result of the conversion was 21,450,563 shares. Since 23 December 2020 and upon maturity, a
     cumulative amount of HK$7,988,000,000 HSH Convertible Bonds were converted into H Shares of the
     Company, and the cumulative number of H Shares issued as a result of the conversion was 424,661,452
     shares.

     After the above-mentioned conversion of convertible bonds, the amount of HSH Convertible Bonds not yet
     converted was HKD 5,000,000. As the HSH Convertible Bonds were due for redemption on 21 November
     2022, these convertible bonds amounting to HKD 5,000,000 have been redeemed with an one time
     repayment of principal and interest (105.11% on remaining par value).

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions in the relevant PRC laws and the Company’s Articles of Association for granting
     pre-emptive rights to the Company’s existing shareholders.




96   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                  Report of The Directors




PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY
Repurchases of H-Share
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased certain of its ordinary H-Share on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and these shares were subsequently cancelled by the Company. The
summary details of those transactions are as follows:


                                    Number of
                                      H-Share                Price per share                     Total price
 Months                           repurchased             Highest          Lowest                       paid
                                                             HK$             HK$                     HK$’M


 July 2022                            1,435,600              27.80               25.60                  38.69
 September 2022                       4,420,000              25.85               23.55                 109.32
 November 2022                        7,271,000              24.70               19.74                 166.14
 December 2022                        1,843,600              26.55               25.60                  48.23


                                     14,970,200                                                        362.38


The issued capital H-Share of the Company was reduced by the par value thereof. The premium paid on the
repurchases of the Company’s H-Share of RMB315 million has been charged to the share premium account
of the Company. The repurchase of the Company’s H-Share during the year was effected by the directors,
pursuant to the mandate from shareholders sought at the annual general meeting and the class meetings
held on 28 June 2022 regarding the repurchases of H-Share.

The Directors made the repurchases when the H-Share were trading at a discount to their underlying value
so as to flexibly adjust the capital structure of the Company based on market conditions. It would be
beneficial to the Company’s shareholders who retain their investment in the Company as their proportionate
interest in the assets and earnings of the Company would increase in proportion to the number of H-Share
repurchased by the Company.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   97
     Report of The Directors




     PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
     COMPANY (continued)
     Repurchases of A-Share
     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased certain of its ordinary A-Share on The
     Shanghai Stock Exchange. The summary details of those transactions are as follows:


                                                  Number of
                                                    A-Share          Price per share            Total price
       Months                                   repurchased       Highest          Lowest              paid
                                                                     RMB             RMB           RMB’M


       April 2022                                       933,100     24.50           23.70             22.51
       May 2022                                      46,831,339     26.00           24.50          1,187.23
       June 2022                                      7,938,500     25.40           23.50            196.98
       July 2022                                        801,300     26.60           25.80             21.15
       September 2022                                 1,601,000     25.95           24.37             40.35
       November 2022                                    600,000     24.45           23.30             14.45
       December 2022                                    350,000     24.96           24.55              8.65


                                                     59,055,239                                    1,491.32


     The repurchases of the Company’s A-Share during the year was effected by the directors, pursuant to a
     board resolution passed on 30 March 2022 regarding the repurchase of A-Share.

     A total of 59,055,239 A-Share were repurchased during the year but not yet cancelled, of which 26,814,055
     A-Share has been transferred to the A-Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan during July 2022. The
     balance of A-Share repurchased but not yet cancelled as at end of year is 32,241,184 shares, and will be
     used in other share incentive plans of the Company.

     Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any
     of the Company’s listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2022.

     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in note 50
     to the financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     At 31 December 2022, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the
     provisions of the Company Law of the PRC, amounted to approximately RMB5.33 billion, of which RMB5.30
     billion has been proposed as a final dividend for the year.




98   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                  Report of The Directors




ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Board of Directors is the highest responsible and decision-making body for ESG matters of the
Company. Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (ESG Committee) is to assist the Board with
ESG governance and information disclosure issues. The Company regularly assesses, prioritizes and
manages ESG issues (including risks and materiality to the Company’s business), and the Board regularly
reviews the results of the assessment, identifies ESG issues material to the Company’s development, be
aware of management actions taken, and makes recommendations.

The ESG Committee is responsible for developing an effective ESG strategy that aligns the Company’s ESG
objectives with its business objectives, and for continuously reviewing and improving the Company’s ESG
performance. The Board reviews the strategy on a regular basis to verify and ensure its alignment with the
Company’s growth strategy. The ESG Executive Leadership Team, comprising senior executives from various
departments, reports regularly to the ESG Committee on ESG issues within the Company. The Team is
responsible for implementing the Company’s ESG policy and reporting to and advising the ESG Committee.
The Company has established ESG goals related to its business operations, and the Board has reviewed
and discussed the establishment and the progress of these goals. We have made progress in stages for
each ESG work target as planned.

For Haier Smart Home, ESG is an important guide for achieving its own high-quality and sustainable
development. In 2022, the Company further enhanced the ESG brand image and formulated the ESG
strategy system. The ESG strategy system clarified six core directions and future actions. Based on this
guidance, sustainable development practice would be actively implemented. We have taken the opportunity
of joining the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) to closely integrate our development with our ESG
strategy and the practice of the United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). We are
committed to the ten principles of the Global Compact, which cover the human rights, labor standards,
environment and anti-corruption based on United Nation Convention, to achieve sustainable leadership in
ESG.

Further discussions on above are in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which are issued
separately.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   99
      Report of The Directors




      COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
      The Board is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with
      legal and regulatory requirements, with the assistance of the Internal Audit Department, the Legal
      Department and the Board Secretary office of the Company. The Company has in place compliance
      procedures to ensure adherence to the laws and regulations that are relevant to the Group.

      We are of the view that, the Group had complied, in all material respects, with all relevant laws and
      regulations in the jurisdictions we operate in during the year. Particularly, our business operated in the PRC
      territory complied with relevant PRC laws and regulations in all material respects, and no material
      administrative penalties imposed on us have been found that may have a material adverse effect on our
      Group’s business operations. We have formed a culture of compliance by implementing various measures
      and processes to ensure that the behaviour of our employees meets compliance requirements and our
      compliance culture is embedded into our everyday workflow.

      The Group’s staff are regularly briefed and updated from time to time on the relevant changes in laws and
      regulations so as to enhance their awareness of compliance obligations.

      MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
      In the year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of the
      total sales for the year. Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of
      the total purchases for the year.

      During the year ended 31 December 2022, Haier Group Corporation, the substantial shareholders of the
      Company, had beneficial interests in one of the Group’s five largest suppliers.

      Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders of the
      Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued
      share capital had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers.




100   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                  Report of The Directors




DIRECTORS
The Directors of the Company during the year were:

Executive directors:                                 Independent Non-executive directors:
Mr. LI Huagang                                       Mr. CHIEN Da-chun
 (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)              Mr. WONG Hak Kun
Mr. GONG Wei                                         Mr. LI Shipeng
 (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022)           Mr. WU Qi
Mr. LIANG Haishan (Chairman)
  (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)
Mr. XIE Juzhi (Vice Chairman)
  (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)

Non-executive directors:
Mr. YU Hon To, David
Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun
Ms. SHAO Xinzhi (Vice Chairman)
 (appointed with effect from 28 June 2022)
Mr. WU Changqi
 (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)
Mr. LIN Sui
 (retired with effect from 28 June 2022)

As the term of the 10th session of the Board expired in June 2022, in accordance with relevant
requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, and the opinions from the nomination
committee of the Board, the appointments of two Executive Directors, three Non-executive Directors and
four Independent Non-executive Directors of the 11th session of the Board have been considered and
approved by the Board as follows:

1.   Executive Directors: Mr. LI Huagang and Mr. GONG Wei;

2.   Non-executive Directors: Mr. YU Hon To, David, Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun and Ms. SHAO Xinzhi; and

3.   Independent Non-executive Directors: Mr. CHIEN Da-Chun, Mr. WONG Hak Kun, Mr. LI Shipeng and
     Mr. WU Qi.

The resolution on the changes of the Board of Directors had been duly adopted as an ordinary resolution at
the annual general meeting of the Company convened on 28 June 2022 (“AGM”). These nine Directors were
elected at the AGM and compose the 11th session of the Board of the Company.

The term of the 11th session of the Board of the Company would be three years. The term of office for
each Director has been effective upon the consideration and approval at the AGM. Each of the Directors has
entered into a service contract with the Company. Each Director would receive a director fee before tax of
RMB320,000 per year.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   101
      Report of The Directors




      DIRECTORS (continued)
      The retiring Directors of the 10th session of the Board, namely Mr. LIANG Haishan, Mr. XIE Juzhi, Mr. WU
      Changqi and Mr. LIN Sui, confirmed that they had no disagreement with the Board, and there were no other
      matters that should be brought to the attention of the shareholders.

      The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of Mr. CHIEN Da-chun, Mr.
      WONG Hak Kun, Mr. LI Shipeng and Mr. WU Qi, and as at the date of this report, the Board still considers
      them independent on the basis of such confirmations.

      DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
      BIOGRAPHIES
      Biographical details of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company and the senior management of the
      Group are set out on pages 12 to 21 of the annual report.

      CHANGES OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
      Below are the changes of Directors’ information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
      Listing Rules since the publish of the Company’s 2022 interim report:

      Ms. Eva Li Kam Fun has retired as the president of Our Hong Kong Foundation by end of 2022.

      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
      During the year, no Director or Supervisors had a service contract with the Company or any of its
      subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation,
      other than statutory compensation.




102   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     Report of The Directors




PERMITTED INDEMNITY
A Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance is in place to protect the Directors and officers of the Group
against any potential liability arising from the Group’s activities which such directors and officers may be
held liable.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The Directors’ fees are subject to shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are
determined by the Company’s Board with reference to Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance
and the results of the Group. Details of directors’ remuneration are set out in notes 8 and 13 to the
financial statements.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, no director or supervisor nor a
connected entity of a director or supervisor had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company,
the holding companies of the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a
party during the year.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
Except executive positions and related interests in the Haier Group, none of the Directors is interested in any
businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
Group.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   103
      Report of The Directors




      DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES
      At 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive in
      the share capital and underlying shares (“Share(s)”) of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
      meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register
      required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
      Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or
      pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, were as follows:

      Long positions in shares of the Company:

                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                          Approximate percentage* of
                                                                                                        percentage* of shareholding
                                                                                                          shareholding interest in the
                                                                                                        interest in the    total share
                                                      Class of           Number of Nature of            relevant class capital of the
          Names                Positions              Shares held       Shares held interest                 of Shares       Company

          Mr. LI Huagang       Chairman of the        A Share                814,245 Beneficial owner          0.0129%           0.0086%
                                 Board, Executive     H Share                812,145 Beneficial owner          0.0283%           0.0086%
                                 Director and Chief
                                 Executive Officer

          Mr. GONG Wei         Executive Director,  A Share                1,943,498 Beneficial owner          0.0308%           0.0206%
                                 Vice President and
                                 Chief Financial
                                 Officer

          Ms. SHAO Xinzhi      Vice Chairman of       H Share              1,045,056 Beneficial owner          0.0365%           0.0111%
                                  the Board,
                                  Non-Executive
                                  Director

          Mr. YU Hon To,       Non-Executive          H Share                810,000 Beneficial owner          0.0283%           0.0086%
            David                Director

          Ms. Eva LI Kam Fun Non-Executive            H Share                355,200 Beneficial owner          0.0124%           0.0038%
                               Director

          Mr. LIU Dalin        Chairman of the Board A Share                  11,470 Beneficial owner          0.0002%           0.0001%
                                 of Supervisors      H Share                  21,355 Beneficial owner          0.0007%           0.0002%

          Ms. MA Yingjie       Supervisor             A Share                  7,045 Beneficial owner          0.0001%           0.0001%

          Mr. Yu Miao          Supervisor             A Share                  2,479 Beneficial owner          0.0000%           0.0000%

      *       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2022 totalling 9,446,598,493
              comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,867,031,866 H Shares, representing approximately 66.78%, 2.87%
              and 30.35% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




104   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                     Report of The Directors




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
Long positions in shares of the Company: (continued)

Apart from above, the following Directors, Supervisors and chief executive are also the grantees of the A
Share ESOP and H Share ESOP of the Company:


                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                            Number of        percentage* of         shareholding
                                                                           outstanding          shareholding      interest in the
                                                                        shares of ESOP        interest in the         total share
                                                         Class of              (Year of       relevant class       capital of the
    Names                      Positions                 Shares                granted)            of Shares            Company


    Mr. LI Huagang             Chairman of the           A Shares          87,300 (2021)             0.0014%              0.0009%
                                 Board, Executive                         173,306 (2022)             0.0027%              0.0018%
                                 Director and Chief
                                 Executive Officer       H Shares        100,320 (2021)              0.0035%              0.0011%
                                                                         194,347 (2022)              0.0068%              0.0021%
                                                                         59,300 (vested)             0.0021%              0.0006%

    Mr. GONG Wei               Executive Director,       A Shares          53,553 (2021)             0.0008%              0.0006%
                                 Vice President and                        93,061 (2022)             0.0015%              0.0010%
                                 Chief Financial
                                 Officer                 H Shares         62,213 (2021)              0.0022%              0.0007%
                                                                         104,359 (2022)              0.0036%              0.0011%
                                                                         36,627 (vested)             0.0013%              0.0004%

    Mr. LIU Dalin              Chairman of the Board A Shares              19,936 (2021)             0.0003%              0.0002%
                                 of Supervisors                            41,404 (2022)             0.0007%              0.0004%

    Ms. MA Yingjie             Supervisor                A Shares           4,745 (2021)             0.0001%              0.0000%
                                                                            8,675 (2022)             0.0001%              0.0001%

    Mr. YU Miao                Supervisor                A Shares           3,746 (2021)             0.0001%              0.0000%
                                                                            6,704 (2022)             0.0001%              0.0001%

*       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2022 totalling 9,446,598,493
        comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,867,031,866 H Shares, representing approximately 66.78%, 2.87%
        and 30.35% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




                                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022    105
      Report of The Directors




      DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Long positions in shares of the Company: (continued)

      On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with a placing agent for a placing of
      new H Shares of the Company under general mandate. A total of 41,413,600 H Shares have been placed to
      five placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected
      with the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price is HK$28.00 per H Share. The following
      directors and supervisor of the Company have invested indirectly in the structured notes issued by Golden
      Sunflower, one of the placees, through the trusts and asset management schemes. The details of their
      capital contribution are as follows:


                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                      Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                                   percentage* of         shareholding
                                                                 Amount              Relevant         shareholding      interest in the
                                                              contributed           number of       interest in the         total share
                                                                 (In HK$              placing       relevant class       capital of the
          Name                    Positions                       million)           H shares            of Shares            Company


          Mr. LI Huagang          Chairman of the                    18.35             655,305             0.0229%              0.0069%
                                    Board, Executive
                                    Director and Chief
                                    Executive Officer

          Mr. GONG Wei            Executive Director,                 9.17             327,652             0.0114%              0.0035%
                                    Vice President and
                                    Chief Financial
                                    Officer

          Ms. SHAO Xinzhi         Non-Executive                      11.01             393,183             0.0137%              0.0042%
                                    Director

          Mr. LIU Dalin           Supervisor                          4.89             174,629             0.0061%              0.0018%

      *       The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2022 totalling 9,446,598,493
              comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,867,031,866 H Shares, representing approximately 66.78%, 2.87%
              and 30.35% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




106   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                      Report of The Directors




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
Long positions in underlying shares of the Company pursuant to share options:


                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                 Approximate percentage* of
                                                                                              percentage* of    shareholding
                                                                                                 shareholding interest in the
                                                                             Number of         interest in the    total share
                                                                          share options        relevant class  capital of the
                                                                           granted and        of Shares upon Company upon
                                                          Class of              not yet           exercise of    exercise of
    Names                      Positions                  Shares              exercised         share options  share options


    Mr. LI Huagang             Chairman of the            A Shares                913,900             0.0145%              0.0097%
                                 Board, Executive
                                 Director and Chief
                                 Executive Officer

    Mr. GONG Wei               Executive Director,        A Shares                457,000             0.0072%              0.0048%
                                 Vice President and
                                 Chief Financial
                                 Officer

note   The exercise price of each of the above A Share options is RMB25.63 for subscription of one share. The exercisable period is from
       15 September 2022 to 15 September 2027.


*      The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2022 totalling 9,446,598,493
       comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,867,031,866 H Shares, representing approximately 66.78%, 2.87%
       and 30.35% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors and chief executive had any
interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporation
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers.




                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022     107
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
      2019 Share Award Scheme
      The Company operates a share award scheme (ESOP) as approved by the Board on 29 April 2019 (the
      “2019 Share Award Scheme”). The awards granted under the 2019 Share Award Scheme form part of the
      remuneration packages for the employees of our Company.

      During the year, all outstanding unvested 2,551,292 shares held by the 2019 Share Award Scheme have
      been sold, and all assets of these share award schemes are monetary funds. In accordance with the
      relevant provisions, the 2019 Share Award Scheme has been implemented and terminated.

      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme
      The Company adopted the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025), the H Share
      Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025) and the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme
      (RSU) at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2021 (“2020 AGM”).

      It is expected that relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside within Mainland China will mainly be
      covered by the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, while relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside
      outside Mainland China will mainly be covered by the RSU Scheme. The scheme shares for A Share and H
      Share ESOP and RSU Scheme are funded by existing shares of the Company.

      The A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme are designed to provide incentive to middle and senior
      management and core employees with the Company’s two to three-year profit target, and business unit and
      individual performance target as the main appraisal benchmarks. There is no consideration to be paid by the
      participants for the shares awarded under the A Share and H Share ESOP and RSU Scheme, which aligns
      with the purpose of the share aware scheme to attract and retain the services of directors and employees.

      Pursuant to the authorisation sought at the 2020 AGM, the Board has the sole discretion of determining the
      list of employees entitled to participate in the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP and the allocation for
      subsequent phases, based on the rules of the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, changes in the workforce
      and performance assessment results, and are authorized to make adjustments. Also, the Board or its
      delegatee may, from time to time, select any eligible person to be a selected participant in accordance with
      the RSU Scheme Rules.




108   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                    Report of The Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP
The purposes of the ESOP are to drive employees’ entrepreneurship and innovation with “Rendanheyi”; to
enhance corporate governance mechanism and create shareholders’ value; and to attract talents and
innovate the remuneration management system of the Company.

Participants of the ESOP shall be the directors (except for independent directors), supervisors and senior
officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries.

With the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting, the board of directors shall have the right to decide on
the establishment of an independent ESOP for each year from 2021 to 2025 based on the actual needs.
The duration of each ESOP shall not exceed five years, calculated from the time when the Company
announces that the underlying shares obtained in the last time for each year are recorded to the ESOP for
that year. After the expiration of the duration, the ESOP shall be terminated, or may be extended after being
approved by the board of directors with the authorization of the shareholders’ meeting.

The ESOP for each year shall be independent of each other, but the total number of shares held by each
established and existing ESOP (including A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP) shall not exceed 10% of the
total share capital of the Company, and the total number of shares corresponding to a single employee’s
share in the existing ESOPs shall not exceed 1% of the total amount of the Company’s share capital.

During the year, in order to improve the corporate governance mechanism, create value for shareholders and
promote the full implementation of the Company’s IoT smart home brand strategy, with the authorization at
the 2020 AGM of the Company, the Company introduced the H Share Core Employee Stock Ownership
Plan (2022) and the A Share Core Employees Ownership Plan (2022) upon the approval at the 28th Meeting
of the 10th session of the Board of Directors of the Company convened on 28 April 2022. The Company
advanced the work related to the 2022 A Share and H Share ESOP.

A Share ESOP (2021)
The total amount of funds used to participate in the A Share ESOP for 2021 was RMB708 million. Pursuant
to the arrangement of the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021), 25,440,807 A Shares
(amounting to approximately RMB707 million, excluding related fees and tax expenses) held in the
designated securities repurchase account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. were transferred to the designated
account of “Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021)” at the
price of RMB27.79 per share (which is the average purchase cost of the shares in the designated
repurchase account) through non-trading transfer on 22 July 2021.

Such proportion of shares will be locked up in accordance with the regulations. According to the A Share
ESOP (2021–2025), the A Share ESOP is subject to a 12-month lock-up period from the date of the
Company’s disclosure of the announcement of the completion of the transfer of the repurchased A Shares
from the designated securities repurchase account of the Company (i.e., from 24 July 2021 to 23 July
2022).




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   109
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      A Share ESOP (2021) (continued)
      After the end of the lock-up period, the participants shall be appraised according to the performance
      appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is generally two years in the proportion of 40% and
      60%, and the final appraisal period and the vesting proportion shall be determined by the Management
      Committee of the ESOP.

      The A Share ESOP (2021) participants include 14 persons of the directors, supervisors and other senior
      management members, and 1,585 core technical (business) employees with a total holding of RMB707
      million.

      A Share ESOP (2022)
      There should be no more than 2,250 employees participating in the 2022 ESOP. The total amount of funds
      to be used to participate in the 2022 ESOP shall be RMB680 million. There are 11 persons including
      directors, supervisors and senior officers, with a total share of RMB21.96 million, accounting for 3.2% of the
      2022 ESOP. There are 2,239 core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, with
      a total share of RMB658.04 million, accounting for 96.8% of the 2022 ESOP.

      The source of shares of the 2022 ESOP shall be the repurchased A shares of the Company. The 2022
      ESOP shall establish a lock-up period of 12 months from the date of disclosure of the announcement on
      completion of transfer of the repurchased shares of the Company from the repurchase special account.

      After the end of the lock-up period, the participants shall be appraised according to the performance
      appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two years, and upon the expiration of the lock-up
      period of the 2022 ESOP, 40% and 60% of the corresponding underlying shares shall be vested to the
      participants in two phases. The specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee
      upon the expiration of the lock-up period.

      On 21 July 2022, 26,814,055 Shares (average purchase cost was RMB25.33 per share) held in the
      “repurchase special account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd”. were transferred to the designated account of
      “Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2022)” through non-trading
      transfer. The lock-up period is from 22 July 2022 to 21 July 2023.




110   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                           Report of The Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
The following table discloses movements in the A Share ESOPs during the year:

                                              On      Granted          Vested    Cancelled       Lapsed             On
                                       1 January    during the during the year   during the   during the   31 December    Date of grant of   Vesting period
    Name or category of Participants        2022          year          (Note)         year         year          2022    A Share ESOP       for A Share ESOP

    Directors*
    Mr. LI Huagang                       137,400           —           50,100            —            —         87,300    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                              —       173,306              —             —            —        173,306    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024

                                         137,400      173,306          50,100            —            —        260,606

    Mr. GONG Wei                          85,081            —          31,528            —            —         53,553    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                              —         93,061             —             —            —         93,061    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024

                                          85,081        93,061         31,528            —            —        146,614

    Subtotal                             222,481      266,367          81,628            —            —        407,220

    Supervisors
    Mr. LIU Dalin                         31,406            —          11,470            —            —         19,936    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                              —         41,404             —             —            —         41,404    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024

                                          31,406        41,404         11,470            —            —         61,340

    Ms. MA Yingjie                          7,886           —            3,141           —            —           4,745   30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                               —         8,675              —            —            —           8,675   10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024

                                            7,886        8,675           3,141           —            —         13,420

    Mr. YU Miao                             6,225           —            2,479           —            —           3,746   30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                               —         6,704              —            —            —           6,704   10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024

                                            6,225        6,704           2,479           —            —         10,450

    Subtotal                              45,517        56,783         17,090            —            —         85,210

    Five highest paid employees
    In aggregate                         582,926           —          222,702            —            —        360,224    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                              —       600,767              —             —            —        600,767    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024

    Other employees
    In aggregate                       24,589,883           —        7,295,660           —            —      17,294,223   30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                               —    25,890,138              —            —            —      25,890,138   10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024

                                       25,172,809   26,490,905       7,518,362           —            —      44,145,352

    Total                              25,440,807   26,814,055       7,617,080           —            —      44,637,782


*           Mr. LIANG Haishan and Mr. XIE Juzhi retired from their positions as executive directors on 28 June 2022. They had 972,132 and
            94,011 A Shares ESOP outstanding respectively on 28 June 2022 and there was no change of their holding of A Shares ESOP
            from 1 January 2022 till 28 June 2022.


The closing price of the Company’s A Share immediately before the grant date of the A Share ESOP was
RMB23.5 per share. The fair values of the A Share ESOP granted on 10 August 2022 is RMB607 million.
The weighted average closing price of the share immediately before the vesting date of the A Share ESOP
was RMB25 per share. Refer to note 37 of the consolidated financial statements for the details of the fair
value measurement of the A Share ESOP.



                                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022             111
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      The granting mandate of each of the A Share ESOPs is only valid and effective for that particular year, and
      therefore there is no remaining life for such A Share ESOPs as at the date of this annual report. As at 1
      January and 31 December 2022, the number of share awards available for grant under the A Share ESOPs
      was nil.

      The particulars regarding dilution effect of the A Share ESOP are set out in note 12 to the financial
      statements.

      Notes:

      1.       The assessment criteria under the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP (2021) (“2021 ESOP”) are as follows:

               The assessment criteria and vesting conditions for participants under the 2021 ESOP who are the Chairman, President and
               corporate platform staff of the Company are as follows: (1) If the ESOP Management Committee assesses that such participants
               have achieved the target results for 2021 and the growth of the Company’s audited net profit attributable to the parent for 2021
               exceeds 26% (including 26%) over the pro forma net profit attributable to the parent for 2020 (excluding the one-off gain on
               disposal of 54.40% equity interest in Haier COSMO IOT Ecosystem Technology Co., Ltd. (海 爾 卡 奥 斯 物 聯 生 態 科 技 有 限 公 司)
               (hereinafter referred to as “COSMOPlat”)),40% of the interests of the underlying shares in the 2021 ESOP shall be vested to the
               participants in full; if the growth rate is between 20.8% (including 20.8%) and 26%, the ESOP Management Committee will
               determine the percentage of vesting and report to the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board of Directors for
               approval before vesting; if the growth is less than 20.8% (excluding 20.8%), the corresponding portion of the 2021 assessment will
               not vest. (2) If the ESOP Management Committee assesses that such participants have achieved the target results for 2022 and the
               compound annual growth rate of the Company’s audited net profit attributable to the parent for 2022 exceeds 18% (including 18%)
               over the pro forma net profit attributable to the parent for 2020 (excluding the one-off gain on disposal of 54.40% equity interest in
               COSMOPlat), 60% of their interests of the underlying shares in the 2021 ESOP for such period shall vest to the participants in full;
               if the compound annual growth rate is between 14.4% (including 14.4%) and 18%, the ESOP Management Committee will
               determine the percentage of vesting and report to the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board of Directors for
               approval before vesting; if the growth is less than 14.4% (excluding 14.4%), the corresponding portion of the 2022 assessment will
               not vest.

               Other than the aforementioned participants, the passing rate of the ESOP Participants shall be determined by the ESOP
               Management Committee and the vesting could be 40% and 60% for 2021 and 2022, respectively.

      2.       The assessment indicators under the A Share and H Share ESOP (2022) (“2022 ESOP”) are as follows:

               a.     Where the participants under the 2022 ESOP are the chairman, president and platform personnel of the Company, the
                      assessment indicators and vesting shall be as follows: If the results of the Management Committee’s assessment of such
                      participants in 2022 are up to the standard, and the audited net profit attributable to the parent company of the Company
                      in 2022 is increased by more than 15% (inclusive) compared with the pro forma net profit attributable to parent company in
                      2021, 40% of the interests of the underlying shares in the 2022 ESOP shall be vested to the participants. If the said net
                      profit is increased by 12% (inclusive) to 15%, vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the
                      Management Committee and submitted to the Remuneration and Assessment Committee for approval; if the said net profit
                      is increased by less than 12% (exclusive), the corresponding part of assessment in 2022 will not be vested. If the results of
                      the Management Committee’s assessment of such participants in 2023 are up to the standard, and the audited net profit
                      attributable to the parent company of the Company in 2023 is increased by more than 15% (inclusive) compared with the
                      pro forma net profit attributable to parent company in 2021 on a CAGR basis, 60% of the interests of the underlying shares
                      under the 2022 ESOP shall be vested to the participants. If the said net profit is increased by 12% (inclusive) to 15% on a
                      CAGR basis,vesting shall be made after the proportion of vesting is determined by the Management Committee and
                      submitted to the Remuneration and Assessment Committee for approval; if the said net profit is increased by less than 12%
                      (exclusive), the corresponding part of assessment in 2023 will not be vested. The “net profit attributable to the parent
                      company”: (1) the net profit attributable to the parent company during the 2021 represents audit data for 2021 Audit Report,
                      amounting to RMB13.067 billion; (2) the other net profit attributable to the parent company during the 2022 and 2023
                      represents audited net profit attributable to the parent company after excluding the one-off impact on profit or loss arising
                      from any material asset disposal/acquisition (if any) for the year. (In this regard, with reference to relevant requirements in the
                      Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
                      the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, material asset disposals and acquisitions are defined as: (1) material asset
                      disposals and acquisitions with an individual transaction amount representing over 5% (inclusive) of the latest audited net
                      asset attributable to the parent company of the listed company, or (2) individual transaction with asset creating a net profit
                      or net profit of acquisition target representing over 5% of the latest audited net profit attributable to the parent company of
                      the listed company.)

               b.     Where the participants under the 2022 ESOP are the persons other than those mentioned in item a above, 40% and 60% of
                      the interests of the underlying shares under the 2022 ESOP shall be vested respectively if the results of the Management
                      Committee’s assessment in 2022 and 2023 are up to the standard.



112   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     Report of The Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Shares restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share ESOP (2021)
The total amount of funds used to participate in the ESOP for 2021 was RMB90 million. Pursuant to the
arrangement of the H Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021), the Company entrusted an asset
management company to purchase a total of 3,757,000 H Shares of the Company in the secondary market
through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average transaction price of HK$28.268 per share and a
transaction amount of approximately HK$106 million. The aforesaid purchased shares will be subject to lock-
up for a period from 27 July 2021 to 26 July 2022.

After the end of the lock-up period, the participants shall be appraised according to the performance
appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is generally two years in the proportion of 40% and
60%, and the final appraisal period and the vesting proportion shall be determined by the Management
Committee of the ESOP.

Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the vested H Shares will be sold by the asset management company on
due course for the cash settlement to the participants.

The participants of the H Share ESOP are 35 core senior management staff members of the Company who
play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

H Share ESOP (2022)
Participants of the 2022 ESOP shall include the directors (except for independent directors) and senior
officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries,
totaling 33 persons. The total amount of funds to be used to participate in the 2022 ESOP shall be RMB60
million. There are 8 persons including directors, and senior officers, with a total share of RMB20.53 million,
accounting for 34.2% of the 2022 ESOP. There are 25 other core management personnel of the Company,
with a total share of RMB39.47 million, accounting for 65.8% of the 2022 ESOP.

The source of shares of the 2022 ESOP shall be the H shares of the Company purchased from the
secondary market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. The lock-up period shall be 12 months,
calculated from the date when the Company announces that the underlying shares purchased in the last
time are recorded in the 2022 ESOP.

During the year, the Company entrusted an asset management company to purchase a total of 2,653,200 H
Shares of the Company in the secondary market through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an average
transaction price of HKD25.663 per share and a transaction amount of approximately HK$68 million.

After the end of the lock-up period, the participants of the 2022 ESOP shall be appraised according to the
performance appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two years, and upon the appraisal,
40% and 60% of the shares of the plan shall be vested to the participants in two phases.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   113
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share ESOP (2022) (continued)
      The specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the
      lock-up period. Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the vested H Shares will be sold by the asset
      management company on due course for the cash settlement to the participants.

      The following table discloses movements in the H Share ESOPs during the year:

                                                 On     Granted          Vested    Cancelled       Lapsed             On
          Name or category of             1 January   during the during the year   during the   during the   31 December    Date of grant of   Vesting period
          Participants                         2022         year          (Note)         year         year          2022    H Share ESOP       for H Share ESOP


          Directors*
          Mr. LI Huagang                    159,620          —           59,300            —            —        100,320    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                                 —      194,347              —             —            —        194,347    10/08/2022         30/07/2022–30/07/2024


                                            159,620     194,347          59,300            —            —        294,667

          Mr. GONG Wei                       98,840          —           36,627            —            —         62,213    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                                 —      104,359              —             —            —        104,359    10/08/2022         30/07/2022–30/07/2024


                                             98,840     104,359          36,627            —            —        166,572

          Subtotal                          258,460     298,706          95,927            —            —        461,239


          Five highest paid employees
          In aggregate                      314,126          —          113,490            —            —        200,636    30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                                 —      326,356              —             —            —        326,356    10/08/2022         10/08/2022–30/07/2024

          Other employees
          In aggregate                    3,184,414           —        1,082,932           —            —       2,101,482   30/07/2021         30/07/2021–30/07/2023
                                                 —     2,028,138              —            —            —       2,028,138   10/08/2022         30/07/2022–30/07/2024


                                          3,498,540    2,354,494       1,196,422           —            —       4,656,612

          Total                           3,757,000    2,653,200       1,292,349           —            —       5,117,851


      *           Mr. LIANG Haishan and Mr. XIE Juzhi retired from their positions as executive directors on 28 June 2022. They had 1,129,344 and
                  109,214 H Shares ESOP outstanding respectively on 28 June 2022 and there was no change of their holding of H Shares ESOP
                  from 1 January 2022 till 28 June 2022.


      The closing price of the Company’s H Share immediately before the grant date of the H Share ESOP was
      HK$23.7 per share. The fair values of the H Share ESOP granted on 10 August 2022 is RMB52 million, the
      Group recognised a total A and H Share ESOP expense of RMB567 million during year ended 31 December
      2022. The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the vesting date of the H Share
      ESOP was HK$25.8 per share. Refer to note 37 of the consolidated financial statements for the details of
      the fair value measurement of the H Share ESOP.

      The granting mandate of each of the H Share ESOPs is only valid and effective for that particular year, and
      therefore there is no remaining life for such H Share ESOPs as at the date of this annual report. As at 1
      January and 31 December 2022, the number of share awards available for grant under the H Share ESOPs
      was nil.



114   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                    Report of The Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share ESOP (2022) (continued)
The particulars regarding dilution effect of the H Share ESOP are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.

Note:


The assessment criteria for H Share ESOP are the same as for A Share ESOP. Refer to the note to the table disclosing movements in the
A Share ESOPs above.


H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021 and 2022)
The purposes of the RSU Scheme are to stimulate the pro-activeness of the eligible persons, encourage
their innovation to create value, enhance profit, achieve competitive goals, and ultimately maximise return for
the shareholders; to promote the strategic development and realize the goals of the Company; to optimise
the remuneration structure of the Group’s employees; to attract, motivate and retain core capable talents of
the Group for the future business development and expansion of the Group.

Eligible Person who may participate in the RSU Scheme include any individual, being an employee, director,
supervisor, senior management, key operating team member of any member of the Group who the Board or
its delegatee considers, in their sole discretion, to have significantly contributed or will significantly contribute
to the development of the Group.

Subject to the RSU Scheme Rules, the Company and/or the delegatee may from time to time instruct the
trustee in writing to subscribe or acquire H Shares on the Stock Exchange and to hold them on trust for the
benefit of the selected participants on and subject to the terms and conditions of the RSU Scheme Rules
and the Trust Deed.

The Board or the delegatee may grant awards to selected participants during the award period conditional
upon fulfilment of terms and conditions of the awards and performance targets as the Board or the
delegatee determines from time to time.

The Board shall not make any further grant which will result in the aggregate number of H Shares granted to
exceed one per cent (1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date. The total
number of RSU granted but remain unvested to a selected participant under the RSU Scheme shall not
exceed zero point one per cent (0.1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date.

The vesting of the Award granted under the RSU Scheme is subject to the conditions of the relevant
business unit(s) and personal performance targets of the relevant selected participant and any other
applicable vesting conditions as set out in the award letter.

Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021), the Company entrusted
an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 4,538,400 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
market, with an average price of HK$27.32 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$124 million.




                                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022    115
      Report of The Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
      Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
      shares award scheme (continued)
      H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021 and 2022) (continued)
      In year 2021, a total of 4,438,027 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by staff
      members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the Company) who play
      an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

      Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2022), the Company entrusted
      an independent trust agency to purchase a total of 5,783,600 H Shares of the Company in the secondary
      market, with an average price of HK$26.63 and a total transaction amount of approximately HK$154 million.

      During the reporting year (2022), a total of 5,636,959 H Share RSU of the Company were granted to and
      accepted by staff members of the Company (who are not directors, chief executive and supervisors of the
      Company) who play an important role in the overall performance and development of the Company.

      The following table discloses movements in the Company’s H Share RSU during the year:


                                                           Number of H Share RSU

                                   On      Granted     Vested    Cancelled    Lapsed             On       Date of       Vesting
        Name or category 1 January           during    during       during    during    31 December      grant of    period for
        of Participants          2022      the year   the year    the year   the year          2022          RSU           RSU


        Non-director
          employees
        In aggregate         4,438,027           —    309,451           —    725,553       3,403,023   30/7/2021,    30/7/2021–
                                                                                                        1/9/2021,     1/8/2024,
                                                                                                       15/12/2021     1/9/2021–
                                                                                                                      1/8/2024,
                                                                                                                    15/12/2021–
                                                                                                                       1/8/2024
        In aggregate                —        62,266         —           —          —         62,266     25/5/2022    25/5/2022–
                                                                                                                       1/8/2024
        In aggregate                —     5,574,693         —           —    274,107       5,300,586   23/6/2022,    23/6/2022–
                                                                                                         9/9/2022     1/7/2025,
                                                                                                                      9/9/2022–
                                                                                                                       1/7/2025


                             4,438,027    5,636,959   309,451           —    999,660       8,765,875


      The closing prices of the Company’s H Share immediately before the grant date of the RSU on 25 May
      2022, 23 June 2022 and 9 September 2022 were HK$25.4, HK$26.6 and HK$25.5 per share respectively.
      The fair values of the RSU granted on 25 May 2022, 23 June 2022 and 9 September 2022 were
      RMB1 million, RMB123 million and RMB1 million respectively, the Group recognised a total restricted share
      expense of RMB30 million during year ended 31 December 2022. The weighted average closing price of the
      shares immediately before the vesting date of the H Share RSU was HKD 25.6 per share. Refer to note 37
      of the consolidated financial statements for the details of the fair value measurement of the H Share RSU.



116   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                    Report of The Directors




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (continued)
Introduction of the new phase of A-Share and H-Share ESOPs, and H-Share restricted
shares award scheme (continued)
H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021 and 2022) (continued)
The granting mandate of each of the H Share RSU schemes is only valid and effective for that particular
year, and therefore there is no remaining life for H Share RSU schemes as at the date of this annual report.
As at 1 January and 31 December 2022, the number of share awards available for grant under the H Share
RSU schemes was nil.

The particulars regarding dilution effect of the H Share RSU are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.

At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had 8,765,875 H Share RSU
outstanding under the RSU Scheme, which represented approximately 0.31% of the Company’s total
number of H Shares in issue as at that date.

Further details of the H Share RSU is set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The participants under the A Share Option Incentive Schemes exclude the Company’s independent
directors, supervisors, the shareholders individually or in aggregate holding 5% or more of the shares of the
Company or the de facto controllers and their spouses, parents or children.

The total number shares of the Company to be granted under the A Share Option Incentive schemes within
the validity period to any participants will not exceed 1% of the total number of shares of the Company. The
total underlying shares of the Company involved under fully effective share option incentive schemes shall
not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the Company as at the date of the proposal of the
incentive scheme at the shareholders’ meetings for approval. The source of the scheme share for A Share
Option Incentive Scheme are from the issuance of new shares.

2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
The Company adopted a 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2021 A Share Option Incentive
Scheme”) at the extraordinary general meeting held on 15 September 2021. This scheme is an additional
measure that builds on the Company’s A Share and H Share Employee Stock Ownership Schemes and
Restricted Share Unit Scheme to further enhance employee incentives.

To drive the achievement of the Company’s longer term target, further enhance the development of high-end
scenario-based brand and smart household business, the Company introduced the A Share Option Incentive
Scheme to provide incentive to the core management members with five or six-year appraisal period and
higher profit targets than those under the A Share and H Share ESOP.

The participants of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme are core management staff that have made
significant contribution to the Company’s overall performance and long-term development, specifically
including Directors and senior management of the Company, the general manager and department manager
of business divisions of the Company.

For the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 51,000,000 Share
Options to the Participants. Among which, first 46,000,000 to be granted and 5,000,000 to be reserved.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   117
      Report of The Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (continued)
      In year 2021, on 15 September 2021, the Company firstly granted 46,000,000 A Share options to 400
      participants (included directors of the Company). On 15 December 2021, the Company granted 4,525,214
      reserved share options to 18 participants under the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme. The remaining
      reserved share options under the A Share Option Incentive Scheme will not be further granted.

      2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
      The Company adopted a 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2022 A Share Option Incentive
      Scheme”) at the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2022.

      As the Company is leading the effort to upgrade its Internet of Things from “high-end brands” to “scenario
      brands”, and to “ecological brands”, the Company needs to have long-term planning to ensure the
      achievement of its strategic results and also improve its long-term incentive scheme in line with the above
      objectives. As such, the incentive scheme encourages core technology talents and business team to venture
      and innovate continuously, as well as significantly boosts and promotes participants’ initiative through the
      formulation of long-term performance growth indicators and inspires them to provide users with the best
      experience and achieve business development across the industry cycle.

      The incentive model serves as a benchmark for the development in the coming 4 years as a cycle, which
      expedites participant’s alignment with the Company’s strategic objectives of long-term development, and
      further promotes the synergistic consolidation of businesses, boosts operation efficiency and achieves
      industry leading.

      The participants are core staff that includes business director, core technical staff and business backbone
      staff of the Company (excluding current Directors and senior management of the Company) and have made
      significant contributions to the Company’s overall performance and long-term development.

      For the 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 104,756,896 A Share
      options to the Participants. On 28 June 2022, the Company had granted 104,756,896 A Share options to
      1,834 participants.




118   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                               Report of The Directors




A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
The following table discloses movements in the Company’s A Share options outstanding during the year:

                                                           Number of A-Share options
                                                                                                                                       Exercise
                                                                                                                                        price of
                                                                                                            Date of                       share
                                                                   Cancelled                                grant of                options per
                                   On      Granted    Exercised    during the      Lapsed           On        share       Exercise        share
    Name or category of     1 January    during the   during the         year   during the 31 December      options period of share     (note 2)
    Participants                 2022          year         year     (note 3)         year        2022      (note 1)        options        RMB

    Executive directors*
    Mr. LI Huagang            913,900            —            —            —           —       913,900    15/09/2021   15/09/2022 to       25.63
                                                                                                                          15/09/2027
    Mr. GONG Wei              457,000            —            —            —           —       457,000    15/09/2021   15/09/2022 to       25.63
                                                                                                                          15/09/2027

    Other employees
    In aggregate            44,629,100           —            —            —           —     44,629,100   15/09/2021   15/09/2022 to       25.63
                                                                                                                          15/09/2027
    In aggregate             4,525,214           —            —            —           —      4,525,214   15/12/2021   15/12/2022 to       25.63
                                                                                                                          15/12/2027
    In aggregate                    — 104,756,896             —            —           —    104,756,896   28/06/2022   28/06/2023 to       23.86
                                                                                                                          28/06/2027

                            50,525,214 104,756,896            —            —           —    155,282,110


*        Mr. LIANG Haishan and Mr. XIE Juzhi retired from their positions as executive directors on 28 June 2022. They had 913,900 and
         913,900 A Shares options outstanding respectively on 28 June 2022 and there was no change of their holding of A Shares options
         from 1 January 2022 till 28 June 2022.


There is no consideration payable on application or acceptance of the share options by the participants
under the A Share option scheme. The granting mandate of each of the A Share option schemes is only
valid and effective for that particular year, and therefore there is no remaining life for such A Share option
schemes as at the date of this annual report. As at 1 January and 31 December 2022, the number of share
options available for grant under the A Share option schemes was nil.




                                                                                                Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022      119
      Report of The Directors




      A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
      Exercise arrangement for the share options granted in 2021:

                                                Proportion of
                                                  exercisable
                                                share options
        Exercise                                   to granted
        arrangement    Vesting periods          share options   Exercise periods                                Performance appraisal target

        1st exercise   From the date of grant            20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                          to the expiry of                         12 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2021
                          12 months from the                       last trading day upon the expiry of 24          over adjusted net profit attributable to the
                          date of grant                            months from the date of grant                   parent company in 2020 reaches or
                                                                                                                   exceeds 30%
        2nd exercise   From the date of grant            20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                          to the expiry of                         24 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2022
                          24 months from the                       last trading day upon the expiry of 36          over net profit attributable to the parent
                          date of grant                            months from the date of grant                   company in 2021 reaches or exceeds
                                                                                                                   15%
        3rd exercise   From the date of grant            20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          to the expiry of                         36 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          36 months from the                       last trading day upon the expiry of 48          parent company in 2023 over net profit
                          date of grant                            months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                   reaches or exceeds 15%
        4th exercise   From the date of grant            20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          to the expiry of                         48 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          48 months from the                       last trading day upon the expiry of 60          parent company in 2024 over net profit
                          date of grant                            months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                   reaches or exceeds 15%
        5th exercise   From the date of grant            20%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          to the expiry of                         60 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          60 months from the                       last trading day upon the expiry of 72          parent company in 2025 over net profit
                          date of grant                            months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                   reaches or exceeds 15%


      Exercise arrangement for the share options granted in 2022:

                                                Proportion of
                                                  exercisable
                                                share options
        Exercise                                   to granted
        arrangement    Vesting periods          share options   Exercise periods                                Performance appraisal target


        1st exercise   From the date of grant            25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The growth rate of the Company’s net profit
                          to the expiry of                         12 months from the date of grant to the         attributable to the parent company in 2022
                          12 months from the                       last trading day upon the expiry of 24          over net profit attributable to the parent
                          date of grant                            months from the date of grant                   company in 2021 reaches or exceeds 15%
        2nd exercise   From the date of grant            25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          to the expiry of                         24 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          24 months from the                       last trading day upon the expiry of 36          parent company in 2023 over net profit
                          date of grant                            months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                   reaches or exceeds 15%
        3rd exercise   From the date of grant            25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          to the expiry of                         36 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          36 months from the                       last trading day upon the expiry of 48          parent company in 2024 over net profit
                          date of grant                            months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                   reaches or exceeds 15%
        4th exercise   From the date of grant            25%    From the first trading day upon the expiry of   The compound annual growth rate of the
                          to the expiry of                         48 months from the date of grant to the         Company’s net profit attributable to the
                          48 months from the                       last trading day upon the expiry of 60          parent company in 2025 over net profit
                          date of grant                            months from the date of grant                   attributable to the parent company in 2021
                                                                                                                   reaches or exceeds 15%




120   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                           Report of The Directors




A-SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
Exercise arrangement for the share options granted in 2022: (continued)

Notes:


1.       The share options granted in 2021 will be valid for a maximum period of 72 months commencing from the grant date to the date of
         full exercise or cancellation of all share options granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant
         date of share options granted under the Incentive Scheme, and subject to the satisfaction of the Exercise Conditions, the
         participants may exercise the options in five yearly phases of 20% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share
         options is from the date of grant until the respective vesting dates.


         The share options granted in 2022 will be valid for a maximum period of 60 months commencing from the grant date to the date of
         full exercise or cancellation of all share options granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant
         date of share options granted under the Incentive Scheme, and subject to the satisfaction of the Exercise Conditions, the
         participants may exercise the options in four yearly phases of 25% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share
         options is from the date of grant until the respective vesting dates.


2.       The exercise price of the share options granted is not lower than the carrying amount of the shares, nor lower than the higher of the
         followings: (1) the average trading price of the A Shares on the trading day preceding the announcement of the A Share Option
         Incentive Scheme, and (2) the average trading price of the A Shares for the last 20 trading days preceding the announcement of the
         A Share Option Incentive Scheme. The number and exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment(s) in the event of
         any distribution of dividends, capitalisation issue, bonus issue, sub-division or consolidation of shares and rights issue in
         accordance with the provisions of the A Share Option Incentive Scheme.


3.       All the options forfeited before expiry of the relevant schemes will be treated as lapsed options which will not be added back to the
         number of shares available to be issued under the relevant schemes.


The closing price of the Company’s A Share immediately before the grant date of the A Share options
(28 June 2022) was RMB27.3 per share. The fair values of the A Share options granted on 28 June 2022 is
RMB777 million, the Group recognised a total share option expense of RMB315 million during year ended
31 December 2022. Refer to note 37 of the consolidated financial statements for the details of the fair value
measurement of the A Share options.

The number of A shares that may be issued in respect of A Share options granted under all schemes of the
Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 represented 1.66% of the weighted average number of
shares of the A Shares in issue for the year 2022. The total number of A Shares available for issue under
the A-share option scheme is 155,282,110 as at 31 December 2022, representing approximately 1.64% of
the total share capital as at 31 December 2022 and approximately 1.64% of the total share capital as at 27
April 2023 (the date of publication of 2022 annual report of the Company).

The particulars regarding dilution effect of the share options are set out in note 12 to the financial
statements.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES IN OR
DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
Save as the share awards (ESOPs and RSU scheme) and share options granted and vested to the Directors
and supervisors, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2022 were rights to acquire benefits by
means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors, supervisors or
their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them, or was the
Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to
enable the Directors and supervisors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.




                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022       121
      Report of The Directors




      CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
      The Group has contracts with Haier Corp and their subsidiaries and/or associates (collectively referred to as
      “Haier Affiliates”) for the transactions include those for Property Leasing Framework Agreement, Services
      Supply Framework Agreement, Services Procurement Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Sales
      Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and Financial Services
      Framework Agreement. Further details of the transactions undertaken in connection with these contracts
      during the year are included in the section “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS”.

      EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
      On 11 January 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with a placing agent for a placing of
      new H Shares of the Company under general mandate. A total of 41,413,600 H Shares have been placed to
      five placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners are third parties independent of and not connected
      with the Company and/or its connected persons. The placing price is HK$28.00 per H Share.

      Save as (i) above-mentioned placing agreement, (ii) the convertible bonds issued under the EB-to-CB
      Proposal, and (iii) the A-Share option incentive scheme, the Company has not engaged in any equity-linked
      agreement during the year ended 31 December 2022.




122   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                       Report of The Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
At 31 December 2022, the following shareholders who have interest in 5% or more of the issued share
capital of the Company were recorded in the register of substantial shareholders as required to be kept by
the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions:


                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                    Approximate      percentage* of
                                                                                                  percentage* of    shareholding in
                                Class of           Number of                                     shareholding in     the total share
                                Shares                Shares                                   the relevant class      capital of the
    Name of Shareholder         held                    held Nature of interest                        of Shares           Company


    Haier Group                 A Share         2,624,170,564 Beneficial owner                           41.60%              27.78%
      CorporationNotes 1 to 4                                 Interest in controlled
                                                                 corporation
                                                              Interest through voting rights
                                                                 entrustment arrangement
                                H Share           538,560,000 Interest in controlled                     18.78%               5.70%
                                                                 corporation
                                D Share            58,135,194 Interest in controlled                     21.45%               0.62%
                                                                 corporation

    Haier COSMO                 A Share         1,258,684,824 Beneficial owner                           19.95%              13.32%
      Co., Ltd.Notes 1 and 2

    HCH (HK) Investment         H Share           538,560,000 Beneficial owner                           18.78%               5.70%
      Management Co.,
      LimitedNote 3

    Haier International Co.,    D Share             58,135,194 Beneficial owner                          21.45%               0.62%
      LimitedNote 4

    Other H Class
      ShareholdersNote 5

    Other D class
      ShareholdersNote 6

*        The percentage is calculated on the basis that the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2022 totalling 9,446,598,493
         comprise 6,308,552,654 A Shares, 271,013,973 D Shares and 2,867,031,866 H Shares, representing approximately 66.78%, 2.87%
         and 30.35% of the total share capital of the Company, respectively.




                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022    123
      Report of The Directors




      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES AND
      UNDERLYING SHARES (continued)
      Notes:


      1.       Haier Group Corporation holds directly 1,072,610,764 A Shares. In addition, Haier Group Corporation indirectly owns or controls (i)
               1,258,684,824 A Shares through Haier COSMO Co., Ltd. (海爾卡奧斯股份有限公司) (formerly Haier Electric Appliances International
               Co., Ltd.), one of its subsidiaries, (ii) 172,252,560 A Shares through Qingdao Haier Venture & Investment Information Co., Ltd., one
               of its subsidiaries and (iii) 120,622,416 A Shares through Qingdao Haichuangzhi Management Consulting Enterprise (Limited
               Partnership), a party acting in concert with Haier Group Corporation.


      2.       Haier Group Corporation holds 51.20% of the issued shares in Haier COSMO Co. Ltd. (海 爾 卡 奧 斯 股 份 有 限 公 司) (formerly Haier
               Electric Appliances International Co., Ltd.), and is also entitled to exercise the remaining 48.80% voting rights in Haier Cosmo Co.,
               Ltd. through an irrevocable voting rights entrustment arrangement.


      3        HCH (HK) Investment Management Co., Limited (“HCH (HK)”) holds 538,560,000 H Shares. Haier Group Corporation controls 100%
               voting rights in HCH (HK), thus is deemed to be interested in the 538,560,000 H Shares held by HCH (HK).


      4.       Haier International Co., Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group Corporation. Therefore, Haier Group Corporation is
               deemed to be interested in the 58,135,194 D Shares held by Haier International Co., Limited.


      5.       JPMorgan Chase & Co. held 288,993,143 H Shares, representing approximately 10.08% of the total number of H Shares. BlackRock,
               Inc. held 150,625,863 H Shares, representing approximately 5.25% of the total number of H Shares.


      6.       Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd. held 54,007,663 D Shares, representing approximately 19.93% of the total number of D Shares; Morgan
               Stanley held 16,244,153 D Shares, representing approximately 5.99% of the total number of D Shares.


      Short positions and Lending pools:

      JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a short position of 17,666,023 H Shares, representing approximately 0.62% of
      the total number of H Shares; and had a lending pool of 52,429,615 H Shares, representing approximately
      1.83% of the total number of H Shares. BlackRock, Inc. had a short position of 1,824,800 H Shares,
      representing approximately 0.06% of the total number of H Shares.

      Morgan Stanley had a short position of 13,884,576 D Shares, representing approximately 5.12% of the total
      number of D Shares.

      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, no person, other than the Directors of the Company,
      whose interests are set out in the section “Directors’ interests and short positions in shares and underlying
      shares” above, had registered an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the
      Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




124   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                       Report of The Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Haier Group directly and indirectly own 34.10% of the voting rights of the Company. Haier Group, together
with its associates as defined under Rule 14A.13 of the Listing Rules, are therefore the Company’s
connected persons by virtue of Rules 14A.07(1) and 14A.07(4) of the Listing Rules.

The Board of the Company approved on 28 April 2022 that Qingdao Haier Smart Life Electric Co. Ltd. (“Life
Electric Co.”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Agreement on the Transfer of
Equity Interest in Qingdao TAB Robot Technology Co., LTD (“TAB”) with Qingdao Haier Interconnect
Technology Co. Ltd. (“Interconnect Co.”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group. Pursuant to this
agreement, Life Electric Co. acquired 100% of the equity interest in TAB from Interconnect Co., and Life
Electric Co. shall pay a consideration of RMB125 million in cash for the transfer of the equity interest. The
purposes of the transaction are to establish the competitiveness of service robots for household cleaning,
promote the development of the Company’s cleaning appliance business, focus its cleaning appliance
resources and build up its competitiveness in whole-house deep cleaning, as well as to enhance its
corporate governance and reduce routine connected transactions of the Company.

The Board of the Company approved on 28 April 2022 that Haier Shareholdings (Hong Kong) Limited (“Haier
Hong Kong”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Agreement on the Transfer of
Equity Interest in Qingdao Haier Mold Co., Ltd. (“Mold Company”) with Qingdao Haier Mold Smart Cloud
Technology Co., Ltd. (“Haier Mold Technology”), an indirect subsidiary controlled by Haier Group. Pursuant
to this agreement Haier Hong Kong sold 25% of the equity interest in the Mold Company to Haier Mold
Technology, and Haier Mold Technology shall pay a consideration of RMB277.0 million in cash for the
transfer of the equity interest. This transaction is in line with the development and strategic objectives of the
Company.

The Board of the Company approved on 29 August 2022 that, in order to complement the self-
manufacturing capability of refrigerator doors of Qingdao Haier Special Refrigerator Co., Ltd. (“Special
Refrigerator Co., Ltd.”), reduce the Company’s routine connected transactions and enhance its level of
corporate governance, Special Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered
into the Equity Transfer Agreements with Haier Group Corporation, Haier COSMO Co., Ltd. and Qingdao
Haier Tooling Development Co., Ltd. respectively (the “Transferors” which hold 30.23%, 65.58% and 4.19%
equity interest in Qingdao Haier Special Plastic R&D Co., Ltd. (“Special Plastic Co., Ltd.”) respectively).
Pursuant to these agreements, Special Refrigerator Co., Ltd. acquired from the Transferors 100% of the
equity interest in Special Plastic Co., Ltd. Special Refrigerator Co., Ltd. shall pay a total consideration of
RMB152 million in cash for the transfer of the equity interest.

As at the end of the reporting period, the transactions were completed. These transactions constitute
connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and have complied with the
disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   125
      Report of The Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions
      Following the listing of the Company by way of introduction on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange (in the form of H Shares) for the privatisation of Haier Electronics Group Co., Ltd. by the
      Company, the transactions between members of the Group and Haier Group constitute continuing
      connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. These connected
      transactions have complied with the disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      The non-exempt continuing connected transactions include those for Property Leasing Framework
      Agreement, Services Supply Framework Agreement, Services Procurement Framework Agreement, Products
      and Materials Sales Framework Agreement, Products and Materials Procurement Framework Agreement, and
      Financial Services Framework Agreement. These continuing connected transaction agreements (except the
      Financial Services Framework Agreement) remained in force from the listing date of H-shares to 31
      December 2022, and have been renewed during the year on 28 June 2022 (date of the 2021 Annual
      General Meeting of the Company) such that these agreements shall remain in force up to 31 December
      2025. The Financial Services Framework Agreement had been renewed on 25 June 2021 (date of the 2020
      Annual General Meeting of the Company) and shall remain in force up to 31 December 2023. Further details
      and reasons of these transactions are as follows:

      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group had the following material transactions with Haier
      Group:

                                                               Cap Amounts      Transaction Amounts
                                                                      2022          2022            2021
                                                      Notes        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000


        Property Leasing Framework
          Agreement                                    (i)          207,000        97,000           106,000
        Services Supply Framework
          Agreement                                    (ii)         401,000        81,000           214,000
        Services Procurement Framework
          Agreement                                    (iii)      6,449,000     5,963,000         5,477,000
        Products and Materials Sales
          Framework Agreement                          (iv)       5,310,000     2,859,000         2,955,000
        Products and Materials Procurement
          Framework Agreement                          (v)       24,805,000    16,712,000        19,197,000
        Financial Services Framework
          Agreement                                    (vi)




126   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                            Report of The Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)

                                                                         Cap Amounts                    Transaction Amounts
                                                                                2022                        2022             2021
                                                           Notes             RMB’000                    RMB’000           RMB’000


       Deposit Services                                      (vi)
       (a) Maximum daily outstanding balance                                  32,000,000               31,977,000              28,655,000
       (b) Interest income                                                       960,000                  570,000                 340,000
       Loan Services                                         (vi)
       (a) Maximum daily outstanding balance                                   7,000,000                  338,000                  557,000
       (b) Interest expense                                                      280,000                    5,000                    8,000
       Other Financial Services                              (vi)
       (a) Maximum daily trading balance of
             Foreign exchange derivative products                              5,500,000                  413,000                2,612,000
       (b) Service fee                                                            80,000                   29,000                   23,000

Notes:


(i)       The Group rents certain properties from Haier Group and its associates from time to time for the Group offices and business uses,
          for which Haier Group charges the Group rental and other charges. The purpose is that our Group has historically occupied certain
          properties owned by Haier Group and its associates for our offices and business uses. Since the relocation of such entities of our
          Group to other premises would result in unnecessary interruptions to our business and would incur unnecessary additional
          expenses, our Group entered into the Property Leasing Framework Agreement with Haier Group to ensure continuing smooth
          operation of our Group and to save costs.


          The pricing policy (including but not limited to the rental and services fees to be paid by our Group to Haier Group and its
          associates, payment progress and method) would be negotiated between Haier Group and its associates and our Group at arm’s
          length basis, with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of transactions with independent third parties.

(ii)      The Group has provided certain sales-related services mainly comprising after-sale services and value-added consumer services, such
          as installation, calibration, consultation, repair and maintenance and technical support and other services to Haier Group and its
          associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


          The purpose is that our Group has also entered into the Products Sales Framework Agreement with Haier Group, pursuant to which
          our Group would provide certain Products and Materials for Sale to Haier Group and its associates from time to time. The provision
          of sales-related services under the Services Supply Framework Agreement provides Haier Group with a one-stop solution in relation
          to its demands for Products and Materials for Sale from us. The enhancement of purchase experience of Haier Group through
          provision of sales-related services helps our Group maintain a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group.


          Pricing for the after-sale and value-added services provided by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the
          Services Supply Framework Agreement varies taking into account the type and nature of each type of services, and pricing
          increases when a higher degree of technicality or costs are involved for the required service. Each type of services would be
          provided on terms no less favourable to our Group than those prevailing in the PRC market for the services of the same or
          comparable type, nature and quality and at similar time, with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of
          transactions with independent third parties.




                                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022       127
      Report of The Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      (iii)   The Group would purchase certain services mainly include logistics services, advertising, promotional and marketing services and
              other comprehensive services from Haier Group and its associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


              The purpose is that the Group and Haier Group have a long-term and stable business relationship. Haier Group is familiar with our
              business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements, and is able to supply relevant services we needed on
              a constant basis. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier
              Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for the relevant services in a stable and quality manner.


              The fees to be paid by our Group to Haier Group and its associates pursuant to the Services Procurement Framework Agreement
              would be determined with reference to market prices or normal commercial terms of this type of transactions with independent third
              parties, or negotiated by the parties on an arm’s-length basis by taking into consideration factors including but not limited to actual
              costs and expenses and market conditions. The prices and terms shall be no less favourable than those offered to our Group by
              independent third parties.


      (iv)    The Group has to provide certain products and materials mainly include products for internal consumption, components and raw
              materials for production use and full-suite smart home solutions, including ancillary products and services to Haier Group and its
              associates on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.


              The purpose is that the Group is familiar with Haier Group’s business process and needs, quality standards and operational
              requirements, and is able to supply the Products and Materials for Sale needed by Haier Group on a constant basis and provides
              our Group with a stable income. Our Directors believe that maintaining a stable and quality business relationship with Haier Group
              will facilitate our current and future business operations. In addition, our Group is able to leverage on the centralised procurement
              platforms to source the components and materials requested by Haier Group from time to time at a relatively lower cost and profit
              from the spread offered, thereby enjoying benefits from economies of scale.


              The fees to be charged for the Products and Materials for Sale to be sold by our Group to Haier Group and its associates
              pursuant to the Products and Materials Sales Framework Agreement would be at such prices to be agreed between the parties, in
              particular:

              —      The prices of sales of products and the smart home solutions would be determined taking into account the type of products
                     and solutions, retail volume, market conditions and others, and would be not lower than the price of products and solutions
                     of the similar nature, type and quality provided by our Group to comparable independent third parties in the market.

              —      The prices of sales of components and materials would be determined based on actual sales prices of the components and
                     materials plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and administrative
                     expenses of the members of our Group in providing the components and materials) of no more than 1.25%.


              The sales (including the applied discount rates and commission fee rates) would be on terms no less favourable to our Group than
              those prevailing in the PRC market for products, components and materials of the same or comparable type, nature and quality and
              at similar time as well as those offered by our Group to independent third parties.




128   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                          Report of The Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
Notes: (continued)


(v)    The Group has to procure certain products and materials mainly comprising products for internal consumption and resale uses,
       production and experimental equipment used, idled, procured and/or tailor-made by Haier Group and its associates for the Group
       internal consumption use, and raw materials and parts required for production use from Haier Group and its associates on a non-
       exclusive basis, from time to time.


       The purpose is that Haier Group is familiar with our business process and needs, quality standards and operational requirements,
       and is able to supply the Products and Materials to Procure needed by us on a constant basis. Our Group is allowed to leverage
       on the scale and efficiency of the centralised procurement platform of Haier Group and its associates for its production operations
       of different segments thereby lowering our Group’s procurement costs. Based on our previous experience in business dealings with
       Haier Group and its associates, we believe that Haier Group and its associates are capable of effectively satisfying our demands for
       relevant stable and quality products, equipment and materials.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the products to procure would be negotiated by the
       parties at arm’s length basis on terms no less favourable than those offered to our Group by independent third parties. In the event
       that there are no appropriate independent third parties providing products and materials of same or similar quality, our Group will
       refer to the fees and terms of products of same or similar quality provided by Haier Group and its associates to independent third
       parties, cost of products and materials, estimated value and market price for comparison and referencing purpose.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the equipment to procure would be determined
       based on arm’s length negotiation after taking into account various factors such as the sources, depreciation, and net asset values
       of such equipment, relevant cost and expense (such as purchase price of such equipment, relevant operational and administrative
       expenses, etc.), with reference to the estimated values and market prices, which is determined based on the historical prices paid
       by our Group to independent third parties in procuring the equipment of similar type and quality.


       The procurement amount to be charged by Haier Group and its associates for the materials to procure would be determined based
       on the actual cost (for example, prices obtained by Haier Group and/or its associates through bidding process (if applicable) or
       other actual purchase prices) plus a commission fee rate (which is for the purpose of covering the relevant operational and
       administrative expenses of Haier Group and its associates in providing the materials) of no more than 1.25%, or based on market
       prices.


(vi)   Haier Group and its associates mainly Haier Group (Qingdao) Financial Holdings Limited and Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (collectively
       “Haier Group Finance”) etc., provided financial services mainly comprising deposit services, Loan services and entrusted loan
       services and other financial services to the Group on a non-exclusive basis from time to time.

       The purpose is that Haier Group Finance, as enterprise group finance companies specialising in home appliance industry, can,
       subject to the supervision of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission provide a chain of various financial solutions
       to our Group in a more efficient and flexible manner than independent commercial banks. The benefits to our Group to use the
       financial services of Haier Group Finance include: (i) Haier Group Finance’s better understanding of the operations and development
       needs of our Group which should allow more expedient and efficient provision of various tailor-made packaged financial services to
       our Group than other external banks in the PRC; and (ii) the enhanced cost savings by reducing the amount of finance fees and
       charges payable to external banks when Haier Group Finance can offer more favourable terms than those offered by external
       banks.


       In terms of deposit services, pursuant to the Financial Services Framework Agreement, in respect of domestic RMB deposits, Haier
       Group and its associates provides deposit services to our Group, referring to the benchmark deposit interest rate announced by the
       PBOC on its official website for the same period from time to time, at an interest rate no less favourable than the highest interest
       rate for the same type of deposits as quoted by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, China
       Construction Bank, Bank of China and all the listed national joint stock banks in the PRC. Overseas deposits in RMB and foreign
       currencies are implemented in accordance with market principles, and the interest rate of similar deposits is more favourable than
       the highest interest rate of commercial banks available to the Group.




                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022       129
      Report of The Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Continuing Connected Transactions (continued)
      Notes: (continued)


      (vi)    (continued)


              In terms of loan services, Haier Group and its associates would provide loans to our Group at a price no less favourable than the
              market prices determined at arm’s length basis with reference to the borrowing rate for the same type of loans charged by other
              two to three major financial institutions/commercial banks. The entrusted loan services provided by Haier Group and its associates
              as a financial service institution for our Group are provided on a free-of-charge basis. Our Group may use the internet banking
              system of Haier Group and its associates for settlement on a free-of-charge basis.


              In terms of provision of Other Financial Services, the fees charged by Haier Group and its associates would be determined based
              on relevant market prices with reference to the benchmark rates published by the PBOC on its official website from time to time; if
              there is no such benchmark rates published by the PBOC for that kind of financial service, the fee would be determined with
              reference to, amongst other factors, the rates charged by other major financial institutions/commercial banks for the same types of
              services and on terms no less favourable than those offered by independent commercial banks/financial institutions in the PRC to
              our Group. Haier Group and its associates pools its resource advantages to obtain the lowest service fees and the best services
              from external financial institutions, and agrees that Haier Group and its associates would not charge any intermediate fees except
              those charged by external banks. In addition, Haier Group and its associates agrees to waive all the service fees to be paid by our
              Group to Haier Group and its associates, including without limitation, POS fees, account management fees, online banking
              activation fees, inquiry fees, deposit certificate fees, credit certificate fees, and internal settlement fees.


      The internal audit department of the Company reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the
      adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control procedures, and provided the findings to the independent
      non-executive Directors to assist them in performing their annual reviews. The independent non-executive
      Directors also made appropriate enquiries with the management to ensure that they have sufficient
      information to review the transactions and the internal control procedures. The INEDs have reviewed the
      continuing connected transactions set out above and have confirmed that these continuing connected
      transactions were entered into:

      (i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

      (ii)    on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
              independent third parties; and

      (iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
              in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.




130   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     Report of The Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
The amounts of the continuing connected transactions have not exceeded the caps disclosed in (i) the listing
document for the Company’s H Shares, or (ii) other previous announcements published by the Company.

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, the Company’s auditors, were engaged to report on the Group’s
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with
reference to Practice Note 740 Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng
Limited, have issued their unqualified letter to the Board containing their findings and conclusions in respect
of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of
the Listing Rules as follows:

a.   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing
     connected transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors.

b.   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their
     attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in
     accordance with the pricing policies of the Group.

c.   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not
     entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
     transactions.

d.   with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions set out in the
     above list of continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their attention that causes the
     auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual
     caps as set by the Company.

A copy of the auditor’s letter will be provided by the Company to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in April
2023.

Save as disclosed in this chapter, none of the related party transactions set out in note 13 to the financial
statements constitute connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and/or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

DONATIONS
During the year, the Company’s expenditure on charitable donation was approximately RMB19.14 million.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   131
      Report of The Directors




      TAXATION POLICIES FOR DIVIDEND
      Taxation policies applicable to the shareholders in respect of the cash dividend received for the shares held
      by them in the Company shall follow the laws and regulations as revised from time to time by the state,
      details in relation thereto will be otherwise announced by the Company.

      SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
      Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as
      at the date of this report, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public,
      and the H Shares was more than 15% of our Company’s total number of issued shares. Therefore, the
      Company is able to meet the minimum public float requirement under the Listing Rules.

      EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Details of the significant events of the Group after the reporting period are set out in note 52 to the financial
      statements.

      AUDITORS
      There have been no changes of auditors in the preceding three years, and Hexin Certified Public
      Accountants LLP audited the 2022 annual financial statements prepared by the Company in accordance with
      Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (PRC Accounting Standards).

      HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited audited the 2022 annual financial statements prepared by the Company
      in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.




      On behalf of the Board




      Li Huagang
      Chairman

      Qingdao, the PRC
      30 March 2023




132   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                   INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
HAIER SMART HOME CO., LTD.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 140 to 311, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   133
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
        Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter


        Provision for impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets

        Refer to Notes 2.3, 17 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements

        The Group had goodwill and other intangible         Our procedures in relation to the management’s
        assets with carrying amounts of approximately       impairment assessment included:
        RMB23,644 million and RMB9,135 million
        respectively as at 31 December 2022.                •      Evaluating the competency, capabilities and
                                                                   objectively of the independent professional
        This impairment assessment conclusion was
                                                                   external valuer;
        arrived at based on estimation of the recoverable
        amount of the goodwill and other intangible
                                                            •      Assessing the appropriateness of the
        assets as at 31 December 2022 using the
                                                                   methodology and key assumptions and inputs
        value-in-use model, which required exercise
        of management judgment with respect to the                 used based on our knowledge of the business
        determination of appropriate discount rate and             and of the relevant industry and using our
        estimation of forecasted cash flows for the                valuation experts;
        financial projection period, in particular future
        revenue growth.                                     •      Challenging management about the valuation
                                                                   reasonableness of key assumptions and inputs
        We focused on this area due to the size of                 used, based on our knowledge of the business
        the balances and the judgement exercised                   and industry; and
        by management in determining impairment
        assessment on goodwill and independent external     •      Checking, on sampling basis, the accuracy and
        valuation were obtained in order to support                relevance of the input data used.
        management’s estimates other intangible assets
        as at 31 December 2022.                             Based on the procedures performed, we found that
                                                            the management judgement and estimates used in
                                                            impairment assessment were supported by the
                                                            available evidence.




134   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                            Independent Auditors’ Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
 Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories

 Refer to Notes 2.3 and 24 to the consolidated financial statements

 As at 31 December 2022, the Group had                Our procedures in relation to the management’s
 inventories of approximately RMB41,543 million       assessment on provision for obsolete and slow-moving
 and recognised provision for obsolete and            inventories included:
 slow-moving inventories, net of approximately
 RMB1,145 million to consolidated statement of        •      Evaluating the estimates made by management
 profit or loss during the year ended 31 December
                                                             and used to determine the value of provision for
 2022.
                                                             obsolete and slow-moving inventories during the
                                                             year and compare to the provisions made in prior
 The provision against obsolete and slow-moving
 inventories is estimated based on the net                   year;
 realisable value of the inventories with reference
 to the latest selling prices and current market      •      Performing a recalculation, on a sample basis, of
 conditions.                                                 the inventory provision made on individual
                                                             inventories;
 Management judgement is involved in estimating
 the selling price for inventories, the costs of      •      Sample checking on the subsequent selling price
 completion and the costs necessary to make the              of finished goods; and
 sale.
                                                      •      Checking the aging profile of inventories, the
 We focused on this area due to the size of                  historical sales and usage records of the
 the balances and the judgement exercised by                 inventories.
 management in determining the value of provision
 for obsolete and slow-moving inventories.            Based on the procedures performed, we found that
                                                      management judgement and estimates used in the
                                                      provision assessment against obsolete and slow-
                                                      moving inventories were supported by the available
                                                      evidence.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   135
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
        Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter


        Provision for product warranties

        Refer to Notes 2.3 and 33 to the consolidated financial statements

        As at 31 December 2022, the Group had               Our procedures in relation to the management’s
        provision for product warranties of approximately   assessment on provision for product warranties
        RMB3,502 million. Product warranty provisions       included:
        were made with reference to the sales volume and
        the expected unit costs for warranty services.      •      Evaluating the estimates made by management
                                                                   and used to determine the provision for product
        The assessment of the provision amount involves
                                                                   warranties during the year and compare to the
        management assumptions, judgements and
                                                                   provisions made in prior year;
        estimates.

        We focused on this area due to the                  •      Performing a recalculation, on a sample basis, of
        management’s judgements were required in                   the provision made;
        determining the value of provision for product
        warranties.                                         •      Sample checking on the subsequent costs of
                                                                   warranty services; and

                                                            •      Comparing the provision made by the Group and
                                                                   the operation result of the Group.

                                                            Based on the procedures performed, we found that
                                                            management judgement and estimates used in the
                                                            provision assessment against product warranties were
                                                            supported by the available evidence.




136   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                            Independent Auditors’ Report




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’
report thereon (the “Other Information”).

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the Other Information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the Other
Information and, in doing so, consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this Other Information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report
that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   137
      Independent Auditors’ Report




      AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
      skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
            due to fraud or error, design, and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
            evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
            a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
            involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
            are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
            effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

      •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
            and related disclosures made by the directors.

      •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
            based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
            conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
            conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
            the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
            to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
            auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
            going concern.

      •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
            the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
            transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
            activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
            responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
            responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
      of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
      identify during our audit.

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
      may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
      threats or safeguards applied.




138   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                            Independent Auditors’ Report




AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Tien Sun Kit, Jack.




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Tien Sun Kit, Jack
Practising Certificate Number: P07364

Hong Kong, 30 March 2023




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   139
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
      LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                              2022           2021
                                                                    Notes   RMB’M         RMB’M
                                                                                        (Restated)


        REVENUE                                                      5       243,485      227,081
        Cost of sales                                                       (168,919)    (157,528)


        Gross profit                                                          74,566       69,553
        Other gains, net                                             5         2,912        2,059
        Selling and distribution expenses                                    (38,598)     (36,584)
        Administrative expenses                                              (21,677)     (20,265)
        Finance costs                                                7          (995)        (714)
        Share of profits and losses of associates                              1,582        1,888


        PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                            6       17,790        15,937
        Income tax expenses                                          10      (3,058)        (2,705)


        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                  14,732        13,232


        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
           subsequently periods:
           Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of
             associates                                                         100            (50)
           Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging
             instrument for cashflow hedges, net of tax                           10          101
           Exchange differences on translating foreign operations              3,159       (1,400)


                                                                               3,269       (1,349)


        Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in
           subsequent periods:
           Changes arising from remeasurement of defined benefit
             plans                                                                33           36
           Change in fair value of equity investments designated
             at fair value through other comprehensive income
             (“FVTOCI”), net of tax                                             (137)       1,165


                                                                                (104)       1,201


        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE
         YEAR, NET OF TAX                                                      3,165         (148)


        TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                              17,897        13,084




140   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                        2022                   2021
                                                    Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                          (Restated)


Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                14,711                 13,079
  Non-controlling interests                                                21                    153


                                                                       14,732                 13,232


Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                17,878                 12,947
  Non-controlling interests                                                19                    137


                                                                       17,897                 13,084


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
 ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
 — Basic (RMB per share)                              12                  1.58                   1.41
 — Diluted (RMB per share)                            12                  1.57                   1.40




                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   141
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      FINANCIAL POSITION
      As at 31 December 2022




                                                                    2022         2021
                                                          Notes   RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                            (Restated)

        NON-CURRENT ASSETS
        Property, plant and equipment                      14      31,857      26,982
        Investment properties                              15          26          25
        Right-of-use assets                               16(a)     5,166       3,786
        Goodwill                                           17      23,644      21,827
        Other intangible assets                            18       9,135       8,499
        Interests in associates                            19      24,528      23,201
        Equity investments designated at FVTOCI            20       5,852       4,852
        Financial assets measured at amortised cost        22       1,339         309
        Derivative financial instruments                   23          —           47
        Long-term prepayments                              26       1,672       1,860
        Deferred tax assets                                35       1,722       1,857
        Other non-current assets                                      519         580

        Total non-current assets                                  105,460      93,825

        CURRENT ASSETS
        Inventories                                        24      41,543      39,912
        Trade and bills receivables                        25      25,494      27,980
        Contract assets                                   31(a)       310         304
        Prepayments, deposits and other receivables        26       6,552       6,434
        Financial assets measured at fair value through
          profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                         21         520       2,786
        Financial assets measured at amortised cost        22       1,642         317
        Derivative financial instruments                   23         183          80
        Pledged deposits                                   27         665         755
        Other deposit with limited use                     27         105         145
        Cash and cash equivalents                          27      53,369      45,198

                                                                  130,383    123,911
        Assets and disposal group held for sale            28          —           5

        Total current assets                                      130,383    123,916

        CURRENT LIABILITIES
        Trade and bills payables                           29      66,975      67,386
        Other payables and accruals                        30      24,709      25,362
        Contract liabilities                              31(b)     9,330      10,027
        Interest-bearing borrowings                        32      12,485      17,968
        Lease liabilities                                 16(b)       903         688
        Tax payables                                                1,703       1,309
        Provisions                                         33       2,537       2,190
        Derivative financial instruments                   23         105          80
        Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL            40          —            6

        Total current liabilities                                 118,747    125,016




142   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                         As at 31 December 2022




                                                                                 2022                   2021
                                                             Notes             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)

 NET CURRENT ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)                                               11,636                  (1,100)

 TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                         117,096                 92,725

 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                  32                13,627                   3,075
 Lease liabilities                                           16(b)               2,824                   1,961
 Convertible bond                                             41                    —                      335
 Deferred income                                              34                   835                     723
 Deferred tax liabilities                                     35                 2,359                   2,122
 Provisions for pensions and similar obligations              46                 1,011                   1,173
 Provisions                                                   33                 1,611                   1,949
 Derivative financial instruments                             23                    17                      —
 Other non-current liabilities                                                      98                     112

 Total non-current liabilities                                                  22,382                 11,450

 Net assets                                                                     94,714                 81,275

 EQUITY
 Share capital                                                36                 9,447                  9,399
 Reserves                                                     38                83,976                 70,586

 Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   93,423                 79,985
 Non-controlling interests                                                       1,291                  1,290

 Total equity                                                                   94,714                 81,275


The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors On
30 March 2023 and signed on its behalf by:




                    Mr Li Huagang                                       Mr Gong Wei
                      Chairman                                        Executive Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   143
144

                                                                                                                                                                                            Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Exchange
                                                                                                                                                  Remeasurement                                         Equity                                                     differences                      Treasury
                                                                                                                                   Share-based        of defined    Cash flow                         method              Reserve      Convertible               on translation                       shares                                   Non-
                                                                                                              Issued    Capital      payments       benefit plans     hedges     FVTOCI           investments               funds           bond     Retained           reserve       Other          reserve        Total                controlling      Total
                                                                                                               equity   reserve         reserve          reserve      reserve    reserve               reserve       (Note 39(a)(i))      reserve      profits    (Note 38(iii))   reserves   (Note 38(a)(vi))   reserves      Total       interests     equity
                                                                                                      Notes   RMB’M     RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M                RMB’M                RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M            RMB’M       RMB’M             RMB’M       RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2022


                                                At 1 January 2021, as previously reported                      9,028    14,236              —                 37         (100)      (159)                (292)               3,044          2,365     38,470               (535)       773                (29)    57,810      66,838         1,295      68,133
                                                Effect of business combination under common
                                                   control                                                        —        116              —                 —            —          —                    —                     —             —           65                —          —                  —         181        181              15        196


                                                At 1 January 2021 (Restated)                                   9,028    14,352              —                 37         (100)      (159)                (292)               3,044          2,365     38,535               (535)       773                (29)    57,991      67,019         1,310      68,329
Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022



                                                Profit for the year (Restated)                                    —         —               —                 —            —          —                    —                     —             —      13,079                 —          —                  —      13,079      13,079            153     13,232
                                                Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                                                — Share of other comprehensive loss of associates                 —         —               —                 —            —          —                   (50)                   —             —           —                 —          —                  —          (50)       (50)            —         (50)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                — Effective portion of changes in fair value of
                                                       hedging instrument for cashflow hedges,
                                                       net of tax                                                 —         —               —                 —          103          —                    —                     —             —           —                 —          —                  —         103        103               (2)      101
                                                — Exchange differences on translating foreign
                                                    operations                                                    —         —               —                 —            —          —                    —                     —             —           —             (1,386)        —                  —       (1,386)    (1,386)           (14)    (1,400)
                                                — Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                                                    benefit plans                                                 —         —               —                 36           —          —                    —                     —             —           —                 —          —                  —           36         36             —          36
                                                — Change in fair value of equity investments
                                                     designated at FVTOCI                                         —         —               —                 —            —      1,165                    —                     —             —           —                 —          —                  —       1,165       1,165             —       1,165


                                                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                    —         —               —                 36         103      1,165                   (50)                   —             —      13,079             (1,386)        —                  —      12,947      12,947            137     13,084


                                                Dividend payable to owners of the Company
                                                   (Note 39(b))                                                   —         —               —                 —            —          —                    —                     —             —       (3,411)               —          —                  —       (3,411)    (3,411)            —      (3,411)
                                                Dividend payable to non-controlling interests
                                                   (Note 39(b))                                                   —         —               —                 —            —          —                    —                     —             —           —                 —          —                  —           —          —             (63)       (63)
                                                Transfer to reserves fund                                         —         —               —                 —            —          —                    —                   393             —         (393)               —          —                  —           —          —              —          —
                                                Recognition of equity settled share-based payment                 —         —              262                —            —          —                    —                    —              —           —                 —          —                  —         262        262              —         262
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that
                                                   do not result in a loss of control                             —       (100)             —                 —            —          —                    —                     —             —           —                 —          —                  —         (100)      (100)           (94)      (194)
                                                Business combination under common control                         —         (36)            —                 —            —          —                    —                     —             —           —                 —          —                  —           (36)       (36)           —          (36)
                                                Purchase of treasury shares                                       —          —              —                 —            —          —                    —                     —             —           —                 —          —              (3,221)     (3,221)    (3,221)            —      (3,221)
                                                Share repurchased and cancelled (Note 36)                        (32)     (794)             —                 —            —          —                    —                     —             —           —                 —          —                 826           32         —             —           —
                                                Issue of shares upon conversion of convertible bond
                                                   (Note 41)                                                    403      8,211              —                 —            —          —                    —                     —         (2,246)         —                 —          —                  —       5,965       6,368             —       6,368
                                                Other changes                                                    —           (2)            —                 —            —          —                     1                    —             —          158                —          —                  —         157         157             —         157


                                                At 31 December 2021 (Restated)                                 9,399    21,631             262                73            3     1,006                  (341)               3,437            119     47,968             (1,921)       773             (2,424)    70,586      79,985         1,290      81,275
                                                                                                                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                                     Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Exchange
                                                                                                                                                   Remeasurement                                   Equity                                                  differences                     Treasury
                                                                                                                                    Share-based        of defined    Cash flow                   method          Reserve       Convertible              on translation                       shares                                   Non-
                                                                                                              Issued     Capital      payments       benefit plans     hedges    FVTOCI      investments           funds            bond      Retained         reserve         Other        reserve         Total               controlling      Total
                                                                                                               equity    reserve         reserve          reserve      reserve   reserve          reserve   (Note 39(a)(i))       reserve       profits   (Note 38(iii))    reserves (Note 38(a)(vi))    reserves     Total       interests     equity
                                                                                                      Notes   RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M     RMB’M            RMB’M           RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M


                                                At 1 January 2022 (Restated)                                    9,399     21,631            262                73            3     1,006            (341)            3,437            119       47,968            (1,921)       773            (2,424)     70,586    79,985          1,290     81,275


                                                Profit for the year                                                —          —               —                 —           —         —                —                —               —       14,711                —           —                —       14,711    14,711             21     14,732
                                                Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                                                — Share of other comprehensive income of
                                                     associates                                                    —          —               —                 —           —         —              100                —               —            —                —           —                —         100        100              —        100
                                                — Effective portion of changes in fair value of
                                                    hedging instrument for cashflow hedges,
                                                    net of tax                                                     —          —               —                 —            2        —                —                —               —            —                —           —                —            2          2              8        10
                                                — Exchange differences on translating foreign
                                                    operations                                                     —          —               —                 —           —         —                —                —               —            —            3,169           —                —        3,169     3,169             (10)     3,159
                                                — Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                                                    benefit plans                                                  —          —               —                 —           —       (137)              —                —               —            —                —           —                —         (137)     (137)             —        (137)
                                                — Change in fair value of equity investments
                                                    designated at FVTOCI                                           —          —               —                33           —         —                —                —               —            —                —           —                —          33         33              —         33


                                                Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                     —          —               —                33            2      (137)            100                —               —       14,711            3,169           —                —       17,878    17,878             19     17,897


                                                Dividend payable to owners of the Company
                                                   (Note 39(b))                                                    —          —               —                 —           —         —                —                —               —        (4,297)              —           —                —       (4,297)    (4,297)            —      (4,297)
                                                Dividend payable to non-controlling interests
                                                   (Note 39(b))                                                    —          —               —                 —           —         —                —                —               —            —                —           —                —           —          —             (19)       (19)
                                                Transfer to reserves fund                                          —          —               —                 —           —         —                —               576              —         (576)               —           —                —           —          —              —          —
                                                Recognition of equity settled share-based payment                  —          —             912                 —           —         —                —                —               —           —                 —           —                —         912        912              —        912
                                                Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries that
                                                   do not result in a loss of control                              —         (49)             —                 —           —         —                —                —               —            —                —         (166)              —         (215)      (215)            —        (215)
                                                Business combination under common control                          —        (305)             —                 —           —         —                —                —               —            —                —           —                —         (305)      (305)            —        (305)
                                                Purchase of treasury shares                                        —          —               —                 —           —         —                —                —               —            —                —           —            (2,012)     (2,012)    (2,012)            —      (2,012)
                                                Share repurchased and cancelled (Note 36)                         (15)      (315)             —                 —           —         —                —                —               —            —                —           —               330          15         —              —          —
                                                Issue of share (Note 36)                                           41        895              —                 —           —         —                —                —               —            —                —           —                —          895       936               1       937
                                                Issue of shares upon conversion of convertible bond
                                                   (Note 41)                                                      22        458               —                 —           —         —                —                —             (119)          —                —           —                —         339        361              —        361
                                                Other changes                                                     —         (24)              —                 —           —          1               —                —               —          173                —         (218)            248         180        180              —        180


                                                At 31 December 2022                                             9,447     22,291           1,174              106            5      870             (241)            4,013              —       57,979            1,248         389            (3,858)     83,976    93,423          1,291     94,714



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          As at 31 December 2022
Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity




145
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CASH FLOWS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                2022          2021
                                                                      Notes   RMB’M        RMB’M
                                                                                         (Restated)


        Cash flows from operating activities
        Profit before tax                                                     17,790        15,937
        Adjustments for:
          Finance costs                                                7          995          714
          Interest income                                              5         (949)        (626)
          Share of profits and losses of associates                            (1,582)      (1,888)
          Dividends income from equity investment designated at
             FVTOCI                                                    5          (32)          (59)
          Gain on disposal of financial assets/liabilities measured
             at FVTPL, net                                             5         (99)         (393)
          Gain on disposal of associates and subsidiaries, net         5         (27)             (5)
          Gain on disposal of non-current assets, net                  5        (182)           (90)
          Fair value loss/(gain) on financial assets/liabilities at
             FVTPL, net                                                5         122          (119)
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                6       4,026         3,434
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets and investment
             properties                                                6         928           761
          Amortisation of other intangible assets and other
             non-current assets                                        6       1,092           867
          Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories, net      6       1,145         1,058
          Impairment of trade and bills receivables, prepayments,
             deposits and other receivables and long-term
             prepayments, net                                          6         712           846
          Impairment of property, plant and equipment, interests
             in associates, other intangible assets and contract
             assets                                                    6          74            34
          Equity-settled share-based expense                           6         912           262


        Operating cash inflow before movements in working
          capital                                                             24,925        20,733
        Increase in inventories                                               (2,774)      (11,480)
        Decrease in trade and bills receivables, prepayments,
          deposits and other receivables and contract assets                   1,781         5,375
        (Decrease)/increase in trade and bills payables, other
          payable and accruals and contract liabilities                        (2,072)      10,516
        Change in other working capital                                            96          100


        Cash generated from operations                                        21,956        25,244
        Interest received                                                        555            567
        Income tax paid                                                       (2,358)        (2,574)


        Net cash generated from operating activities                          20,153        23,237




146   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                          2022                   2021
                                                                        RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                            (Restated)


Cash flows from investing activities
Payment for purchases of non-current assets                               (8,204)                (7,372)
Proceeds from disposal of non-current assets                                 229                    290
Payment and proceeds for acquisition and disposal of
   subsidiaries, net                                                        (240)                  (483)
Payment and proceeds for acquisition and disposal of
   associate, net                                                           (253)                  (140)
Payment and proceeds for purchases and disposals of
   equity investments designated at FVTOCI, net                           (1,028)                  (736)
Payment and proceeds for purchases and disposals of
   financial assets measured at amortised cost and
   financial assets at FVTPL, net                                           (110)                  (237)
Dividends received from associates                                           523                    553
Interest received from equity investment designated at
   FVTOCI financial assets measured at amortised cost
   and financial assets at FVTPL                                             163                      62


Net cash used in investing activities                                     (8,920)                (8,063)


Cash flows from financing activities
Proceed from issue of share                                                 940                        —
Repurchases of shares                                                    (2,012)                  (3,221)
Transaction costs attributable to issue of new shares                        (4)                    (178)
Proceed from borrowings                                                  18,360                  12,053
Repayment of borrowings                                                 (14,683)                (14,050)
Repayment of convertible bond                                                (5)                  (5,500)
Dividends paid to shareholders                                           (4,297)                  (3,411)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                 (35)                      (70)
Lease payments                                                             (959)                    (769)
Interest paid for bond                                                       —                        (43)
Interest paid for borrowings                                               (803)                    (512)
Other financing cash flows                                                 (324)                       41


Net cash used in financing activities                                     (3,822)               (15,660)




                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   147
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                    2022        2021
                                                                  RMB’M      RMB’M
                                                                           (Restated)


        Net increase/(decrease) in cash and
         cash equivalents                                          7,411        (486)

        Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year        45,198      45,789

        Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                 760        (105)


        Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year              53,369      45,198


        ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND
          CASH EQUIVALENTS
        Non-pledged cash and bank balances                        26,224      24,236
        Time deposits                                             27,145      20,962


        Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the Statement of
          financial position                                      53,369      45,198




148   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP
     The predecessor of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) was
     Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, which was established in 1984. In 1989, based on the reorganization of
     the original Qingdao Refrigerator Factory, a limited company was set up by directional fund raising of
     RMB150 million. In 1993, after converting to a public subscription company and issuing additional 50
     million shares to the public, the A shares of the Company were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange in
     November 1993. The D shares and H shares of the Company were listed on The Frankfurt Stock
     Exchange in December 2018 and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in December 2021
     respectively.

     The address of the registered office is located at the Haier Science and Technology Innovation
     Ecological Park, Laoshan District, Qingdao, Shandong Province, PRC.

     In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the ultimate controlling parent company of the
     Company is Haier Group Corporation (“Haier Group”).

     The Company is mainly engaged in research, development, production and sales of home appliances
     covering refrigerator/freezers, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances, water appliances
     and other smart home business, as well as offering complete sets of smart home solutions.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
     currency of the Company and all values are rounded to the nearest million (“RMB’M”) (“’M”), except
     when otherwise indicated.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   149
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                 Issued share
                                                                     capital or
                                     Place of incorporation/        registered       Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                 Type of
            Name                     place of operation             capital ’M     to the Company as at 31 December       activities                legal status        Note
                                                                                       2022                  2021
                                                                                  Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Wonder Global (BVI)      British virgin Islands        RMB18,596         —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability      (i)
             Investment Limited         (“BVI”)/BVI                                                                         household appliances     company
                                                                                                                            and logistics service


            Haier U.S. Appliance     USA/USA                     United States       —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability      (i)
              Solutions, Inc.                                   Dollars (“USD”)                                             household appliances     company
                                                                          2,307                                             and distribution
                                                                                                                            service

            Haier Singapore          Singapore/Singapore              USD896         —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability      (ii)
              Investment Holding                                                                                            household appliances     company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     and distribution
                                                                                                                            service

            Haier New Zealand        New Zealand/                New Zealand         —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability      (ii)
              Limited Investment       New Zealand              Dollars (“NZD”)                                             household appliances     company
              Holding Company                                               477                                             and distribution
                                                                                                                            service

            Candy S.p.A              Italy/Italy               Euro (“EUR”) 42       —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability     (iv)
                                                                                                                            household appliances     company
                                                                                                                            and distribution
                                                                                                                            service

            Fisher & Paykel          New Zealand/                      NZD246        —        100         —        100    Research, development, Limited liability       (ii)
               Appliances Limited      New Zealand                                                                          manufacture, sale and   company
                                                                                                                            distribution of home
                                                                                                                            appliances business

            Haier Electronic Group   Bermuda/Mainland China       Hong Kong         100         —        100         —    Investment holding        Limited liability    (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                                         Dollar (“HKD”)                                                                         company
                                                                         3,107




150   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                             Issued share
                                                                 capital or
                                   Place of incorporation/      registered       Percentage of equity attributable     Principal                  Type of
     Name                          place of operation           capital ’M     to the Company as at 31 December        activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                                   2022                  2021
                                                                              Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Air             Mainland China/                RMB918        100         —        100         —     Manufacture and            Limited liability    (iii)
       Conditioner Gen.Corp.,        Mainland China                                                                      sale of household           company
       Ltd.                                                                                                              air-conditioners

     Guizhou Haier Electronics     Mainland China/                RMB141         59         —         59         —     Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                     Mainland China                                                                      refrigerator             company

     Hefei Haier Air-              Mainland China/                 RMB12        100         —      99.22         —     Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iii)
       conditioning Co.,             Mainland China                                                                      air-conditioners         company
       Limited.

     Wuhan Haier. Electronics      Mainland China/                 RMB62         60         —         60         —     Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iii)
      Co., Ltd.                      Mainland China                                                                      air-conditioners         company

     Qingdao Haier                 Mainland China/                RMB958        100         —        100         —     Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iii)
       Air-Conditioner               Mainland China                                                                      air-conditioners         company
       Electronics Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Haier Information     Mainland China/                 RMB78        100         —        100         —     Manufacture of plastic     Limited liability    (iii)
       Plastic company               Mainland China                                                                      product
       Development Co., Ltd.

     Dalian Haier Precision        Mainland China/                 RMB48         90         —         90         —     Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                     Mainland China                                                                      precise plastics         company

     Hefei Haier Plastic           Mainland China/                 RMB41      95.17       4.83     77.36       4.83    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                     Mainland China                                                                      plastic parts            company

     Qingdao Meier Plastic         Mainland China/                 RMB12         40        60         40        60     Manufacture of plastic Limited liability        (iii)
       Powder Co., Ltd.              Mainland China                                                                      powder, plastic sheet   company
                                                                                                                         and high-performance
                                                                                                                         coatings

     Chongqing Haier               Mainland China/                 RMB65         90        10         90        10     Plastic products, sheet    Limited liability    (iii)
       Precision Plastic             Mainland China                                                                       metal work,                company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          electronics and
                                                                                                                          hardware

     Qingdao Haier                 Mainland China/                RMB207        100         —        100         —     Manufacture and           Limited liability     (iii)
       Refrigerator Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                      production of fluorine-    company
                                                                                                                         free refrigerators

     Qingdao Haier                 Mainland China/                RMB260        100         —        100         —     Manufacture of             Limited liability    (iii)
       Refrigerator                  Mainland China                                                                      refrigerators               company
       (International) Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Household             Mainland China/                 RMB67        100         —        100         —     Research and           Limited liability        (iii)
       Appliance Technology          Mainland China                                                                      development of          company
       and Equipment                                                                                                     household appliances
       Research Institute                                                                                                mold and
                                                                                                                         technological
                                                                                                                         equipment




                                                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022                     151
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                  Issued share
                                                                      capital or
                                        Place of incorporation/      registered       Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                   Type of
            Name                        place of operation           capital ’M     to the Company as at 31 December       activities                  legal status        Note
                                                                                        2022                  2021
                                                                                   Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Qingdao Haier Whole Set     Mainland China/                RMB120      98.33         —      98.33         —    Research, development Limited liability          (iii)
              Home Appliance              Mainland China                                                                     and sale of             company
              Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                              health-related of small
                                                                                                                             household appliance

            Qingdao Haier Special       Mainland China/                RMB166        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability        (iii)
              Refrigerator Co., Ltd.      Mainland China                                                                     fluorine-free            company
                                                                                                                             refrigerators

            Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/                RMB180        100         —        100         —    Manufacture of dish   Limited liability          (iii)
              Dishwasher Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                     washing machine and    company
                                                                                                                             gas stove

            Qingdao Haier Special       Mainland China/                RMB388        100         —        100         —    Research, manufacture Limited liability          (iii)
              Freezer Co., Ltd.           Mainland China                                                                     and sale of freezer     company
                                                                                                                             and other refrigeration
                                                                                                                             products

            Dalian Haier Air-           Mainland China/                RMB110         90         —         90         —    Air conditioner             Limited liability    (iii)
              conditioning Co., Ltd.      Mainland China                                                                      processing and              company
                                                                                                                              manufacturing

            Dalian Haier Refrigerator   Mainland China/                RMB110        100         —        100         —    Refrigerator processing     Limited liability    (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                     and manufacturing            company

            Qingdao Haier Electronic    Mainland China/                 RMB60        100         —        100         —    Development,               Limited liability     (iii)
              Plastic Co., Ltd            Mainland China                                                                     assembling and sale         company
                                                                                                                             of plastics, electronics
                                                                                                                             and product

            Wuhan Haier Freezer         Mainland China/                 RMB57         95         5         95         5    Research, manufacture Limited liability          (iii)
             Co., Ltd.                    Mainland China                                                                     and sale of freezer     company
                                                                                                                             and other refrigeration
                                                                                                                             products

            Qingdao Haidarui            Mainland China/                RMB110         98         2         98         2    Development, purchase Limited liability          (iii)
              Procurement Service         Mainland China                                                                     and sale of electrical company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      products and
                                                                                                                             components

            Qingdao Haier Intelligent   Mainland China/                RMB357      91.46       1.01     98.91       1.09   Development and         Limited liability        (iii)
              Home Appliance              Mainland China                                                                     application of           company
              Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                           household appliances,
                                                                                                                             communication,
                                                                                                                             network engineering
                                                                                                                             technology

            Chongqing Haier             Mainland China/                RMB130      76.92      23.08     76.92      23.08   Manufacture and sale of Limited liability        (iii)
              Air-conditioning            Mainland China                                                                     air conditioners         company
              Co., Ltd.




152   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                           Issued share
                                                               capital or
                                 Place of incorporation/      registered       Percentage of equity attributable     Principal                  Type of
     Name                        place of operation           capital ’M     to the Company as at 31 December        activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                                 2022                  2021
                                                                            Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Precision     Mainland China/                 RMB10         —         70         —         70     Development and           Limited liability     (iii)
       Products Co., Ltd.          Mainland China                                                                      manufacture of             company
                                                                                                                       precise plastic, metal
                                                                                                                       plate, mould and
                                                                                                                       electronic products for
                                                                                                                       household appliances

     Qingdao Haier Air           Mainland China/                 RMB20         —        100         —        100     Manufacture of         Limited liability        (iii)
       conditioning Equipment      Mainland China                                                                      household appliances    company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       and electronics

     Dalian Free Trade Zone      Mainland China/                  RMB1         —        100         —        100     Domestic trading           Limited liability    (iii)
       Haier Air-conditioning      Mainland China                                                                                                  company
       Trading Co., Ltd.

     Dalian Free Trade Zone      Mainland China/                  RMB1         —        100         —        100     Domestic trading           Limited liability    (iii)
       Haier Refrigerator          Mainland China                                                                                                  company
       Trading Co., Ltd.

     Chongqing Haier             Mainland China/                 RMB10         95         5         95         5     Sales of household         Limited liability    (iii)
       Electronics Sales           Mainland China                                                                       appliances                 company
       Co., Ltd.

     Chongqing Haier             Mainland China/                RMB108      84.95      15.05     84.95      15.05    Processing and             Limited liability    (iii)
       Refrigeration Appliance     Mainland China                                                                       manufacturing of           company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                        refrigerator

     Hefei Haier Refrigerator    Mainland China/                 RMB49        100         —        100         —     Processing and             Limited liability    (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                       manufacturing of           company
                                                                                                                        refrigerator

     Qingdao Haier Intelligent   Mainland China/                RMB100         —        100         —        100     Air-conditioning           Limited liability    (iii)
       Building Technology         Mainland China                                                                       engineering projects       company
       Co., Ltd.

     Chongqing Gooddaymart       Mainland China/                  RMB5         —         51         —         51     Sale of household          Limited liability    (iii)
       Electric Appliance Sale     Mainland China                                                                       appliances and             company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                        electronics

     Qingdao Haier (Jiaozhou)    Mainland China/                RMB119         —        100         —        100     Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iii)
       Products Co., Ltd.          Mainland China                                                                      air-conditioners         company

     Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/                 RMB80         —        100         —        100     Manufacture and sale of Limited Liability       (iii)
       Component Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                      plastic and precise      company
                                                                                                                       sheet metal products

     Haier Shareholdings         Hong Kong/                  HKD28,463        100         —        100         —     Investment holding         Limited liability    (iii)
       (Hong Kong) Limited         Hong Kong                                                                                                       company




                                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022                     153
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                  Issued share
                                                                      capital or
                                        Place of incorporation/      registered       Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                  Type of
            Name                        place of operation           capital ’M     to the Company as at 31 December       activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                                        2022                  2021
                                                                                   Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Shenyang Haier              Mainland China/                RMB100        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sales of Limited liability      (iii)
              Refrigerator Co., Ltd.      Mainland China                                                                     refrigerator              company

            Foshan Haier Freezer        Mainland China/                RMB100        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sales of Limited liability      (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                     freezer                   company

            Zhengzhou Haier             Mainland China/                RMB100        100         —        100         —    Manufacture and sales of Limited liability      (iii)
              Air-conditioning Co.,       Mainland China                                                                     air conditioner           company
              Ltd.

            Qingdao Haidayuan           Mainland China/                 RMB20        100         —        100         —    Development, purchase Limited liability         (iii)
              Procurement Service         Mainland China                                                                     and sales of electrical company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      product and
                                                                                                                             components

            Qingdao Haier Intelligent   Mainland China/                RMB130        100         —        100         —    Development and         Limited liability       (iii)
              Technology                  Mainland China                                                                     research of household    company
              Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                          appliances

            Qingdao Hairi High-Tech     Mainland China/                  RMB7         —        100         —        100    Design, manufacture and Limited liability       (iii)
              Model Co., Ltd.             Mainland China                                                                     sales of product         company
                                                                                                                             model and mould

            Qingdao Hai Gao Design      Mainland China/                  RMB1         —         75         —         75    Industrial design and   Limited liability       (iii)
              and Manufacture             Mainland China                                                                      prototype production    company
              Co., Ltd.

            Beijing Haier Guangke       Mainland China/                  RMB6         —         55         —         55    Development, promotion Limited liability        (iii)
              Digital Technology          Mainland China                                                                     and transfer of         company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      technology

            Shanghai Haier Medical      Mainland China/                 RMB38         —       66.87        —       80.93   Wholesale and retail of    Limited liability    (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                     medical facility            company

            Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/                 RMB80        100         —        100         —    Development and sales      Limited liability    (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                     of software and             company
                                                                                                                             information product

            Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/                RMB410        100         —        100         —    Entrepreneurship           Limited liability    (iii)
              Technology Investment       Mainland China                                                                     investment and              company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      consulting

            Qingdao Casarte Smart       Mainland China/                 RMB50         —        100         —        100    Development, production Limited liability       (iii)
              Living Appliances           Mainland China                                                                     and sales of             company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      appliances

            Qingdao Haichuangyuan       Mainland China/                 RMB10         —        100         —        100    Sales of household        Limited liability     (iii)
              Appliances Sales            Mainland China                                                                      appliances and digital    company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       products

            Haier Overseas Electric     Mainland China/                RMB500        100         —        100         —    Sales of household         Limited liability    (iii)
              Appliance Co., Ltd.         Mainland China                                                                      appliances,                company
                                                                                                                              international freight
                                                                                                                              forwarding

            Haier Group (Dalian)        Mainland China/                  RMB5        100         —        100         —    Sales of household         Limited liability    (iii)
              Electrical Appliances       Mainland China                                                                      appliances,                company
              Industry Co., Ltd.                                                                                              international freight
                                                                                                                              forwarding




154   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                          Issued share
                                                              capital or
                                Place of incorporation/      registered       Percentage of equity attributable     Principal                   Type of
     Name                       place of operation           capital ’M     to the Company as at 31 December        activities                  legal status        Note
                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                           Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Qingdao Haier Central      Mainland China/                RMB110         —        100         —        100     Production and sale of air Limited liability     (iii)
       Air-conditioning           Mainland China                                                                       conditioners and           company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       refrigerator

     Chongqing Haier Home       Mainland China/                  RMB5         —        100         —        100     Sale of household           Limited liability    (iii)
       Appliance Sale Hefei       Mainland China                                                                       appliances                  company
       Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Weixi Smart        Mainland China/                  RMB4         —       71.43        —       71.43    Intelligent sanitary ware   Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                                                   company

     Haier U+smart              Mainland China/                RMB143        100         —        100         —     Software development        Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology (Beijiing)      Mainland China                                                                                                   company
       Co., Ltd.

     Haier (Shanghai)           Mainland China/                 RMB13        100         —        100         —     Sales, research and     Limited liability        (iii)
       Electronic Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                       development of          company
                                                                                                                       household appliances

     Shanghai Haier Zhongzhi    Mainland China/                  RMB2        100         —        100         —     Business management         Limited liability    (iii)
       Fang Chunag Ke             Mainland China                                                                      consulting chuangke          company
       Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                           management

     Qingdao Haier Smart        Mainland China/                RMB180         —        100         —        100     Sale of smart kitchen       Limited liability    (iii)
       Kitchen Appliances         Mainland China                                                                       appliances                  company
       Co., Ltd.

     GE Appliance (Shanghai)    Mainland China/                 RMB10         —        100         —        100     Sale of household           Limited liability    (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                       appliances                  company

     Qingdao Haier Special      Mainland China/                RMB100         —        100         —        100     Production and sale of Limited liability         (iii)
       Cooling Appliance Co.,     Mainland China                                                                       household appliances   company
       Ltd.

     Beijing Zero Micro         Mainland China/                 RMB27         —         55         —         55     Promotion of                Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                       technological               company
                                                                                                                       development

     Laiyang Haier Smart        Mainland China/                RMB100         —        100         —        100     Production and sale of Limited liability         (iii)
       Kitchen Appliance Co.,     Mainland China                                                                       household appliances   company
       Ltd.

     Hefei Haier Air            Mainland China/                RMB100         —        100         —        100     Production and sale of Limited liability         (iii)
       Conditioning               Mainland China                                                                       household appliances   company
       Electronics Co., Ltd.

     Haier (Shanghai) Home      Mainland China/                  RMB5         —        100         —        100     Research and           Limited liability         (iii)
       Appliance Research         Mainland China                                                                      development of          company
       and Development                                                                                                household appliances
       Center Co., Ltd.

     Haier (Shenzhen) R&D       Mainland China/                 RMB15         —        100         —        100     Development, research Limited liability          (iii)
       Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                      and technical services company
                                                                                                                      of household and
                                                                                                                      commercial
                                                                                                                      electronics

     Guangzhou Haier Air        Mainland China/                RMB200         —        100         —        100     Manufacturing of            Limited liability    (iii)
       Conditioner Co., Ltd.      Mainland China                                                                      refrigeration and air        company
                                                                                                                      conditioning
                                                                                                                      equipment




                                                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022                      155
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                  Issued share
                                                                      capital or
                                        Place of incorporation/      registered       Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                 Type of
            Name                        place of operation           capital ’M     to the Company as at 31 December       activities                legal status        Note
                                                                                        2022                  2021
                                                                                   Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Qingdao Yunshang Yuyi       Mainland China/                 RMB20         —         60         —         70    Research and              Limited liability    (iii)
              IOT Technology Co.,         Mainland China                                                                     development of IoT         company
              Ltd.                                                                                                           technology

            Qingdao Haizhi Robotics     Mainland China/                  RMB5         —        100         —        100    Asset management and Limited liability         (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                                     equity investment     company

            Qingdao Jija Cloud          Mainland China/                  RMB1         —         80         —         80    Research, development     Limited liability    (iii)
              Intelligent Technology      Mainland China                                                                     and sale of lighting       company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      appliances

            Qingdao Haimeihui           Mainland China/                  RMB5         —        100         —        100    Leasing and business      Limited liability    (iii)
              Management                  Mainland China                                                                     services                   company
              Consulting Co., Ltd.

            Wuxi Yunshang Internet of   Mainland China/                  RMB3         —        100         —        100    Research and              Limited liability    (iii)
             Clothing Technology          Mainland China                                                                     development of IoT         company
             Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       technology

            Qingdao Haidacheng          Mainland China/                RMB100        100         —        100         —    Development, purchase Limited Liability        (iii)
              Procurement Service         Mainland China                                                                     and sale of electrical company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      products and
                                                                                                                             components

            Guangdong Heilong           Mainland China/                 RMB33         —       76.72        —       76.72   Scientific research and   Limited Liability    (iii)
              Intelligent Technology      Mainland China                                                                      technical service         company
              Co. Ltd.                                                                                                        industry

            Beijing Haixianghui         Mainland China/                  RMB8         —        100         —        100    Scientific research and   Limited Liability    (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                      technical service         company
                                                                                                                              industry

            Qingdao Hairuijiejing       Mainland China/                  RMB6         —         51         —         51    Research, development, Limited liability       (iii)
              Electronics Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                     transfer, consulting    company
                                                                                                                             and service of
                                                                                                                             electronic equipment

            Haier Smart Home            Mainland China/                RMB100        100         —        100         —    Technology development Limited Liability       (iii)
              Experience Cloud            Mainland China                                                                     of smart home           company
              Ecological Technology                                                                                          products, whole
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      furniture
                                                                                                                             customization

            Haier Smart Home            Mainland China/                RMB100         —        100         —        100    Technical service,       Limited Liability     (iii)
              (Qingdao) Network           Mainland China                                                                     development,              company
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      consultation, transfer

            Haier Smart Home            Mainland China/                RMB100         —        100         —        100    Residential decoration, Limited Liability      (iii)
              (Qingdao) Network           Mainland China                                                                     interior installation,   company
              Operation Co., Ltd.                                                                                            renovation and repair
                                                                                                                             of special equipment

            Qingdao Internet of Wine    Mainland China/                 RMB70         —        100         —        100    Urban distribution and Limited Liability       (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                     transportation          company
                                                                                                                             services, import and
                                                                                                                             export of goods,
                                                                                                                             technology import and
                                                                                                                             export and food
                                                                                                                             business




156   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                         Issued share
                                                             capital or
                               Place of incorporation/      registered       Percentage of equity attributable     Principal                  Type of
     Name                      place of operation           capital ’M     to the Company as at 31 December        activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                               2022                  2021
                                                                          Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Qingdao Linghai Air       Mainland China/                 RMB10         —        100         —        100     Manufacture and            Limited Liability    (iii)
       Conditioning              Mainland China                                                                      production of air           company
       Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                                                           conditioners and
                                                                                                                     refrigeration
                                                                                                                     equipment

     Shenzhen Yunshnag         Mainland China/                  RMB1         —        100         —        100     Import and export        Limited liability      (iii)
       Internet of Clothes       Mainland China                                                                      business, Internet,       company
       Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                          IoT, big data, AI, AR
                                                                                                                     and technical services
                                                                                                                     operation

     Qingdao Haixiangxue       Mainland China/                  RMB5        100         —        100         —     Professional intermediary Limited liability     (iii)
       Human Resources Co.,      Mainland China                                                                       activities                company
       Ltd.

     Jiangxi Haier Medical     Mainland China/                  RMB5         —        100         —        100     Wholesale and retail of    Limited liability    (iii)
        Technology Co., Ltd.     Mainland China                                                                      medical equipment           company

     Qingdao Haizhi Yunlan     Mainland China/                 RMB10         —        100         —        100     Development of             Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.      Mainland China                                                                      technology service          company

     Qingdao Haishengze        Mainland China/                  RMB1         —        100         —        100     Technical service of air   Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.      Mainland China                                                                      conditioning                company

     Qingdao Hailvyuan         Mainland China/                 RMB55         —        100         —        100     Waste management of Limited liability           (iii)
       Recycling Technology      Mainland China                                                                      electrical and       company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     electronic equipment

     Qingdao Haier HVAC        Mainland China/                RMB400         75        25         75        25     Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iii)
       Equipment Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                      air-conditioners         company

     Qingdao Haier Home AI     Mainland China/                RMB100         —        100         —        100     Integrated service of AI   Limited liability    (iii)
       Industry Innovation       Mainland China                                                                       industry application       company
       Center Co., Ltd.                                                                                               system

     Zhejiang Weixi IoT        Mainland China/                 RMB10         —        100         —        100     IoT application service    Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.      Mainland China                                                                                                  company

     Qingdao Haier Quality     Mainland China/                  RMB1        100         —        100         —     Inspection and testing of Limited liability     (iii)
       Inspection Co., Ltd.      Mainland China                                                                       household appliances      company

     Qingdao Haiyongcheng      Mainland China/                  RMB1         —        100         —        100     Product certification      Limited liability    (iii)
       Certification Service     Mainland China                                                                       service                    company
       Co., Ltd.

     Qingdao Zhonghai Borui    Mainland China/                  RMB5         —        100         —        100     Testing and technology Limited liability        (iii)
       Testing Technology        Mainland China                                                                      consulting of           company
       Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                             household appliances

     Qingdao Haier Special     Mainland China/                 RMB86         —        100         —        100     Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iii)
       Plastic Development       Mainland China                                                                      refrigerator doors       company
       Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022                     157
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      1.    GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                                 Issued share
                                                                     capital or
                                       Place of incorporation/      registered       Percentage of equity attributable    Principal                  Type of
            Name                       place of operation           capital ’M     to the Company as at 31 December       activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                                       2022                  2021
                                                                                  Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


            Haier Robot Technology     Mainland China/              RMB1,850         —        100         —        100    Manufacture and sale of Limited liability       (iii)
              (Qingdao) Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                     service robots           company

            Qingdao Ririshun Service   Mainland China/                 RMB31         —        100         —        100    After-sale services of  Limited liability       (iii)
              Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China                                                                      household appliances    company

            Qingdao Haizhiling Air     Mainland China/                  RMB8         —        100         —        100    Software development       Limited liability    (iii)
              Conditioning               Mainland China                                                                     and sale of daily           company
              Engineering Co., Ltd.                                                                                         necessities

            Haier Smart Home           Mainland China/                 RMB50         —        100         —        100    Promotion of energy-       Limited liability    (iii)
              (Xiongan, Hebei)           Mainland China                                                                      saving technology          company
              Technology Co., Ltd.

            Qingdao Ruibo Ecological   Mainland China/                 RMB55        100         —        100         —    Environmental and AI    Limited liability       (iii)
              Environmental              Mainland China                                                                     technology consulting    company
              Technology Co., Ltd.

            Qingdao Sanyiniao          Mainland China/                RMB100         —        100         —        100    Technology service and Limited liability        (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                     advertisement design    company

            Qingdao Jingzhi Recycle    Mainland China/                 RMB30         —        100         —        100    Operation of dangerous Limited liability        (iii)
              Environmental              Mainland China                                                                     waste                   company
              Technology Co., Ltd.

            Qingdao Yunshang           Mainland China/                  RMB4         —         51         —         51    Professional cleaning and Limited liability     (iii)
              Jieshen Yilian             Mainland China                                                                      sale of daily             company
              Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                           necessities

            Shnaghai Yunshnag Yuyi     Mainland China/                  RMB3         —        100         —        100    Professional cleaning and Limited liability     (iii)
              IoT Technology Co.,        Mainland China                                                                      sale of daily             company
              Ltd.                                                                                                           necessities

            Shijiazhuang Yunshang      Mainland China/                  RMB1         —         51         —         51    Professional cleaning and Limited liability     (iii)
              Yilian Technology Co.,     Mainland China                                                                      sale of daily             company
              Ltd.                                                                                                           necessities

            Nanjing Yunshang Yilian    Mainland China/                  RMB5         —         80         —         80    Professional cleaning and Limited liability     (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                      sale of daily             company
                                                                                                                             necessities

            Shanxi Yunshang Yilian     Mainland China/                  RMB2         —         51         —         51    Professional cleaning and Limited liability     (iii)
              Technology Co., Ltd.       Mainland China                                                                      sale of daily             company
                                                                                                                             necessities

            Tianjin Yunshang Yilian    Mainland China/                  RMB5         —         51         —         51    Professional cleaning and Limited liability     (iii)
               Technology Co., Ltd.      Mainland China                                                                      sale of daily             company
                                                                                                                             necessities

            Chongqing Yunshang         Mainland China/                  RMB2         —         51         —         51    Professional cleaning and Limited liability     (iii)
              Haihong Yilian             Mainland China                                                                      sale of daily             company
              Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                           necessities

            Chengdu Yunshang Meier     Mainland China/                 RMB12         —         51         —         51    Professional cleaning and Limited liability     (iii)
              Yilian Technology Co.,     Mainland China                                                                      sale of daily             company
              Ltd.                                                                                                           necessities




158   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP (continued)
                                                           Issued share
                                                               capital or
                                 Place of incorporation/      registered       Percentage of equity attributable     Principal                  Type of
     Name                        place of operation           capital ’M     to the Company as at 31 December        activities                 legal status        Note
                                                                                 2022                  2021
                                                                            Direct Indirect       Direct Indirect


     Beijing Yunshang Yilian     Mainland China/                  RMB1         —         51         —         51     Professional cleaning and Limited liability     (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                       sale of daily             company
                                                                                                                        necessities

     Chengdu Yunshang Yilian     Mainland China/                 RMB10         —        100         —        100     Professional cleaning and Limited liability     (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                       sale of daily             company
                                                                                                                        necessities

     Qingdao Haier Water         Mainland China/              RMB1,000         —        100         —        100     Technology service,        Limited liability    (iii)
       Ecology Technology          Mainland China                                                                      development and             company
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       consultation

     Qingdao Haixiangmian        Mainland China/                 RMB30         —        100         —        100     Sale of food and daily     Limited liability    (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                       necessities                company

     Qingdao Haier Kitchen IoT   Mainland China/                  RMB2         —        100         —        100     Technology service and Limited liability        (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                      sale of daily           company
                                                                                                                       necessities

     Tibet Haifeng Intelligent   Mainland China/                  RMB5         —        100         —        100     Development of software Limited liability       (iii)
        Innovation Technology      Mainland China                                                                      and medical              company
        Co., Ltd.                                                                                                      equipment

     Qingdao Haixiangzhi         Mainland China/                  RMB5         —        100         —        100     Manufacture of         Limited liability        (iii)
       Technology Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                      household appliances    company
     Qingdao Haier               Mainland China/                RMB300         —        100         —        100     Manufacture of         Limited liability        (iii)
       Refrigeration               Mainland China                                                                      household appliances    company
       Appliances Co., Ltd.
     Chongqing Haier Wasting     Mainland China/                RMB135         —        100         —        100     Manufacture of         Limited liability        (iii)
       Appliances Co., Ltd.        Mainland China                                                                      household appliances    company


     *         The English names of Mainland China companies referred to above in this note represent management’s best efforts in
               translating these names into English as no English names have been registered or available.

     **        The above table is a list of principal subsidiaries of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of
               the Directors, result in excessive length.

     Notes:

     (i)       The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 prepared in accordance with International
               Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Mazars LLP, a certified public accounting firm registered in USA.

     (ii)      The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 prepared in accordance with International
               Financial Reporting standards have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers New Zealand, a certified public accounting firm
               registered in New Zealand.

     (iii)     The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 prepared in accordance with Chinese
               accounting standards have been audited by Hexin Certified Public Accountants LLP, registered in Mainland China.

     (iv)      The statutory financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 prepared in accordance with International
               Financial Reporting standards have been audited by Mazars Italia S.p.A, a certified public accounting firm registered in Italy.


     All companies comprising the Group have adopted December 31, as their financial year end.




                                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022                     159
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs issued by the
            IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is
            considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary
            users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the
            Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing
            Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
            certain equity investments designated at FVTOCI, derivative financial instruments, FVTPL, provisions for
            pensions and similar obligations and financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end
            of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

            Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods
            and services.

            Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
            transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
            directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an
            asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market
            participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the
            measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
            financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that
            are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in
            accordance with IFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair
            value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

            A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
            generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
            market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

            For financial instruments and investment properties which are transacted at fair value and a valuation
            technique that unobservable inputs are to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the
            valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique
            equals the transaction price.




160   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)
   In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or
   3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the
   significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

   •   Level 1: inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                that the entity can access at the measurement date;

   •   Level 2: inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable
                for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

   •   Level 3: inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

   Merger accounting for business combination involving business under common
   control
   On 28 April 2022, Life Electric Co., Ltd. a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the
   transfer agreement of Qingdao TAB Robot Technology Co., LTD. (“TAB”) with Qingdao Haier
   Interconnect Technology Co. Ltd. (“Interconnect Co”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Haier Group
   Corporation (together with its subsidiaries hereafter “Haier Group”), pursuant to which Life Electric Co.
   Ltd. agreed to acquire and the Interconnect Co. agreed to sell 100% of the equity interest in TAB at a
   consideration of RMB125 million.

   Also, Qingdao Ririshun Electric Service Co. Ltd (“Ririshun Electric”), a subsidiary of the Company,
   entered into the equity transfer agreement of Qingdao Ririshun Services Co. Ltd. (“Ririshun Services”)
   with Ririshun Internet of Things Co. Ltd. (“Ririshun Internet”), a subsidiary of Haier Group, pursuant
   to which Ririshun Electric agreed to acquire and Ririshun Internet agreed to sell 60% of the equity
   interest in Ririshun Services at a consideration approximately of RMB51 million.

   On 29 August 2022, Special Refrigerator Co., Ltd. (“Special Refrigerator”), a wholly-owned subsidiary
   of the Company, entered into the equity transfer agreements of Special Plastic Co., Ltd (“Special
   Plastic”) with Haier Group, Haier COSMO Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Haier Group and Tooling
   Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Haier Group respectively (together the “Transferors”), pursuant
   to which Special Refrigerator agreed to acquire and the Transferors agreed to sell 100% of the equity
   interest in Special Plastic at a consideration of RMB152 million. As at the end of the reporting period,
   these transactions have been completed.

   Since the Company, TAB, Ririshun Services and Special Plastic were ultimately controlled by Haier
   Group both before and after the completion of the transfer agreements, the acquisition of the TAB,
   Ririshun Services and Special Plastic were accounted for using the principles of merger accounting.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   161
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)
            Merger accounting for business combination involving business under common
            control (continued)
            The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
            statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the
            years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 include the results, changes in equity and cash flows of all
            companies comprising the Group TAB, Ririshun Services and Special Plastic, as if the corporate
            structure of the Group immediately after the completion of the equity transfer had been in existence
            throughout the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, or since their respective dates of
            acquisition, incorporation or registration, where this is a shorter period.

            The consolidated statement of financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2021 has been
            prepared to present the state of affairs of the Group and the TAB, Ririshun Services and Special
            Plastic as if the corporate structure of the Group immediately after the completion of the equity
            transfer had been in existence and in accordance with the respective equity interests and/or the power
            to exercise control over the individual company attributable to the Company as at 31 December 2021.

            There are no significant adjustments made to the revenue, profit before tax, profit for the year
            attributable to owners of the Company, net assets, reserves and total equity previously reported by the
            Group as a consequence on the merger accounting for business combination involving businesses
            under common control.

      2.2 APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS
            Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
            In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the IASB for
            the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January
            2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

            Amendments to IFRS 3                      Reference to the Conceptual Framework
            Amendment to IFRS 16                      Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
            Amendments to IAS 16                      Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended
                                                        Use
            Amendments to IAS 37                      Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
            Amendments to IFRSs                       Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018–2020

            The application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the
            Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures
            set out in these consolidated financial statements.




162   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.2 APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (continued)
   New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
   The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs, that have been issued
   but are not yet effective:

   IFRS 17 (including the June 2020              Insurance Contracts1
     and December 2021 Amendments
     to IFRS 17)
   Amendments to IFRS 10 and                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
     IAS 28                                        Associate or Joint Venture2
   Amendments to IFRS 16                         Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback3
   Amendments to IAS 1                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current3
   Amendments to IAS 1                           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants3
   Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS                  Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
     Practice Statement 2
   Amendments to IAS 8                           Definition of Accounting Estimates1
   Amendments to IAS 12                          Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                   Single Transaction1

   1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
   2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
   3
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.


   The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to IFRSs will
   have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   Basis of consolidation
   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
   controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

   •    has power over the investee;

   •    is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

   •    has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
   there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

   Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
   when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary
   acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
   and other comprehensive income/consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the Group
   gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.




                                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   163
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Basis of consolidation (continued)
            Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
            Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
            to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the
            non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

            When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
            accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

            All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
            between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

            Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
            which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net
            assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

            Business combinations or asset acquisitions
            Optional concentration test
            The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis,
            that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a
            business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired
            is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets
            under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from
            the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is
            determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

            Asset acquisitions
            When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
            identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating
            the purchase price first to investment properties which are subsequently measured under fair value
            model and financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the
            purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their
            relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or
            bargain purchase gain.

            Business combinations
            A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive
            process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes
            are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an
            organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related
            processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are
            considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the
            ability to continue producing outputs.




164   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
   Business combinations (continued)
   Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for
   using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at
   fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred
   by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
   interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are
   generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

   For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 January 2022, the identifiable
   assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the
   Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued by International Accounting Standards Board in
   March 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and events within the scope of IAS
   37 or IFRIC 21, in which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework
   to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent assets are not
   recognised.

   At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at
   their fair value, except that:

   •    deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
        are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee
        Benefits respectively;

   •    liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
        share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
        arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 at the acquisition date
        (see the accounting policy below);

   •    assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
        current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that
        standard; and

   •    lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
        (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
        for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
        underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same
        amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the
        lease when compared with market terms.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   165
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
            Business combinations (continued)
            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
            non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity
            interest in the acquiree over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
            assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets
            acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
            non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in
            the acquiree, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

            When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
            consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value
            and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair
            value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted
            retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information
            obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date)
            about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

            Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
            Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
            subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
            components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
            relative interests in the subsidiaries, including reattribution of relevant reserves between the Group and
            the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
            interests.

            Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
            value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of
            the Company.

            When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and
            non-controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is
            calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received
            and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including
            goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts
            previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as
            if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to
            profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs).
            The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is
            regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial
            Instruments or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate.




166   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Merger accounting for business combination involving businesses under common
   control
   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
   businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined from the
   date when the combining businesses first came under the control of the controlling party.

   The net assets of the combining businesses are consolidated using the existing book values from the
   controlling party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or bargain purchase
   gain at the time of common control combination.

   The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income includes the results of
   each of the combining businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the
   combining businesses first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period.

   The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the businesses
   had been combined at the beginning of the previous reporting period or when they first came under
   common control, whichever is shorter.

   Goodwill
   Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of
   acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if
   any.

   For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
   units (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
   combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
   management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

   A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
   tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be
   impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or
   group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before
   the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
   impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other
   assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of
   cash-generating units).

   On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
   cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
   amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the
   cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of
   goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the
   cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of
   cash-generating units) retained.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   167
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Goodwill (continued)
            The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

            Investments in associates
            An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the
            power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or
            joint control over those policies.

            The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
            statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment, or a portion thereof,
            is classified as held for sale, in which case it is or the portion so classified is accounted for in
            accordance with IFRS 5. Any retained portion of an investment in an associate that has not been
            classified as held for sale continues to be accounted for using the equity method. The financial
            statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting
            policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Appropriate
            adjustments have been made to conform the associate’s accounting policies to those of the Group.
            Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated
            statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the
            profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the
            associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such
            changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of
            losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term
            interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group
            discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent
            that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
            associate.

            An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
            investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the
            cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
            liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the
            investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
            liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss
            in the period in which the investment is acquired.

            The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
            impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
            goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
            recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying
            amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms
            part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in
            accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
            increases.




168   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Investments in associates (continued)
   When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a
   disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or
   loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate and the retained interest is a financial
   asset within the scope of IFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date
   and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the
   carrying amount of the associate and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from
   disposing of the relevant interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss
   on disposal of the associate. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in
   other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if
   that associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss
   previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate would be reclassified to profit
   or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from
   equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant
   associate.

   When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
   transactions with the associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the
   extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

   Changes in the Group’s interests in associates
   The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an
   investment in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an
   associate. There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

   When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the
   equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
   previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership
   interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets
   or liabilities.

   Acquisition of additional interests in associates
   When the Group increases its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the
   equity method, goodwill is recognised at acquisition date if there is excess of the consideration paid
   over the share of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional interests in associates
   acquired. Any excess of share of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional interests
   in associates acquired over the consideration paid are recognised in the profit or loss in the period in
   which the additional interest are acquired.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   169
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Non-current assets held for sale
            Non-current assets (and disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be
            recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is
            regarded as met only when the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present
            condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such asset (or disposal
            group) and its sale is highly probable. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be
            expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.

            When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets
            and liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are
            met, regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in the relevant subsidiary
            after the sale.

            When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving disposal of an investment, or a portion of an
            investment, in an associate or joint venture, the investment or the portion of the investment that will be
            disposed of is classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met, and the Group
            discontinues the use of the equity method in relation to the portion that is classified as held for sale
            from the time when the investment (or a portion of the investment) is classified as held for sale.

            Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their
            previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell which continue to be measured in
            accordance with the accounting policies as set out in respective sections.

            The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
            adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that
            is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement
            is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
            remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being
            recognised in profit or loss.

            When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
            acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains
            control), and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive
            income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that
            have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 would be
            accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the
            previously held equity interest.

            If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in
            which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
            accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the
            measurement period (see above), and additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new
            information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known,
            would have affected the amounts recognised at that date.




170   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers
   The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
   the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

   A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
   distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

   Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
   towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
   met:

   •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
        performance as the Group performs;

   •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
        performs; or

   •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
        Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

   Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
   good or service.

   A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
   the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
   accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
   consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

   A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for
   which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

   A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented
   on a net basis.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   171
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)
            For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (please specify), the Group allocates
            the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis,
            except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.

            The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is
            determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised
            good or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the
            Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to
            any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
            entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

            Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
            performance obligation
            Output method
            The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output
            method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods
            or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised
            under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or
            services.

            As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds
            directly with the value of the Group’s performance completed to date, the Group recognises revenue in
            the amount to which the Group has the right to invoice.

            Input method
            The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input
            method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of the Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction
            of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance
            obligation, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.

            (a)    Sale of goods
                   Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
                   transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of goods.




172   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
   performance obligation (continued)
   Input method (continued)
   (a)   Sale of goods (continued)
         (i)   Rights of return
               For contracts which provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified
               period, the expected value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned
               because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group
               will be entitled. The requirements in IFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable
               consideration are applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that
               can be included in the transaction price. For goods that are expected to be returned,
               instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised. A right of return asset (and the
               corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognised for the right to recover
               products from a customer.

         (ii)   Sales rebates
                Retrospective sales rebates may be provided to certain customers once the value of
                products purchased during the period exceeds a threshold specified in the contract.
                Rebates are offset against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable
                consideration for the expected future rebates, the most likely amount method is used for
                contracts with a single-threshold and the expected value method for contracts with more
                than one threshold. The selected method that best predicts the amount of variable
                consideration is primarily driven by the thresholds contained in the contract. The
                requirements on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied and a refund
                liability for the expected future rebates is recognised.

   (b)   Other income
         Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease
         payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting
         period in which they are incurred.

         Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying
         the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the
         financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the
         financial asset.

         Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
         established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
         Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   173
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            Variable consideration
            For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to
            which it will be entitled using (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, which better
            predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

            The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent
            that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
            future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

            At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
            updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent
            faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
            circumstances during the reporting period.

            Notwithstanding the above criteria, the Group shall recognise revenue for a sales-based or
            usage-based royalty promised in exchange for a licence of intellectual property only when (or as) the
            later of the following events occurs:

            •      the subsequent sale or usage occurs; and

            •      the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based or usage-based royalty has
                   been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).

            Refund liabilities
            The Group recognises a refund liability if the Group expects to refund some or all of the consideration
            received from customers.

            Sales with a right of return
            For a sale of products with a right of return/exchange for dissimilar products, the Group recognises all
            of the following:

            (a)    revenue for the transferred products in the amount of consideration to which the Group expects
                   to be entitled (therefore, revenue would not be recognised for the products expected to be
                   returned/exchanged);

            (b)    a refund liability/contract liability; and

            (c)    an asset (and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) for its right to recover products from
                   customers and are presented as right to returned goods asset.




174   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   Existence of significant financing component
   In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the
   effects of the time value of money if the timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly)
   provides the customer or the Group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or
   services to the customer. In those circumstances, the contract contains a significant financing
   component. A significant financing component may exist regardless of whether the promise of
   financing is explicitly stated in the contract or implied by the payment terms agreed to by the parties
   to the contract.

   For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is
   less than one year, the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for
   any significant financing component.

   Principal versus agent
   When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines
   whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
   services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by
   the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

   The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is
   transferred to a customer.

   The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified
   good or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or
   service provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the
   Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it
   expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by
   the other party.

   Contract costs
   Incremental costs of obtaining a contract
   Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract
   with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.

   The Group recognises such costs e.g. sales commissions as an asset if it expects to recover these
   costs. The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that
   is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.

   The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to obtain a contract if
   these costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to profit or loss within one year.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   175
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Costs to fulfil a contract
            The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in its sales of household electrical appliances. The Group
            first assesses whether these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant
            standards, failing which it recognises an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following
            criteria:

            (a)    the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically
                   identify;

            (b)    the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing
                   to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

            (c)    the costs are expected to be recovered.

            The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
            consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The
            asset is subject to impairment review.

            Leases
            Definition of a lease
            A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
            asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

            For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of IFRS 16 or arising
            from business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on
            the definition under IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such
            contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
            changed.

            The Group as lessee
            Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
            For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
            components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the
            basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of
            the non-lease components, including contract for acquisition of ownership interests of a property which
            includes both leasehold land and non-lease building components, unless such allocation cannot be
            made reliably.

            The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease
            component, and instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components
            as a single lease component.

            As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when
            the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ
            materially from individual leases within the portfolio.



176   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as lessee (continued)
   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
   The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of land and buildings,
   machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture, fixtures that have a lease term of 12 months
   or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the
   recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases
   of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis
   over the lease term.

   Right-of-use assets
   The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

   •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

   •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

   •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

   •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying
         assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
         required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
         inventories.

   Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
   and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

   Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
   leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of
   the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter
   of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

   When the Group obtains ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term, upon
   exercising purchase options, the cost of the relevant right-of-use assets and the related accumulated
   depreciation and impairment loss are transferred to property, plant and equipment.

   The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property or
   inventory as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position. Right-of-use
   assets that meet the definition of investment property and inventory are presented within “Investment
   properties”.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   177
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as lessee (continued)
            Refundable rental deposits
            Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
            Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
            included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

            Lease liabilities
            At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the
            present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
            payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the
            interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

            The lease payments include:

            •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

            •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or
                   rate as at the commencement date;

            •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

            •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option;
                   and

            •      payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an
                   option to terminate the lease.

            Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are initially measured using the
            market rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
            index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are
            recognised as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

            After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

            The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related
            right-of-use assets) whenever:

            •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase
                   option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
                   payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

            •      the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/
                   expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
                   remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

            The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
            position.




178   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as lessee (continued)
   Lease modifications
   Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient, the
   Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

   •    the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
        assets; and

   •    the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
        for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
        circumstances of the particular contract.

   For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
   liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by
   discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the
   modification.

   The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
   the relevant right-of-use asset.

   When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or
   non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease
   component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate
   stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

   Changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate
   benchmark reform
   For changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate
   benchmark reform, the Group applies the practical expedient to remeasure the lease liabilities by
   discounting the revised lease payments using the unchanged discount rate, unless the change in lease
   payments results from a change in floating interest rates. In that case, the Group uses the revised
   discount rate that reflects change in the interest rate and makes a corresponding adjustment to the
   related right-of-use assets. A lease modification is required by interest rate benchmark reform if, and
   only if, both of these conditions are met:

   •    the modification is necessary as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform; and

   •    the new basis for determining the lease payments is economically equivalent to the previous basis
        (i.e. the basis immediately preceding the modification).

   If lease modifications are made in addition to those lease modifications required by interest rate
   benchmark reform, the Group applies the applicable requirements in IFRS 16 (see the accounting
   policy above) to account for all lease modifications made at the same time, including those required by
   interest rate benchmark reform.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   179
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as lessee (continued)
            Covid-19-related rent concessions
            In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, the
            Group has elected to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease
            modification if all of the following conditions are met:

            •      the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the
                   same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;

            •      any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022;
                   and

            •      there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

            A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent
            concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying IFRS 16 if the changes are not
            a lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease
            payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a
            corresponding adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

            The Group as a lessor
            Classification and measurement of leases
            Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the
            terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
            underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are
            classified as operating leases.

            Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date
            at amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the
            respective leases. Initial direct costs (other than those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are
            included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to
            accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment
            outstanding in respect of the leases.

            Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
            term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease
            are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense
            on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value
            model. Variable lease payments for operating leases that depend on an index or a rate are estimated
            and included in the total lease payments to be recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
            Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income when
            they arise.

            Interest and rental income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are
            presented as revenue.




180   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as a lessor (continued)
   Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
   When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue
   from Contracts with Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease
   components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative
   stand-alone selling prices.

   Refundable rental deposits
   Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
   Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from
   lessees.

   Lease modification
   The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of
   the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as
   part of the lease payments for the new lease.

   For rent concession under which the Group legally releases the lessee from its obligation to make
   specifically identified lease payment, of which some of these lease payments are contractually due but
   not paid and some of them are not yet contractually due, the Group accounts for the portions which
   have been recognised as operating lease receivables (i.e. the lease payments which are contractually
   due but not paid) by applying the ECL and derecognition requirements under IFRS 9 and applies lease
   modification requirements for the forgiven lease payments that the Group has not recognised (i.e. the
   lease payments which are not yet contractually due) as at the effective date of modification.

   Foreign currencies
   In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other
   than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges
   prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items
   denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
   items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates
   prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a
   non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also
   recognised in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in
   other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other
   comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
   currency are not retranslated.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   181
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Foreign currencies (continued)
            Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
            items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange
            differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is
            neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign
            operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to
            profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interests in associates/joint ventures.

            For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
            Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Renminbi) using
            exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are
            translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly
            during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange
            differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity
            under the heading of exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve (attributed to
            non-controlling interests as appropriate).

            On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign
            operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or
            a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation
            of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated
            in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to
            profit or loss.

            In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing
            control over the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are
            reattributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial
            disposals (i.e. partial disposals of associates or joint arrangements that do not result in the Group
            losing significant influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange
            differences is reclassified to profit or loss. Settlements of monetary items which formed part of net
            investment in foreign operations without changes in the Group’s ownership interests is not considered
            as partial disposals.

            Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a
            foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate
            of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are
            recognised in other comprehensive income.




182   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Borrowing costs
   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
   which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use
   or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for
   their intended use or sale.

   Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
   sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general
   borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
   their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

   All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

   Government grants
   Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
   with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

   Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
   Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
   Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
   or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated
   statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over
   the useful lives of the related assets.

   Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses
   already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future
   related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such
   grants are presented under “other gains or losses”.

   The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant,
   measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on
   prevailing market interest rates.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   183
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Employee benefits
            Retirement benefit costs
            Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when
            employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

            For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the
            projected unit credit method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual
            reporting period. In determining the present value of the Group’s defined benefit obligations and the
            related current service cost and, where applicable, past service cost, the Group attributes benefit to
            periods of service under the plan’s benefit formula. However, if an employee’s service in later years will
            lead to a materially higher level of benefit than earlier years, the Group attributes the benefit on a
            straight-line basis from:

            (a)    the date when service by the employee first leads to benefits under the plan (whether or not the
                   benefits are conditional on further service) until

            (b)    the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits
                   under the plan, other than from further salary increases.

            Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling
            (if applicable) and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the
            consolidated statement of financial position with a charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive
            income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised in other comprehensive income
            is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.

            Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and
            a gain or loss on settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service
            cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset
            using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial assumptions, reflecting the benefits
            offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment, curtailment or
            settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic
            benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan).

            Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net
            defined benefit liability or asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or
            asset before plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, the Group determines net interest for the
            remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement using the
            benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment, curtailment or
            settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking
            into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period resulting from
            contributions or benefit payments.




184   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Employee benefits (continued)
   Retirement benefit costs (continued)
   Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

   •    service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on
        curtailments and settlements);

   •    net interest expense or income; and

   •    remeasurement.

   The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
   represents the actual deficit or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from
   this calculation is limited to the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds
   from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

   Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of
   these contributions to the plan.

   When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third
   parties, the accounting depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

   •    If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a
        deficit arising from losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the
        remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability or asset.

   •    If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution
        that is dependent on the number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost by
        attributing the contributions to periods of service using the attribution method required by IAS 19
        paragraph 70 for the gross benefits. For the amount of contribution that is independent of the
        number of years of service, the entity reduces service cost in the period in which the related
        service is rendered.

   Termination benefits
   A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer
   withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

   Short-term and other long-term employee benefits
   Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to
   be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are
   recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
   cost of an asset.

   A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave
   and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   185
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Employee benefits (continued)
            Short-term and other long-term employee benefits (continued)
            Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present
            value of the estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services
            provided by employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the liabilities’ carrying amounts
            resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are recognised in profit or loss except to the
            extent that another IFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.

            Pension schemes
            The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in the PRC are required to participate in a
            central pension scheme (the “PRC Pension Scheme”) operated by the local municipal government.
            These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the PRC
            Pension Scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in
            accordance with the rules of the PRC Pension Scheme. Under the PRC Pension Scheme, no forfeited
            contributions will be used by the Group to reduce its existing level of contributions during the years
            ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

            Share-based payments
            Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
            Shares/Share options granted to employees
            Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured
            at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

            The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking
            into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the
            vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a
            corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period,
            the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
            assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
            estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
            estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve. For shares/share
            options that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the shares/share options granted is
            expensed immediately to profit or loss.




186   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Share-based payments (continued)
   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (continued)
   Shares/Share options granted to employees (continued)
   When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
   will be transferred to capital reserve. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are
   still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
   reserve will continue to be held in share-based payments reserve.

   When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve
   will continue to be held in share-based payments.

   Taxation
   Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

   The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss)
   before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that
   are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
   have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

   Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
   liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
   computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
   differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the
   extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
   differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
   difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
   liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition,
   deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
   goodwill.

   Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
   subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control
   the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
   reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
   associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable
   that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary
   differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
   reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
   allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
   period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that
   have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.



                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   187
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Taxation (continued)
            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
            from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle
            the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair
            value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through
            sale, unless the presumption is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is
            depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the
            economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sale, except for
            freehold land, which is always presumed to be recovered entirely through sale.

            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
            right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax
            deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

            For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
            applies IAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary
            differences on initial recognition of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not
            recognised due to application of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary differences arising from
            subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, resulting from
            remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject to initial recognition
            exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
            tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same
            taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

            Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
            recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
            deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
            Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax
            effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

            In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable
            that the relevant tax authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by
            individual group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are
            determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that the
            relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is
            reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.




188   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Property, plant and equipment
   Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
   goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than freehold lands and construction in
   progress as described below). Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement
   of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses, if any.

   Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses.

   Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at
   cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the
   asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended
   by management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for
   qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Sale
   proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the
   location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
   management (such as samples produced when testing whether the asset is functioning properly), and
   the related costs of producing those items are recognised in the profit or loss. The cost of those items
   are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements of IAS 2. Depreciation of these
   assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their
   intended use.

   When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold
   land and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the
   building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the
   allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as
   “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position except for those that are
   classified and accounted for as investment properties under the fair value model. When the
   consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in
   the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

   Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than freehold land and properties
   under construction less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
   method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end
   of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective
   basis.

   The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

   Freehold land                                                                               Not depreciated
   Buildings                                                                                       2% to 19%
   Leasehold improvements                                                                         10% to 50%
   Machinery and equipment                                                                         5% to 50%
   Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                               5% to 33%
   Motor vehicles                                                                                  9% to 35%




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   189
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Property, plant and equipment (continued)
            An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
            benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the
            disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference
            between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

            Investment properties
            Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

            Investment properties also include leased properties which are being recognised as right-of-use assets
            and subleased by the Group under operating leases.

            Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
            Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent
            accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognised so as to
            write off the cost of investment properties over their estimated useful lives and after taking into
            account of their estimated residual value, using the straight-line method.

            Construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised as part of the
            carrying amount of the investment properties under construction.

            An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
            withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. A leased property
            which is recognised as a right-of-use asset is derecognised if the Group as intermediate lessor
            classifies the sublease as a finance lease. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the property
            (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset)
            is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.

            Intangible assets
            Intangible assets acquired separately
            Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
            accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses/revalued amounts, being their fair
            value at the date of the revaluation less subsequent accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
            impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a
            straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method
            are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
            accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired
            separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.




190   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Intangible assets (continued)
   Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
   Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

   An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development
   phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

   •    the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

   •    the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

   •    the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

   •    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

   •    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
        and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

   •    the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
        development.

   The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
   incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where
   no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in
   profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

   Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
   accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible
   assets that are acquired separately.

   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
   Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are
   initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

   Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
   lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
   the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a
   business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
   impairment losses.

   An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected
   from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as
   the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are
   recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   191
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Intangible assets (continued)
            Intangible assets acquired in a business combination (continued)
            The following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation as follows:

            Proprietary technology                                                                         10 years
            Patents and licences                                                                           40 years
            Trademarks                                                                                     Indefinite
            Software & Others                                                           not exceeding than 10 years

            Proprietary technology
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, proprietary
            technology with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
            straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 10 years.

            Patents and licences
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, purchase patents
            and licences with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the
            straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 40 years.

            Trademarks
            The trademark has different legal life at different jurisdiction, and can renewable at minimal cost. The
            directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group would renew the trademark continuously
            and has the ability to do so. Various studies including product life cycle studies, market, competitive
            and environmental trends, and brand extension opportunities have been performed by management of
            the Group, which supports that the trademark has no foreseeable limit to the period over which the
            trademarked products are expected to generate net cash flows for the Group.

            As a result, the trademark is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite
            useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The trademark will not
            be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for impairment
            annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

            Software & Others
            Accordance with the contractual agreements and the Company historical experience, Software &
            Others are amortised on a straight-line basis over an estimate useful life of not exceeding than 10
            years. The useful of the software is estimated based on the expected usage of the software and its
            authorised periods for use.

            Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
            assets other than goodwill
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
            equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets with finite useful to determine whether there is any
            indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
            recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
            impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet
            available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that
            they may be impaired.




192   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
   assets other than goodwill (continued)
   The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets
   are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
   Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

   In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant
   cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or
   otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and
   consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the
   cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is
   compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating
   units.

   Before the Group recognises an impairment loss for assets capitalised as contract costs under IFRS
   15, the Group assesses and recognises any impairment loss on other assets related to the relevant
   contracts in accordance with applicable standards. Then, impairment loss, if any, for assets capitalised
   as contract costs is recognised to the extent the carrying amounts exceeds the remaining amount of
   consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less the
   costs which relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not been recognised as
   expenses. The assets capitalised as contract costs are then included in the carrying amount of the
   cash-generating unit to which they belong for the purpose of evaluating impairment of that
   cash-generating unit.

   Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing
   value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
   discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
   specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not
   been adjusted.

   If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
   carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its
   recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on
   a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount
   of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion
   of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of
   the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated
   first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a
   pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating
   units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of
   disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss
   that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the
   unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or
   loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in which case
   the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease under that standard.



                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   193
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
            assets other than goodwill (continued)
            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating
            unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable
            amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would
            have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating
            unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised
            immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another
            standard, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase under
            that standard.

            Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

            (a)    cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are
                   subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of
                   cash; and

            (b)    cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months
                   or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and
                   which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the
                   purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

            For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of
            cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts which are repayable
            on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management. Such overdrafts are presented
            as short-term borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position.

            Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party contractual restrictions are
            included as part of cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer meeting the
            definition of cash. Contractual restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in note 27.

            Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined
            on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for
            inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
            necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and
            non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.




194   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Provisions
   Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
   a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable
   estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

   The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
   present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
   surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
   present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
   time value of money is material).

   When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
   from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will
   be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

   Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant contracts
   with customers for sales of (please specify) are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant
   products, at the directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation.

   Contingent liabilities
   A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is
   not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
   obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

   Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is
   expected to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the
   consolidated financial statements.

   The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic
   benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will
   be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the
   consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the change in probability occurs,
   except in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   195
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
            contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
            recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
            sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation
            or convention in the market place.

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
            arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15.
            Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and
            financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
            (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
            appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial
            assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
            financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The
            effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments
            (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,
            transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
            financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
            recognition.

            Financial assets
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

            •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash
                   flows; and

            •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                   and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

            •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                   collecting contractual cash flows; and

            •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                   and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




196   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
   All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial
   application of IFRS 9/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
   subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if that equity
   investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a
   business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

   A financial asset is held for trading if:

   •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

   •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
          manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

   •      it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

   In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at
   the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an
   accounting mismatch.

   (i)    Amortised cost and interest income
          Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
          subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at
          FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
          amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
          impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is
          recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from
          the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so
          that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
          effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of
          the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

   (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
          Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains
          and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and
          accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The
          cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
          investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

          Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
          Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a
          recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “Other gains or
          losses” line item in profit or loss.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   197
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
            (iii) Financial assets measured at FVTPL
                  Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
                  designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                   Financial assets measured at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                   period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
                   recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is
                   included in the “Other gains and losses” line item.

            Impairment of financial assets
            The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial
            assets (including trade and bills receivables, other receivables and contract assets), which are subject
            to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to
            reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

            Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life
            of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime
            ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the
            reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted
            for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both
            the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

            The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets without significant
            financing component.

            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has
            been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises
            lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant
            increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

            (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
                   In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                   compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with
                   the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In
                   making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                   reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
                   is available without undue cost or effort.




198   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
   (i)  Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
        In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
        has increased significantly:

        •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
              or internal credit rating;

        •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase
              in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

        •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
              expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
              obligations;

        •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

        •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
              environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to
              meet its debt obligations.

        Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk
        has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30
        days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
        otherwise.

        Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not
        increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low
        credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it
        has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
        obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
        longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its
        contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk
        when it has an internal or external credit rating of “investment grade” as per globally understood
        definitions.

        The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has
        been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the
        criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes
        past due.




                                                                         Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   199
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (continued)
            (ii) Definition of default
                 For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                 information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                 unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full.

                    Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
                    is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                    demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

            (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
                    A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
                    the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                    asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                    (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                    (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                    (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                          financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                          not otherwise consider;

                    (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganisation;

                    (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties;
                          or

                    (f)   the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred
                          credit losses.

            (iv)    Write-off policy
                    The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
                    is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when
                    the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.
                    Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                    recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a
                    derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




200   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
   (v)  Measurement and recognition of ECL
        The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
        magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
        probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
        information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
        determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

        Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group
        in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
        discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

        Lifetime ECL for trade and bills receivables, deposits and other receivables are considered on a
        collective basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information
        such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

        For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
        formulating the grouping:

        •     Past-due status;

        •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

        •     External credit ratings where available.

        The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group
        continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

        Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless
        the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on
        amortised cost of the financial asset.

        Except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, financial guarantee
        contracts, the Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
        instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables, other
        receivables and contract assets where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss
        allowance account. For investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss
        allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve
        without reducing the carrying amount of these debt instruments. Such amount represents the
        changes in the FVTOCI reserve in relation to accumulated loss allowance.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   201
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Derecognition of financial assets
            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
            asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of
            ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the
            risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes
            its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the
            Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the
            Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
            proceeds received.

            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
            carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or
            loss.

            On derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or
            loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.

            On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial
            recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the
            investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

            Financial liabilities and equity
            Classification as debt or equity
            Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
            the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
            instrument.

            Equity instruments
            An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
            deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the
            proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

            Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other
            financial assets or the Group has the sole discretion to defer payment of distribution and redemption
            of principal amount indefinitely are classified as equity instruments.

            Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
            No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
            Company’s own equity instruments.

            Financial liabilities
            All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
            or at FVTPL.




202   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
   Financial liabilities at FVTPL
   Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of
   an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is
   designated as at FVTPL.

   A financial liability is held for trading if:

   •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

   •     on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
         together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

   •     it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
         effective hedging instrument.

   A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an
   acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

   •     such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
         that would otherwise arise; or

   •     the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which
         is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the
         Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the
         grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

   •     it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the
         entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

   For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the
   financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other
   comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in
   other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. For
   financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, such as convertible loan notes, the changes in fair
   value of the embedded derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be presented in other
   comprehensive income. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are
   recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead,
   they are transferred to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   203
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
            Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
            Financial liabilities including borrowings, convertible bond, trade payables, other payables and lease
            liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

            Convertible bond
            The component parts of the convertible loan notes are classified separately as financial liability and
            equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a
            financial liability and an equity instrument. A conversion option that will be settled by the exchange of
            a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of the equity instruments is an
            equity instrument.

            At the date of issue, the fair value of the liability component (including any embedded non-equity
            derivatives features) is estimated by measuring the fair value of similar liability that does not have an
            associated equity component.

            A conversion option classified as equity is determined by deducting the amount of the liability
            component from the fair value of the compound instrument as a whole. This is recognised and
            included in equity, net of income tax effects, and is not subsequently remeasured. In addition, the
            conversion option classified as equity will remain in equity until the conversion option is exercised, in
            which case, the balance recognised in equity will be transferred to share premium. Where the
            conversion option remains unexercised at the maturity date of the convertible note, the balance
            recognised in equity will be transferred to retained profits. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or
            loss upon conversion or expiration of the conversion option.

            Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible loan notes are allocated to the liability and
            equity components in proportion to the allocation of the gross proceeds. Transaction costs relating to
            the equity component are charged directly to equity. Transaction costs relating to the liability
            component are included in the carrying amount of the liability portion and amortised over the period of
            the convertible loan notes using the effective interest method.

            Derecognition of financial liabilities
            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
            discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
            liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.




204   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as a result of interest rate
   benchmark reform
   For changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows of a financial asset or financial
   liability to which the amortised cost measurement applies as a result of interest rate benchmark reform,
   the Group applies the practical expedient to account for these changes by updating the effective
   interest rate, such change in effective interest rate normally has no significant effect on the carrying
   amount of the relevant financial asset or financial liability.

   A change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows is required by interest rate
   benchmark reform if and only if, both these conditions are met:

   •     the change is necessary as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform; and

   •     the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is economically equivalent to the previous
         basis (i.e. the basis immediately preceding the change).

   For other changes made to a financial asset or financial liability in addition to changes to the basis for
   determining the contractual cash flows required by interest rate benchmark reform, the Group first
   applies the practical expedient to the changes required by interest rate benchmark reform by updating
   the effective interest rate. The Group then applies the applicable requirements in IFRS 9 on
   modification of a financial asset or a financial liability (see accounting policy above) to the additional
   changes to which the practical expedient does not apply.

   Derivative financial instruments
   Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into
   and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting
   gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated and effective as a
   hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the
   nature of the hedge relationship.

   Embedded derivatives
   Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9
   are not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as
   either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate.

   Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of
   IFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and
   characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not
   measured at FVTPL.

   Generally, multiple embedded derivatives in a single instrument that are separated from the host
   contracts are treated as a single compound embedded derivative unless those derivatives relate to
   different risk exposures and are readily separable and independent of each other.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   205
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability
            A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated
            statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right
            to set off the recognised amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset
            and settle the liability simultaneously.

            Hedge accounting
            The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for fair value hedges, cash flow
            hedges, or hedges of net investments in foreign operations.

            At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the
            hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for
            undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing
            basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in
            fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

            For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a component thereof) is highly
            probable, the Group assumes that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows
            (contractually or non-contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest rate
            benchmark reform.

            Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness
            For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective
            in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when
            the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:

            •      there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;

            •      the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic
                   relationship; and

            •      the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
                   hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
                   entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

            If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge
            ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the
            Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets
            the qualifying criteria again.




206   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Hedge accounting (continued)
   Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness (continued)
   For changes made to the hedged risk, hedged item or hedging instrument required by interest rate
   benchmark reform, the Group amends the formal designation of a hedging relationship to reflect the
   changes by the end of the reporting period during which the relevant changes were made. Such an
   amendment to the formal designation of the hedging relationship constitutes neither the discontinuation
   of the hedging relationship nor the designation of a new hedging relationship.

   Fair value hedges
   The fair value change on qualifying hedging instruments is recognised in profit or loss except when the
   hedging instrument hedges an equity instrument designated at FVTOCI in which case it is recognised
   in other comprehensive income.

   The carrying amount of a hedged item not already measured at fair value is adjusted for the fair value
   change attributable to the hedged risk with a corresponding entry in profit or loss. For debt
   instruments measured at FVTOCI, the carrying amount is not adjusted as it is already at fair value, but
   the hedging gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss instead of other comprehensive income. When
   the hedged item is an equity instrument designated at FVTOCI, the hedging gain or loss remains in
   other comprehensive income to match that of the hedging instrument.

   Where hedging gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss, they are recognised in the same line as
   the hedged item.

   Cash flow hedges
   The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging
   instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive
   income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative
   change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the
   ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in the ‘other gains and
   losses’ line item.

   When a hedged item in a cash flow hedge is amended to reflect the changes that are required by the
   interest rate benchmark reform, the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve is deemed to
   be based on the alternative benchmark rate on which the hedged future cash flows are determined.

   Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are
   reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line
   as the recognised hedged item. However, when the hedged forecast transaction results in the
   recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously
   recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are removed from equity and
   included in the initial measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. This
   transfer does not affect other comprehensive income. Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or
   all of the loss accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will not be recovered in the future, that
   amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.



                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   207
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Financial instruments (continued)
            Hedge accounting (continued)
            Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
            Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash flow hedges. Any
            gain or loss on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised in
            other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedges reserve. The
            gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is
            included in the “other gains or losses” line item.

            Gains or losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge accumulated in
            the Exchange differences on translation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the
            foreign operation.

            Discontinuation of hedge accounting
            The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part
            thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances
            when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing hedge
            accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case
            hedge accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

            For fair value hedge of debt instruments at amortised cost or debt instruments at FVTOCI, the fair
            value adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item arising from the hedged risk is amortised
            to profit or loss from that date. The amortisation is based on a recalculated effective interest rate at
            the date that amortisation begins. In the case of debt instruments at FVTOCI, amortisation applies in
            the same manner but to the extent of the cumulative hedging gain or loss previously recognised in
            profit or loss.

            For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
            equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transactions is ultimately
            recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or
            loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

            Dividends
            Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
            meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to consolidated financial statements.




208   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




2.3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Related parties
   A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

   (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

         (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

         (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

         (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

   (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

         (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

         (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                  fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

         (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

         (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                  entity;

         (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                  or an entity related to the Group;

         (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

         (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                  management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

         (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                  services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

   Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
   be influence by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:

   (a)   that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;

   (b)   children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and

   (c)   dependants of the person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

   A related party transaction is a transfer of resources, services or obligations between reporting entity
   and a related party, regardless of whether a price is charged.




                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   209
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
            In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 2.3, the directors of
            the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and
            underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be
            relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
            period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
            periods.

            Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
            The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that the directors of
            the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the
            most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

            Revenue recognition from sales of goods at a point in time
            Revenue is recognised over time when the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an
            alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
            completed to date. Significant judgement is required in determining whether the terms of the Group’s
            contracts with customers in relation to products with no alternative use create an enforceable right to
            payment for the Group. The Group has considered the relevant local laws that apply to those relevant
            contracts and opinion from external legal counsel. Based on the assessment of the Group’s
            management, the terms of the relevant sales contracts do not create an enforceable right to payment
            for the Group after taking into consideration indicators. Accordingly, the sales of products with no
            alternative use is considered to be performance obligation satisfied at a point in time when control of
            the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of goods.

            Determining the method to estimate variable consideration and assessing the constraint for
            the sale of goods
            Certain contracts for the sale of goods include a right of return that give rise to variable consideration.
            In estimating the variable consideration, the Group is required to use either the expected value method
            or the most likely amount method based on which method better predicts the amount of consideration
            to which it will be entitled.

            The Group determined that the expected value method is the appropriate method to use in estimating
            the variable consideration for the sale of goods with rights of return, given the large number of
            customer contracts that have similar characteristics.

            Before including any amount of variable consideration in the transaction price, the Group considers
            whether the amount of variable consideration is constrained. The Group determined that the estimates
            of variable consideration are not constrained based on its historical experience, business forecast and
            the current economic conditions. In addition, the uncertainty on the variable consideration will be
            resolved within a short time frame.




210   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
     Estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
     uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material
     adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets as at 31 December 2022 were approximately RMB1,722 million (2021: RMB1,857
     million (restated)), in relation to unused tax losses for certain operating subsidiaries has been
     recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position. No deferred tax assets have
     been recognised on the tax losses for non-operating subsidiaries due to the unpredictability of future
     profit streams. The realisability of the deferred tax assets mainly depends on whether sufficient future
     profits or taxable temporary differences will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future
     taxable profits generated are less or more than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which
     result in revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of
     deferred tax assets may arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such
     a reversal or further recognition takes place.

     Fair value measurement of financial instruments
     The fair value of the unlisted equity investments as at 31 December 2022 were approximately
     RMB5,836 million (2021: RMB4,831 million (restated)), are measured at fair value with fair value being
     determined based on significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and
     estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof.
     Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair value
     of these instruments. See notes 20 and 44 for further disclosures.

     Provision of ECL for trade receivables
     Trade receivables with significant balances and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually. In
     addition, the Group uses provision matrix to calculate ECL for the trade receivables which are
     individually insignificant. The provision rates are based on days past due as groupings of various
     debtors that have similar loss patterns. The provision matrix is based on the Group’s historical default
     rates taking into consideration forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable available
     without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
     reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. Due to greater financial
     uncertainty triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has increased the expected loss rates in
     the current year as there is higher risk that a prolonged pandemic could led to increased credit default
     rates.

     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the
     Group’s trade receivables are disclosed in note 25.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   211
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
            Estimation uncertainty (continued)
            Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and other
            intangible assets
            Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets are stated at costs less
            accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the
            Group has to exercise judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event
            has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an
            asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value
            of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the
            appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow
            projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable
            amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable
            amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belong. Changing the assumptions and
            estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially
            affect the net present value used in the impairment test.

            Useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment
            Management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation for the Group’s property,
            plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of
            items of property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as
            a result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to industry cycles. The
            depreciation charge will increase when the useful lives are less than the previously estimated useful
            lives, or management will write off or write down obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been
            abandoned or sold. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of the property, plant and
            equipment were approximately RMB31,857 million (2021: RMB26,982 million (restated)).

            Estimated impairment of goodwill
            Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the
            cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is
            the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires
            the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit (or a
            group of cash-generating units) and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.
            Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances
            which results in downward revision of future cash flows, a material impairment loss may arise. No
            impairment losses were recognised during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. As at
            31 December 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill are approximately RMB23,644 million (2021:
            RMB21,827 million). Further details are given in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.




212   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (continued)
     Estimated impairment of interests in associates
     Determining whether impairment loss should be recognised requires an estimation of the recoverable
     amount of the relevant associate which is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of
     disposal. The value in use calculation requires the management of the Group to estimate the present
     value of the estimated cash flows expected to arise from dividends to be received from the associate
     and the proceeds from the ultimate disposal of the investment taking into account of factors, including
     discount rate, dividend payout rate etc. In cases where the actual cash flows are less or more than
     expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future cash flows
     estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of impairment may arise, which would be
     recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place.

     As at 31 December 2022, the net carrying amount of the investment in associates are approximately
     RMB24,528 million (2021: RMB23,201 million (restated)). Further details are given in note 19 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

     Provision of inventories
     Write-down of inventories to net realisable value is made based on the aging and estimated net
     realisable value of inventories. The assessment of the write-down amount involves management’s
     judgements and estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the
     original estimate, such differences will impact the carrying value of the inventories and the write-down
     charge/reversal in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December 2022,
     the net carrying amounts of inventories (after impairment provision) were approximately RMB41,543
     million (2021: RMB39,912 million (restated))

     Product warranty provisions
     Product warranty provisions are made with reference to the retail volume and the expected unit cost
     for warranties. The assessment of the provision amount involves management’s judgements and
     estimates. Where the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimate,
     such differences will impact the carrying amount of the product warranty provisions and the provision
     amount charged/reversed in the period in which such estimate has been changed. As at 31 December
     2022, the product warranty amounted to approximately RMB3,502 million (2021: RMB3,681 million).
     Further details are included in note 33 to consolidated financial statements.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   213
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
            Information reported to the directors, being the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), for the
            purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods
            or services delivered or provided.

            For segment reporting, these individual operating segments have been aggregated into a single
            reportable segment. For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on
            their products and services.

            Specifically, the Group’s reportable segments under IFRS 8 are as follows:

            (a)    Smart Home Business in China
                   (i)     Household Food Solutions
                           •   the domestic refrigerator business segment manufactures and sells refrigerator within
                               Mainland China (“Refrigerators/Freezers”);

                           •     the domestic kitchen appliances business segment manufactures and sells kitchen
                                 appliances within Mainland China (“Kitchen Appliances”);

                   (ii)    Household Air Solutions
                           •   the domestic air conditioner business segment manufactures and sells air conditioner
                               within Mainland China (“Air-conditioners”);

                   (iii)   Household Clothing Solutions
                           •   the domestic washing machines segments manufactures and sells washing machines
                               within Mainland China (“Laundry Appliances”);

                   (iv)    Household Water Solutions
                           •   the domestic water appliances business segments manufactures and sells water
                               appliances within Mainland China (“Water Appliances”);

            (b)    Smart Home Business in Overseas
                   •       the overseas home appliances and smart home business segments manufacture and sells
                           home appliances and smart home appliances worldwide other than Mainland China (“Smart
                           Home Business Overseas”); and




214   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (c)   Other Business
           •     the others comprise business less than quantitative thresholds (“Other Business”). Such
                 Other Business includes, among other things, parts and components, small home
                 appliances and distribution services. The parts and components business primarily involves
                 procurement, manufacturing and sales of ancillary parts and components for home
                 appliances, and manufacturing and sales of moulds. Small home appliances business
                 primarily involves design, outsourced manufacturing and sales of various small home
                 appliances of our brands, to supplement our smart home solutions business. Distribution
                 services business primarily involves distribution of televisions, consumer electronic products
                 and others for Haier Group and other third parties, leveraging the Group’s extensive sales
                 network.

     (a)   All assets are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate assets (mainly
           comprising goodwill, interests in associates and cash and cash equivalents); and

     (b)   All liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than unallocated corporate liabilities (mainly
           comprising of interests-bearing borrowings).

     Inter-segment sales represent the goods and services provided between segments. Segment result has
     been derived after elimination of inter-segment cost changed between segments.

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:




                                                                          Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   215
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            2022

                                                                         Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                     Household     Household    Household
                                                              Household                      Air     Clothing       Water
                                                            Food Solutions            Solutions     Solutions    Solutions
                                                                                                                             Smart Home
                                                      Refrigerators/      Kitchen          Air-      Laundry         Water     Business       Other
                                                           Freezers    Appliances conditioners     Appliances   Appliances     Overseas    Business     Total
                                                             RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M


               Segment revenue
                 Segment revenue from external
                    customers                                39,010          3,114       28,384        27,076       13,542       124,704      7,655    243,485
                 Inter-segment revenue                        4,172            650        5,560         4,538          313           720     76,587     92,540


               Total                                         43,182          3,764       33,944        31,614       13,855       125,424     84,242    336,025

               Reconciliation:
               Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                              (92,540)


               Total                                                                                                                                   243,485


               Segments results                               3,785            68           868         3,069        1,713         6,250       (911)    14,842
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                                        45


                                                                                                                                                        14,887
               Corporate and other unallocated
                  income and gains or losses                                                                                                             2,609
               Corporate and other unallocated
                  expenses                                                                                                                                (293)
               Finance costs                                                                                                                              (995)
               Share of profits and losses of
                  associates                                                                                                                             1,582


               Profit before taxation                                                                                                                   17,790




216   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     2021 (Restated)

                                                                     Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                Household      Household      Household
                                                      Household                         Air      Clothing         Water
                                                    Food Solutions               Solutions      Solutions      Solutions
                                                                                                                           Smart Home
                                               Refrigerators/      Kitchen              Air-     Laundry           Water     Business      Other
                                                    Freezers    Appliances     conditioners    Appliances     Appliances     Overseas   Business      Total
                                                     RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M     RMB’M      RMB’M


      Segment revenue
        Segment revenue from external
           customers                                 36,842            3,013        27,409        25,917         12,479       113,090     8,331     227,081
        Inter-segment revenue                         4,888              482         4,780         4,742            222           635    83,377      99,126


      Total                                          41,730            3,495        32,189        30,659         12,701       113,725    91,708     326,207

      Reconciliation:
      Inter-segment eliminations                                                                                                                    (99,126)


      Total                                                                                                                                         227,081


      Segments results                                 2,976             53             245         2,707         1,458         5,926       (205)    13,160
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of inter-segment results                                                                                                              44


                                                                                                                                                     13,204
      Corporate and other unallocated income
         and gains or losses                                                                                                                          1,819
      Corporate and other unallocated
         expenses                                                                                                                                      (260)
      Finance costs                                                                                                                                    (714)
      Share of profits and losses of
         associates                                                                                                                                   1,888


      Profit before taxation                                                                                                                         15,937




                                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022      217
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            2022

                                                                       Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                   Household     Household    Household
                                                            Household                      Air     Clothing       Water
                                                          Food Solutions            Solutions     Solutions    Solutions
                                                                                                                           Smart Home
                                                    Refrigerators/      Kitchen          Air-      Laundry         Water     Business      Other
                                                         Freezers    Appliances conditioners     Appliances   Appliances     Overseas   Business    Total
                                                           RMB’M        RMB’M       RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


               Segment assets                              14,577          2,327       15,102        14,157        6,504       64,106     46,120   162,893
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of segment assets                                                                                                       (43,670)
               Goodwill                                                                                                                             23,644
               Interests in associates                                                                                                              24,528
               Equity investments designated at
                  FVTOCI                                                                                                                             5,852
               Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                   1,722
               Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                                      520
               Financial assets measured at
                  amortised cost                                                                                                                     2,981
               Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                        183
               Pledged deposits                                                                                                                        665
               Other deposits with limited use                                                                                                         105
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                            53,369
               Other receivables                                                                                                                     3,051


               Total assets                                                                                                                        235,843


               Segment liabilities                         34,826          1,674       11,710         8,711        5,287       34,786     56,007   153,001
               Reconciliation:
               Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                                  (43,437)
               Tax payable                                                                                                                           1,703
               Other payable                                                                                                                         1,171
               Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                        122
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                                          26,112
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                              2,359
               Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                            98


               Total liabilities                                                                                                                   141,129




218   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     2021 (Restated)

                                                                     Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                Household      Household      Household
                                                      Household                         Air      Clothing         Water
                                                    Food Solutions               Solutions      Solutions      Solutions
                                                                                                                           Smart Home
                                               Refrigerators/      Kitchen              Air-     Laundry           Water     Business      Other
                                                    Freezers    Appliances     conditioners    Appliances     Appliances     Overseas   Business     Total
                                                     RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


      Segment assets                                 17,849            2,548        17,958        20,920          8,407        57,368    51,127    176,177
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment assets                                                                                                                (63,373)
      Goodwill                                                                                                                                      21,827
      Interests in associates                                                                                                                       23,201
      Equity investments designated at
         FVTOCI                                                                                                                                      4,852
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                            1,857
      Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                                                             2,786
      Financial assets measured at amortised
         cost                                                                                                                                          626
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                  80
      Pledged deposits                                                                                                                                 755
      Other deposits with limited use                                                                                                                  145
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                     45,198
      Other receivables                                                                                                                              3,610


      Total assets                                                                                                                                 217,741


      Segment liabilities                            42,593            2,371        15,600        11,249          7,866        33,822    59,750    173,251
      Reconciliation:
      Elimination of segment liabilities                                                                                                           (63,106)
      Tax payable                                                                                                                                    1,309
      Other payable                                                                                                                                  1,314
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                  80
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                                                                                     6
      Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                                                                   21,043
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                       2,122
      Convertible bond                                                                                                                                 335
      Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                                    112


      Total liabilities                                                                                                                            136,466




                                                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022     219
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            2022

                                                                           Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                        Household      Household      Household
                                                               Household                        Air      Clothing         Water
                                                             Food Solutions              Solutions      Solutions      Solutions
                                                                                                                                     Smart Home
                                                       Refrigerators/       Kitchen          Air-        Laundry           Water       Business      Other
                                                            Freezers     Appliances conditioners       Appliances     Appliances       Overseas   Business     Total
                                                              RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M             RMB’M          RMB’M           RMB’M     RMB’M      RMB’M


               Other segment information:
               Product warranty provisions                      1,567            118            965          1,211           625          1,459         —      5,945
               Provision for obsolete and
                  slow-moving inventories, net                    269             49            226           155             80            324        42      1,145
               (Reversal of)/allowance for expected
                  credit losses in respect of trade
                  and bills receivable, net                       (18)            15            275             —              (5)          104        48        419
               Allowance for expected credit losses
                  in respect of prepayments,
                  deposits and other receivables and
                  long term prepayments, net                      163              9            112             —             —               8          1       293
               (Gain)/loss on disposal of
                  non-current assets, net                         (98)             —             11             —              1             25       (121)     (182)
               Depreciation and amortisation                      723            158            401           510            237          3,715        302     6,046


            2021 (Restated)


                                                                              Smart Home Business in China
                                                                                         Household      Household      Household
                                                               Household                         Air      Clothing         Water
                                                             Food Solutions               Solutions      Solutions      Solutions
                                                                                                                                     Smart Home
                                                        Refrigerators/       Kitchen            Air-      Laundry           Water      Business      Other
                                                             Freezers     Appliances   conditioners     Appliances     Appliances      Overseas   Business      Total
                                                              RMB’M          RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M     RMB’M      RMB’M


               Other segment information:
               Product warranty provisions                      1,422            109            889          1,075           620          1,365         —      5,480
               Provision for obsolete and
                  slow-moving inventories, net                    222             39            171           142             87            244       153      1,058
               Allowance for expected credit loss in
                  respect of trade and bills
                  receivable, net                                   3             10            245             1              7             54        98        418
               Allowance for/(reversal of) expected
                  credit losses in respect of
                  prepayments, deposits and other
                  receivables and long term
                  prepayments, net                                204              9             22            50             44            103         (4)      428
               (Gain)/loss on disposal of
                  non-current assets, net                        (109)             —              5             (1)            1             15         (1)       (90)
               Depreciation and amortisation                      572            139            400           448            244          3,019       240      5,062




220   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Geographical information
     (a)   Revenue from external customers


                                                                                   2022                   2021
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


            Mainland China                                                       116,726                111,842
            North America                                                         76,630                 70,277
            Europe                                                                23,031                 19,737
            South Asia                                                             8,284                  7,138
            Australia and New Zealand                                              6,962                  7,012
            Southeast Asia                                                         5,180                  4,740
            Japan                                                                  3,569                  3,491
            Middle East and Africa                                                 1,970                  1,479
            Other countries/regions                                                1,133                  1,365


                                                                                 243,485                227,081


           The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

           The revenue related to sales to overseas is subject to relevant tax at corresponding jurisdictions,
           if any.

     (b)   Non-current assets


                                                                                   2022                   2021
                                                                                 RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                     (Restated)


            Mainland China                                                        20,695                 16,879
            Other countries/regions                                               29,019                 25,209


                                                                                  49,714                 42,088
            Interests in associates                                               24,528                 23,201
            Goodwill                                                              23,644                 21,827
            Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                5,852                  4,852
            Deferred tax assets                                                    1,722                  1,857


                                                                                 105,460                 93,825




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   221
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            Geographical information (continued)
            (b)    Non-current assets (continued)
                   The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes
                   interests in associates, goodwill, equity investments designated at FVTOCI and deferred tax
                   assets.

            Information about major customers
            No single customer of the Group contributed 10% or more to the total revenue of the Group during
            the years ended 2022 and 2021.

      5.    REVENUE, OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES
            An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


               Sale of goods                                                         243,209             226,742
               Rendering of services                                                     276                 339


                                                                                     243,485             227,081


                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                      RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


               Sale of goods
               — Point in time                                                       243,209             226,742
               Rendering of service
               — Point in time                                                            107                177
               — Over time                                                                169                162


                                                                                     243,485             227,081


            All revenue contracts are for a period of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction
            price allocated to unsatisfied or partially satisfied contracts is not disclosed.

            Information about the Group’s performance obligations under IFRS 15 is summarised below:




222   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   REVENUE, OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES (continued)
     Sale of goods
     The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of goods and payment is generally due within 30
     to 90 days from delivery, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required.
     Some contracts provide customers with a right of return and volume rebates which give rise to variable
     consideration subject to constraint.

     Rendering of services
     The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at point in time as services are rendered or when
     the customer obtains control of the distinct services and payment is generally due within 30 to 90
     days from customers. Service contracts are for periods of one year or less, or are billed based on the
     time incurred.

     An analysis of other gains or losses is as follows:

                                                                                    2022                   2021
                                                                                  RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                      (Restated)


      Treasury and investment income:

      Interest income from
         Bank                                                                          826                    539
         Wealth management products                                                     93                     60
         Other                                                                          30                     27
      Purchase payment discounts                                                       143                    163
      Dividend income from equity investment designated at
         FVTOCI                                                                         32                     59


                                                                                    1,124                     848
      Compensation received from suppliers                                             47                      37
      Gain on disposal of
        Non-current assets, net                                                       182                      90
        Financial assets/liabilities measured at FVTPL, net                            99                     393
        Subsidiaries                                                                   27                       5
      Government grants (Note (a))                                                  1,070                     959
      Rental income from investment properties (Note (b))                              29                      25
      Net fair value (loss)/gain on financial assets/liabilities
        measured at FVTPL                                                             (122)                   119
      Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                                 371                   (577)
      Sundry income                                                                     85                    160


                                                                                    2,912                   2,059




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   223
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.    REVENUE, OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES (continued)
            Rendering of services (continued)
            Notes:


            (a)      Various government grants have been received for investments in certain regions in Mainland China in which the Company’s
                     subsidiaries operate as well as for the Group’s technology advancements. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
                     contingencies relating to these grants.


            (b)      The rental income from investment properties less direct outgoings for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 amounted
                     to approximately RMB14 million and RMB12 million respectively.


      6.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX
            Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                            2022                    2021
                                                                                                          RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                               (Restated)


                  Cost of inventories sold                                                               167,562                 156,214
                  Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories, net
                    (Note (a))                                                                              1,145                   1,058
                  Cost of services                                                                            212                     256


                                                                                                         168,919                 157,528


                  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                             4,026                   3,434
                  Depreciation of right-of-use assets and investment properties                               928                     761
                  Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                   1,044                     830
                  Amortisation of other non-current assets                                                     48                      37


                                                                                                            6,046                   5,062


                  Employee benefit expense: (including directors’, chief
                   executive and supervisors’ remuneration — Note 8):
                   Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind                                      25,948                  23,802
                   Pension scheme contributions                                                             1,664                   1,597
                   Equity-settled share-based expense                                                         912                     262


                                                                                                           28,524                  25,661




224   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX (continued)
     Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging/(crediting) (continued):

                                                                                                         2022                 2021
                                                                                                       RMB’M               RMB’M
                                                                                                                         (Restated)


           Impairment of trade and bills receivables, net (Note (b))                                      419                    418
           Impairment of prepayments, deposits and other receivables
             and long term prepayments, net (Note (b))                                                    293                    428
           Impairment of property, plant and equipment, interest in
             associates, other intangible assets and contract assets
             (Note (b))                                                                                    74                     34


                                                                                                          786                    880


           Research and development costs                                                               9,499                  8,364
           Auditors’ remuneration                                                                          13                     14
           Expenses relating to short-term leases and low value leases                                    194                    200
           Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of
             lease liabilities                                                                            163                    361
           Product warranty provisions                                                                  5,945                  5,480
           Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                              (371)                   577
           Gain on disposal/write-off of non-current assets, net                                         (182)                    (90)

     Notes:

     (a)      The net provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories for the year is included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated
              statement of profit or loss.


     (b)      Included in “Administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   225
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      7.    FINANCE COSTS
            An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                         2022                   2021
                                                                                                       RMB’M                   RMB’M


               Interest on borrowings                                                                       603                     368
               Interest on bond                                                                              —                        7
               Interest on convertible bond                                                                   6                      50
               Interest on lease liabilities                                                                 97                     113
               Other finance costs                                                                          289                     176


                                                                                                            995                     714


      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION
            Directors’, chief executive’s and supervisors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the
            Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
            the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                        2022                    2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000


               Fees                                                                                       2,182                  1,689


               Other emoluments:
                 Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                               2,998                   2,971
                 Discretionary bonuses                                                                   3,172                   4,500
                 Equity-settled share-based expense (Note)                                              21,264                  58,787
                 Pension scheme contributions                                                              628                     577


                                                                                                        28,062                  66,835


                                                                                                        30,244                  68,524

            Note:


            During the year, certain directors were granted share award/options, in respect of their services to the Group under the share
            award/option of the Company. Details of the share award/option are set out in director’s report and note 37 to the consolidated
            financial statements.




226   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (a)   Independent non-executive directors
           The remuneration of independent non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December
           2022 and 2021 is as follows:

           2022


                                                    Salaries,
                                                 allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                         Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


            CHIEN Da-chun                 306              —               —                —               —         306
            WONG Hak Kun                  306              —               —                —               —         306
            LI Shipeng                    306              —               —                —               —         306
            WU Qi                         306              —               —                —               —         306


                                        1,224              —               —                —               —       1,224


           2021


                                                     Salaries,
                                                  allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                 and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                         Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                             Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


            DAI Deming         (i)        138              —               —                —               —         138
            CHIEN Da-chun                 225              —               —                —               —         225
            WONG Hak Kun                  225              —               —                —               —         225
            LI Shipeng        (ii)        188              —               —                —               —         188
            WU Qi             (iii)        87              —               —                —               —          87


                                          863              —               —                —               —         863




                                                                             Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   227
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (b)    Executive directors and the chief executive
                   The remuneration of executive directors and the chief executive during the years ended
                   31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                   2022


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                                         Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                             Notes    RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


                      LIANG Haishan           (iv)         —              484             287            4,648              68       5,487
                      LI Huagang
                         (chief executive)    (v)          —              900           1,562            8,078             138      10,678
                      GONG Wei                (vi)         —              650             776            4,560             138       6,124
                      Xie Juzhi               (vii)        —              364             457            3,013              68       3,902


                                                           —            2,398           3,082          20,299              412      26,191


                   2021


                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                 and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                         Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                             Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                      LIANG Haishan                        —              967           1,628          35,150              127      37,872
                      LI Huagang                           —              736           1,507           3,861              126       6,230
                      Xie Juzhi               (vii)        —              728           1,227           2,094              130       4,179


                                                           —            2,431           4,362          41,105              383      48,281




228   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (c)   Non-executive directors
           The remuneration of non-executive directors during the years ended 31 December 2022 and
           2021 are as follows:

           2022


                                                      Salaries,
                                                   allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                  and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                           Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                               Notes    RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


            SHAO Xinzhi        (viii)        —               —               —                —               —           —
            WU Changqi                      173              —               —                —               —         173
            LIN Sui                         173              —               —                —               —         173
            YU Hon To, David                306              —               —                —               —         306
            Eva LI Kam Fun                  306              —               —                —               —         306


                                            958              —               —                —               —         958


           2021


                                                       Salaries,
                                                    allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                   and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                           Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                               Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


            TAN Lixia           (ix)         —               —               —           16,107               —       16,107
            WU Changqi                      225              —               —               —                —          225
            LIN Sui                         225              —               —               —                —          225
            YU Hon To, David    (x)         188              —               —               —                —          188
            Eva LI Kam Fun      (xi)        188              —               —               —                —         188


                                            826              —               —           16,107               —       16,933




                                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   229
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      8.    DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
            REMUNERATION (continued)
            (d)    Supervisors
                   The remuneration of supervisors during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as
                   follows:

                   2022


                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                 allowances                Equity-settled             Pension
                                                                and benefits Discretionary share-based                scheme
                                                         Fees       in kind         bonuses          expense contributions          Total
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000


                      YU Miao                              —              350              13              125              98        586
                      LIU Dalin                            —               —               —               680              —         680
                      MA Yingjie                           —              250              77              160             118        605


                                                           —              600              90              965             216       1,871


                   2021


                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                     Equity-settled        Pension
                                                                 and benefits    Discretionary    share-based          scheme
                                                         Fees         in kind        bonuses          expense     contributions      Total
                                            Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                      WANG Peihua            (xii)         —               —               —               694              —         694
                      MING Guoqing           (xiii)        —               —               —               453              —         453
                      YU Miao                              —              290              46               45              85        466
                      LIU Dalin              (xiv)         —               —               —               228              —         228
                      MA Yingjie             (xv)          —              250              92              155             109        606


                                                           —              540             138            1,575             194       2,447




230   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




8.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND SUPERVISORS’
     REMUNERATION (continued)
     (d)   Supervisors (continued)
           Notes:


           (i)      DAI Deming resigned on 25 June 2021.


           (ii)     LI Shipeng appointed on 5 March 2021.


           (iii)    WU Qi appointed on 25 June 2021.


           (iv)     LIANG Haishan resigned on 28 June 2022.


           (v)      LI Huagang appointed as chief executive on 28 June 2022.


           (vi)     GONG Wei appointed on 28 June 2022.


           (vii)    XIE Juzhi appointed on 5 March 2021 and resigned on 28 June 2022.


           (viii)   SHAO Xinzhi appointed on 28 June 2022.


           (ix)     TAN Lixia resigned on 31 March 2021.


           (x)      YU Hon To, David appointed on 5 March 2021.


           (xi)     Eva LI Kam Fun appointed on 5 March 2021.


           (xii)    WANG Peihua resigned on 25 June 2021.


           (xiii)   MING Guoqing resigned on 25 June 2021.


           (xiv)    LIU Dalin appointed on 25 June 2021.

           (xv)     MA Yingjie appointed on 25 June 2021.


     There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive
     any remuneration during the year.




                                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   231
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      9.    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
            The five highest paid employees during the year included one director, which is the chief executive
            (2021: two directors and one of which is the chief executive), details of whose remuneration are set
            out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2021: three)
            highest paid non-director employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are
            as follows:

                                                                                      2022                2021
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


               Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                              17,262             14,840
               Discretionary bonuses                                                   1,083              1,096
               Equity-settled share-based expense                                     24,978              9,351
               Pension scheme contributions                                              549                380


                                                                                      43,872             25,667


            The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell
            within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                   Number of employees
                                                                                      2022             2021


               HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                —                  2
               HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                1                  —
               HK$9,000,001 to HK$9,500,000                                                1                  —
               HK$15,000,001 to HK$15,500,000                                              1                  —
               HK$17,500,001 to HK$18,000,000                                              —                  1
               HK$18,000,001 to HK$18,500,000                                               1                 —


               Total                                                                        4                 3


            For share award/option were granted to these non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
            employees in respect of their services to the Group under the share award/option scheme of the
            Group. The fair values of share award/option, which have been recognised in the statement of profit or
            loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the
            consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are included in the
            above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.




232   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
                                                                                2022                   2021
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Current tax
    Charge for the year                                                         2,752                   2,508
    Deferred tax (Note 35)                                                        306                     197


    Total tax charge for the year                                               3,058                   2,705


   Under the Law of the Mainland China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
   Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the Mainland China subsidiaries is 25%. Certain subsidiaries
   of the Group in the Mainland of China were approved as High and New Technology Enterprise subject
   to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% during the years ended 31 December 2022 and
   2021.

   Overseas tax is calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation
   prevailing in the respective jurisdictions.

   A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the
   jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax
   expense at the effective tax rates is as follows:

                                                                                2022                   2021
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Profit before tax                                                          17,790                 15,937


    Tax at the statutory tax rate                                               4,447                   3,984
    Lower tax rates enacted by local authorities                                 (832)                   (495)
    Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                    (215)                   (180)
    Tax effect of share of profits or losses to associates                       (308)                   (376)
    Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                             (185)                   (158)
    Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                         199                     271
    Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                            226                    (166)
    Other amounts                                                                (274)                   (175)


    Total tax charge for the year                                               3,058                   2,705




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   233
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      11. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                          2022                   2021
                                                                                                        RMB’M                   RMB’M


                Proposed final dividend                                                                   5,298                   4,320


                Dividend paid during the year                                                             4,297                   3,411


                                                                                                           2022                    2021
                                                                                                           RMB                     RMB


                Dividend proposed per share*                                                              0.566                     0.46

            *      The amount represents RMB5.66 for every 10 shares in 2022 (2021: RMB4.6 for every 10 shares). With regards to the payment
                   of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2021, as the total share capital of the Company changed before the
                   registration date on 18 July 2022 and the Company maintained the total distribution of RMB4,320 million (tax inclusive)
                   unchanged, the Company adjusted the distribution ratio per share from RMB4.60 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares to
                   RMB4.61357 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares accordingly.


      12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
          HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
            The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for year attributable to
            Owners of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the
            year, as adjusted to exclude the repurchased share.

            The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
            to owners of the Company, adjusted to reflect the interest and effect of the convertible bond. The
            weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares
            in issue during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, as used in the basic earnings per share
            calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no
            consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into
            ordinary shares.

            The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                          2022                    2021
                                                                                                        RMB’M                  RMB’M
                                                                                                                             (Restated)


                Earnings
                Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company
                   used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                      14,711                  13,079
                Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
                Interest on convertible bond, net of tax                                                        6                     50


                Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share                                   14,717                  13,129




234   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY (continued)
   The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                            2022                   2021


     Number of shares

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
       of calculating basic earnings per share                                   9,316,804,514          9,275,992,161
     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
       Convertible bond                                                              12,499,928           107,788,092
       Share award                                                                   44,188,061            14,253,946
       Share options                                                                  1,513,588               966,956


     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
      the year used in the diluted earnings per share calculation                9,375,006,091          9,399,001,155

   Note:


   The weighted average number of ordinary shares as above are adjusted by the number of shares that would have been issued
   assuming the conversion of convertible bond, share award and share options.


13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)     During the year, in addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these consolidated financial
           statements, the Group had the following material transactions with the Group’s related parties
           (and their affiliates):

                                                                                           2022                   2021
            Relationship            Nature of transactions                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                             (Restated)


            Associates              Sale of goods and services                             1,889                  1,631
                                    Purchase of goods and services                        16,766                 19,107
                                    Interest income                                          570                    340
                                    Interest expenses                                          5                      8


            Haier                   Sale of goods and services                             1,615                  1,707
            Affiliates              Purchase of goods and services                        21,123                 20,870
              (Note (i))            Other service fee expenses                                97                    113




                                                                               Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   235
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a)    (continued)
                   The above transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually
                   agreed by the parties involved.

                   Note:

                   (i)       Haier Affiliates include Haier Group’s associates and subsidiaries and its respective associates.


            (b)    Compensation of key management personnel (including the directors, chief executive and
                   supervisors of the Company) of the Group.

                                                                                                               2022                 2021
                                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


                         Short term employee benefits                                                           19,545            18,089
                         Post-employment benefits                                                                1,750             1,441
                         Share-based payment                                                                    61,020            79,336


                         Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                    82,315            98,866

                   Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 8 to
                   consolidated financial statements.

                   The number of non-director and non-chief executive key management personnel whose
                   remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                                       Number of key management
                                                                                                               personnel
                                                                                                             2022           2021


                         Number of individuals within the band of
                         HK$1,000,001 — HK$1,500,000                                                                  1               —
                         HK$2,000,001 — HK$2,500,000                                                                  1               —
                         HK$2,500,001 — HK$3,000,000                                                                  —               1
                         HK$3,000,001 — HK$3,500,000                                                                  —               2
                         HK$3,500,001 — HK$4,000,000                                                                  1               1
                         HK$4,500,001 — HK$5,000,000                                                                  1               1
                         HK$5,000,001 — HK$5,500,000                                                                  —               1
                         HK$5,500,001 — HK$6,000,000                                                                  1               —
                         HK$6,000,001 — HK$6,500,000                                                                  1               —
                         HK$6,500,001 — HK$7,000,000                                                                  3               2
                         HK$7,500,001 — HK$8,000,000                                                                  1               —
                         HK$8,000,001 — HK$8,500,000                                                                  1               —


                         Total                                                                                       11                8




236   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (c)   The Group had the following balances with its related parties as at 31 December 2022 and 2021:

                                                                                  2022                   2021
                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                    (Restated)


               Balance due from related parties:
               Trade related
               — Associates                                                       1,314                     872
               — Haier Affiliates                                                 1,321                   1,016


                                                                                  2,635                   1,888


               Balance due to related parties:
               Trade related
               — Associates                                                       1,557                   1,546
               — Haier Affiliates                                                 4,674                   5,448


                                                                                  6,231                   6,994


   (d)   Guarantee
         The Group’s loans are guaranteed by:

         (i)      Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company provide a guarantee over the loan
                  with outstanding amount of approximately RMB60 million as at 31 December 2022 (2021:
                  RMB305 million); and

   (e)   For the transactions constituting connected transactions under Listing Rules, please refer to
         “Connected Transactions” under “Report of the Directors”.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   237
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                      Furniture
                                                        Land and        Leasehold Machinery and                    fixture and    Construction
                                                        buildings     improvement    equipment Motor vehicles     equipments       in progress     Total
                                                          RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M            RMB’M           RMB’M      RMB’M


               Cost:
               As at 1 January 2021                         9,751             564        23,663           151            2,389           3,611    40,129
               Additions                                       91             377         1,006             5              115           5,014     6,608
               Disposal of subsidiaries                        —               —              (7)          —                —               —          (7)
               Disposals/write-off                             (56)           (13)         (872)          (12)            (200)             —     (1,153)
               Transfer from construction in progress       1,413              —          2,382            18              456          (4,269)        —
               Exchange realignment                          (257)             (4)         (375)            (1)           (143)           (172)     (952)


               As at 31 December 2021 and
                  1 January 2022 (Restated)                10,942             924        25,797           161            2,617           4,184    44,625
               Additions                                      102             469         1,188             2              146           6,026     7,933
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                      1              —              1            —                 1              —           3
               Disposal of subsidiaries                        —               —             —             (1)              —               —         (1)
               Disposals/write-off                            (46)             (3)         (629)           (9)            (170)             —      (857)
               Transfer from construction in progress       2,891              —          2,743            21              589          (6,244)        —
               Exchange realignment                           336               6         1,447             1              180             129     2,099


               As at 31 December 2022                      14,226           1,396        30,547           175            3,363           4,095    53,802


               Accumulated depreciation and
                   impairment:
               As at 1 January 2021                         3,136             222        10,895            81              945              1     15,280
               Depreciation provided for the year             493             221         2,309            19              392              —      3,434
               Eliminated on disposal of subsidiaries          —               —               (6)         —                —               —          (6)
               Disposals/write-off                            (26)            (13)         (648)          (10)            (148)             —       (845)
               Impairment provided for the year                —               —                4          —                —               —           4
               Exchange realignment                           (62)             (3)           (80)          —               (79)             —       (224)


               As at 31 December 2021 and
                  1 January 2022 (Restated)                 3,541             427        12,474            90            1,110              1     17,643
               Depreciation provided for the year             543             363         2,588            20              512              —      4,026
               Disposal of subsidiaries                        —               —             —             (1)              —               —         (1)
               Disposals/write-off                            (23)             (3)         (493)           (9)             (87)             —      (615)
               Impairment provided for the year                —               —              2            —                 1              —           3
               Exchange realignment                            95               3           704             1               86              —        889


               As at 31 December 2022                       4,156             790        15,275           101            1,622               1    21,945


               Carrying amounts
               As at 31 December 2022                      10,070             606        15,272            74            1,741           4,094    31,857


               As at 31 December 2021 (Restated)            7,401             497        13,323            71            1,507           4,183    26,982




238   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
   At 31 December 2022, the Group was still in the process of obtaining ownership certificates for certain
   land and buildings it owns, the net book value of which was RMB2,037 million (2021: RMB274 million).
   At the same date, certain of these land and buildings with net book value of RMB1,884 million had
   been put into use as, in the opinion of the directors, the Group can legally occupy and operate these
   properties while the related ownership certificates are being processed.

15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                     RMB’M


    Cost:
    As at 1 January 2021                                                                                    49
    Disposals                                                                                              (12)
    Exchange realignment                                                                                     (1)


    As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                              36
    Exchange realignment                                                                                    3


    As at 31 December 2022                                                                                 39


    Accumulated depreciation:
    As at 1 January 2021                                                                                    21
    Depreciation provided for the year                                                                       1
    Disposals                                                                                              (11)


    As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                              11
    Depreciation provided for the year                                                                      1
    Exchange realignment                                                                                    1


    As at 31 December 2022                                                                                 13


    Carrying amounts
    As at 31 December 2022                                                                                 26


    As at 31 December 2021                                                                                 25


   The Group’s investment properties consist of one commercial property in Hong Kong and two
   industrial properties in Mainland China as at 31 December 2022 (2021: one commercial property in
   Hong Kong and two industrial properties in Mainland China).




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   239
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
            The fair value of the Group’s investment properties as at 31 December 2022 has been arrived at on
            the basis of a valuation carried out on the respective dates by Shanghai Orient Appraisal Co. Ltd.,
            independent qualified professional valuers not connected to the Group.

            The valuation technique is the income approach and the significant inputs used in the fair value
            measurement are the estimated rental value, rent growth and discount rate for investment properties in
            Hong Kong.

            The fair value of the industrial properties in Mainland China was determined based on the income
            approach, where the market rentals of all lettable units of the properties are assessed and discounted
            at the market yield expected by investors for this type of properties. The market rentals are assessed
            by reference to the rentals achieved in the lettable units of the properties as well as other lettings of
            similar properties in the neighbourhood. The discount rate is determined by reference to the yields
            derived from analysing the sales transactions of similar commercial properties in Mainland China and
            adjusted to take into account the market expectation form property investors to reflect factors specific
            to the Group’s investment properties. There has been no change from the valuation technique used in
            the prior year.

            Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at the
            end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                     2022                          2021
                                                                            Fair value                    Fair value
                                                              Carrying      at Level 3      Carrying      at Level 3
                                                               amount        hierarchy      amount         hierarchy
                                                               RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M


               Investment properties in Hong Kong                    17            19             16             26
               Investment properties outside Hong Kong                9            29              9             28


            The above investment properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per
            annum:

            Investment property                                                                        1.9% to 5.0%




240   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




16. LEASES
   The Group as a leasee
   The Group has lease contracts for various items of land use rights, buildings, machinery and
   equipment, furniture, fixtures and equipment and motor vehicles used in its operations. Lump sum
   payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 50
   years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of
   buildings and plant and machinery generally have lease terms between one and ten years, while
   machinery and equipment, furniture, fixtures and equipment and motor vehicles generally have lease
   terms of twelve months or less and/or are individually of low value.

   (a)   Right-of-use assets
         The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are
         as follows:


                                                                                                  Furniture,
                                                  Prepaid                Machinery                  fixtures
                                               land lease      Land and        and        Motor          and
                                                payments        building equipment      vehicles equipment        Total
                                                  RMB’M          RMB’M      RMB’M        RMB’M      RMB’M        RMB’M


          As at 1 January 2021                      1,061         2,478         27           105        230         3,901
          Additions                                   111           592          6            58         96           863
          Disposals                                    (38)          (63)       —             —          —           (101)
          Depreciation provided for the year           (76)        (533)       (13)          (53)        (85)        (760)
          Exchange realignment                           (6)         (96)        4             (9)       (10)        (117)



          As at 31 December 2021 and
             1 January 2022 (Restated)              1,052         2,378         24           101        231         3,786
          Additions                                   350         1,644          7            44        158         2,203
          Disposals                                    —            (43)        —             (2)        —            (45)
          Depreciation provided for the year           (32)        (723)        (7)          (63)       (102)        (927)
          Exchange realignment                           1          134         (6)            8          12          149


          As at 31 December 2022                    1,371         3,390         18            88        299         5,166




                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   241
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      16. LEASES (continued)
            The Group as a lease (continued)
            (b)    Lease liabilities
                   The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                         RMB’M
                                                                                                       (Restated)


                      Carrying amount as at 1 January 2021                                                  2,744
                      New leases                                                                              752
                      Interest expenses recognised during the year                                            113
                      Payments                                                                               (770)
                      Early Termination                                                                        (88)
                      Exchange realignment                                                                   (102)


                      Carrying amount as at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                             2,649
                      New leases                                                                            1,853
                      Interest expenses recognised during the year                                             97
                      Payments                                                                               (959)
                      Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                 (1)
                      Early Termination                                                                       (77)
                      Exchange realignment                                                                    165


                      Carrying amount as at 31 December 2022                                                3,727


                      Analysed into:
                      As at 31 December 2022
                      Current portion                                                                         903
                      Non-current portion                                                                   2,824


                                                                                                            3,727


                      As at 31 December 2021 (Restated)
                      Current portion                                                                         688
                      Non-current portion                                                                   1,961


                                                                                                            2,649


                   The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 45 to consolidated financial
                   statements.




242   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




16. LEASES (continued)
   The Group as a lease (continued)
   (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                 2022                   2021
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Interest on lease liabilities                                              97                    113
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                895                    684
          Expense relating to:
             Short- term leases                                                     182                    190
             Lease of low value assets                                               12                     10
             Variable lease payments not included in the
               measurement of lease liabilities                                     163                    361


          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                              1,349                   1,358

   (d)   The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 39(c) to consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                 2022                   2021
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Lease liabilities payable:

          Within one year                                                        1,023                     726
          Within a period of more than one year but not
           exceeding two years                                                      837                    550
          Within a period more than two years but not exceeding
           five years                                                            1,357                     945
          Within a period of more than five years                                  872                     780


          Total minimum lease payment                                            4,089                   3,001
          Less: total future interest expenses                                    (362)                   (352)


                                                                                 3,727                   2,649
          Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months
                 shown under current liabilities                                   (903)                  (688)


          Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown
           under non-current liabilities                                         2,824                   1,961

         The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 0.01%
         to 12.28% (2021: 0.01% to 10.12%).




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   243
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      16. LEASES (continued)
            The Group as a lessor
            The Group leases its investment properties (Note 15) consisting of one commercial property in Hong
            Kong and two industrial properties in Dalian, the Mainland China, under operating lease arrangements
            as at 31 December 2022 (2021: one commercial property in Hong Kong and two industrial properties
            in Dalian, the Mainland China,). Rental income recognised by the Group was approximately RMB29
            million (2021: RMB25 million) for the years ended 31 December 2022, details of which are included in
            note 5 to consolidated financial statements.

            At the end of the reporting period, the undiscounted lease payments receivables by the Group in
            future periods under non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                   RMB’M               RMB’M


               Within one year                                                            3                20
               In the second to fifth years, inclusive                                   11                11
               After five years                                                          —                  3


                                                                                         14                34


      17. GOODWILL
                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                   RMB’M               RMB’M


               Cost:
               At 1 January                                                         21,827             22,518
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                              14                 —
               Exchange realignment                                                  1,803                (691)


               At 31 December                                                       23,644             21,827


               Net carrying amount                                                  23,644             21,827




244   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




17. GOODWILL (continued)
   Goodwill acquired through business combinations are allocated to the following cash-generating units
   for impairment testing:

   Smart Home Business Overseas segment:

   •      GE Appliances;

   •      Haier New Zealand Investment Holding Company Limited (“HNZ”); and

   •      Candy S.p.A (“Candy”)

   Other business segment:

   •      Qingdao Gooday Lejia IOT Technology Co., Ltd. (“Lejia IOT”)

   The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that
   goodwill might be impaired.

   The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the cash-generating units is as follows:

                                                                                              2022                  2021
                                                                                            RMB’M                  RMB’M


       GE Appliances (Note)                                                                  20,696                 18,939
       HNZ (Note)                                                                               478                    471
       Candy (Note)                                                                           1,930                  1,877
       Lejia IOT (Note)                                                                         448                    448
       Other                                                                                     92                     92


       Net carrying amount                                                                   23,644                 21,827

   Note: The recoverable amounts of GE Appliances, HNZ, Candy and Lejia IOT have been determined by using cash flow projections
         based on financial budgets approved by senior management.


   Assumptions were used in the value-in-use or fair value less cost of disposal calculation of the above
   cash-generating units as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 and the valuation technique is the
   discounted cash flow method under income approach. The following describes each key assumption
   on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of
   goodwill. The annual growth rates of each CGUs are based on the relevant industry growth forecasts.
   The estimation is based on the unit’s past performance and management’s expectations for the
   market development.




                                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022    245
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      17. GOODWILL (continued)
            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable and headroom amount of GE Appliances are
            as follows:


                                                                                              Recoverable     Headroom
                                                        Pre-tax       Annual       Terminal        amount         amount
                                                  discount rate   growth rate   growth rate    (in million)   (in million)


               As at 31 December 2022                   11.69%         2.29%            2%     RMB54,701      RMB20,083


               As at 31 December 2021                   10.78%            3%            2%     RMB54,831      RMB22,987


            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable and headroom amount of HNZ are as
            follows:


                                                                                              Recoverable     Headroom
                                                        Pre-tax       Annual       Terminal        amount         amount
                                                  discount rate   growth rate   growth rate    (in million)   (in million)


               As at 31 December 2022                   16.25%          4.5%            2%      RMB3,220        RMB757


               As at 31 December 2021                   17.85%         4.36%            2%      RMB3,447         RMB874


            Key assumptions used in the calculation the recoverable and headroom amount of Candy are as
            follows:


                                                                                              Recoverable     Headroom
                                                        Pre-tax       Annual       Terminal        amount         amount
                                                  discount rate   growth rate   growth rate    (in million)   (in million)


               As at 31 December 2022                    10.2%         6.68%            2%      RMB8,525      RMB1,764


               As at 31 December 2021                    9.52%        15.54%            2%     RMB24,280      RMB18,692




246   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




17. GOODWILL (continued)
   Sensitivity analysis of the recoverable amount are disclosed as below:

                                                          GE Appliances                   HNZ                  Candy


     1% (increase)/decrease in pre-tax discount rate
       would result in recoverable amount
       (decrease)/increase by:

     31 December 2022 (in million):                    RMB(5,927)/7,357        RMB(303)/351       RMB(1,652)/2,250


     31 December 2021 (in million):                     RMB(6,376)/7,651        RMB(273)/318       RMB(3,495)/4,584


     1% increase/(decrease) in annual growth rate
       would result in recoverable amount
       increase/(decrease) by:

     31 December 2022 (in million):                    RMB8,676/(8,735)           RMB39/(39)          RMB465/(448)


     31 December 2021 (in million):                    RMB12,114/(12,114)          RMB46/(46)      RMB1,126/(1,089)


     1% increase/(decrease) in terminal growth rate
       would result in recoverable amount
       increase/(decrease) by:

     31 December 2022 (in million):                    RMB9,094/(6,875)        RMB231/(200)        RMB1,653/(1,218)


     31 December 2021 (in million):                     RMB4,909/(4,040)        RMB197/(174)       RMB4,870/(3,472)


   Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to similar
   industries and geographical locations.

   Annual growth rate — The basis used to determine the annual growth rate is the average growth rate
   achieved in the years immediately before the budget year, increased for expected market
   development.

   Terminal growth rate — The constant rate that the Company is expected to grow indefinitely.

   During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the impairment assessment is based on a
   valuation by an independent professional valuer. The directors and management have considered and
   assessed reasonably possible changes for key assumptions that there is no impairment loss and have
   not identified any instances that could cause the carrying amount exceed its recoverable amount.




                                                                            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   247
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                      Proprietary    Patents and                    Software &
                                                      technology        licences    Trademarks          Others         Total
                                                          RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M         RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2021                          971           3,447         2,714              1,826       8,958
               Additions                                     137             170            —                 511         818
               Disposals                                      —               —              (4)               (30)        (34)
               Amortisation provided for
                 the year                                    (152)          (124)           —                (554)       (830)
               Impairment loss                                 —              —             (30)               —           (30)
               Exchange realignment                           (50)           (74)         (204)               (55)       (383)


               As at 31 December 2021 and
                 1 January 2022 (Restated)                   906           3,419         2,476              1,698       8,499
               Additions                                     126              37            —                 965       1,128
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                    —               —             —                  10          10
               Disposals                                      —               (3)           —                  (4)         (7)
               Amortisation provided for
                 the year                                    (200)          (147)           —                (697)     (1,044)
               Exchange realignment                            36            323           107                 83         549


               As at 31 December 2022                        868           3,629         2,583              2,055       9,135


            The carrying amounts of trademarks allocated to each of cash generating units of the Group is
            estimated individually for impairment testing as follows:

                                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                                   RMB’M              RMB’M


               GE Appliances                                                                          662                606
               HNZ                                                                                    548                534
               Candy                                                                                1,373              1,336


               Net carrying amount                                                                  2,583              2,476




248   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
   The trademark held represented the exclusive right to use of registered trademarks, including Fisher &
   Paykel, DCS and ELBA for HNZ business. GE Appliances operates under several key brands, including
   General Electric series (all product lines), Monogram (refrigerator and cooking), and Hotpoint (laundry
   and cooking), etc. Candy business operates under several key brands, including Candy (mainly
   oriented to the low-to-mid-end kitchen and bathroom appliances) and Hoover (mainly oriented to the
   mid-to-high-end kitchen and bathroom appliances and the floor care appliances).

   In estimating the fair value of trademark, a variation of the income approach, the Relief from Royalty
   (“RfR”) Method, was applied. In the RfR method, the fair value of the intangible asset is estimated to
   be the present value of the royalties saved because the Company owns the intangible asset. In other
   words, the owner of the intangible asset realises a benefit from owning the intangible asset rather than
   pay a rent or royalty for the use of the intangible asset.

   Set out below are details of the value of inputs used in the value-in-use calculation under IAS 36. The
   calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management, and key
   parameters adopted by the valuer for performing the impairment assessment of the intangible assets
   belong to GE Appliances, HNZ and Candy, being the cash generating unit of the Group with indefinite
   useful lives (i.e. trademark) as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                 GE Appliances                    HNZ                   Candy

             Key Parameters on valuation:
    (a)      Annual growth rate
             31 December 2022:                            2.29%                 4.50%                   6.68%
             31 December 2021:                            3.00%                 4.36%                  15.54%

    (b)      Pre-tax discount rate
             31 December 2022:                          11.56%                19.71%                   11.05%
             31 December 2021:                          10.40%                20.32%                   10.25%

    (c)      Terminal growth rate
             31 December 2022:                            2.00%                 2.00%                   2.00%
             31 December 2021:                            2.00%                 2.00%                   2.00%

    (d)      Royalty rate
             31 December 2022:                            1.25%                 2.60%                   1.25%
             31 December 2021:                            1.25%                 2.60%                   1.25%

   Annual growth rate — The basis used to determine the annual growth rate is the average growth rate
   achieved in the years immediately before the budget year, increased for expected market
   development.

   Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to similar
   industries and geographical locations.

   Terminal growth rate — The constant rate that the Company is expected to grow indefinitely.

   Royalty rate — The royalty rate used to determine the royalty fee received for the right to use the
   subject intangible asset.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   249
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
            There was no impairment loss being recognised during the years ended 31 December 2022 and
            2021.

            Sensitivity analysis of the recoverable amount are disclosed as below:

                                                              GE Appliances               HNZ           Candy


               Sensitivity analysis
               1% increase/(decrease) in annual growth
                 rate would result in recoverable
                 amount increase/(decrease) by:
               31 December 2022 (in million):                    RMB11/(11)            RMB8/(8)   RMB115/(111)


               31 December 2021 (in million):                    RMB10/(10)            RMB7/(7)   RMB107/(103)


               1% (increase)/decrease in the pre-tax
                  discount rate would result in recoverable
                  amount (decrease)/increase by:
               31 December 2022 (in million):                 RMB(131)/169       RMB(40)/44       RMB(372)/495


               31 December 2021 (in million):                  RMB(111)/141          RMB(35)/39   RMB(311)/400


               1% increase/(decrease) in terminal growth
                 rate would result in recoverable amount
                 increase/(decrease) by:
               31 December 2022 (in million):                   RMB83/(65)       RMB25/(22)       RMB358/(275)


               31 December 2021 (in million):                    RMB93/(71)          RMB22/(20)   RMB386/(289)


               Headroom amount
               31 December 2022 (in million):                      RMB474              RMB266        RMB1,559


               31 December 2021 (in million):                       RMB400             RMB199        RMB1,473


               Recoverable amount
               31 December 2022 (in million):                     RMB1,136             RMB814        RMB2,932


               31 December 2021 (in million):                     RMB1,006             RMB733        RMB2,809




250   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
   During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the impairment assessment is based on a
   valuation by an independent professional valuer and the directors and management have considered
   and assessed reasonably possible changes for key assumptions that there is no impairment loss and
   have not identified any instances that could cause the carrying amount exceed its recoverable amount.

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
   Details of interests in associates of the Group is as follow:

                                                                                2022                   2021
                                                                              RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                  (Restated)


    Cost of investments in associates                                          18,915                 18,468
    Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
      income, net of dividends received                                         5,738                   4,860
    Impairments loss                                                             (125)                   (127)


                                                                               24,528                 23,201




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   251
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
            Particulars of the material associates of the Group are as follows:

                                    Place of          Issued share     Percentage of equity
                                    incorporation/        capital or    attributable to the
                                    place of             registered      Company as at          Principal      Type of legal
               Name                 operation               capital        31 December          activity       status
                                                                ’000        2022         2021


               Haier Group          Mainland China/      RMB7,000        42.00%       42.00%    Financing      Limited liability
                 Finance Co., Ltd    Mainland China                                                              company




            The following table illustrates summarised financial position of Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd
            information as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 and summarised financial performance information for
            the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and
            reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements.

            Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Haier Finance”)

                                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                                   RMB’M               RMB’M


               Current assets                                                                       62,368              61,295
               Non-Current assets, excluding goodwill                                               12,623               9,404
               Current liabilities                                                                 (56,510)            (53,404)
               Non-current liabilities                                                                (480)               (370)


               Net assets, excluding goodwill                                                       18,001              16,925


               Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                 42.00%              42.00%


               The Group’s share of net assets of Haier Finance                                       7,561               7,109


               Revenue                                                                                2,037               2,040
               Profit for the year                                                                    1,585               1,503
               Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                         10                  (38)
               Total comprehensive income for the year                                                1,595               1,465


               Reconciliation of net assets of Haier Finance:
               Opening net asset 1 January                                                            7,109               6,712
               Dividends declared                                                                      (218)               (218)
               Share of results of Haier Finance                                                        670                 615


               Closing net asset 31 December                                                          7,561               7,109




252   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
   Haier Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“Haier Finance”) (continued)
   The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s and the Company’s
   associates that are not individually material:

                                                                               2022                   2021
                                                                             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                 (Restated)


    Share of results of the associates for the year                               918                  1,276
    Share of the associates’ other comprehensive income/(loss)                     96                     (34)


                                                                               2022                   2021
                                                                             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                 (Restated)


    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in
      the associates                                                          17,092                 16,219


   The Group’s trade and bills receivables and trade and bills payables balances with the associates are
   disclosed in notes 25 and 29 to consolidated financial statements respectively.

20. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FVTOCI
                                                                               2022                   2021
                                                                             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                 (Restated)


    Listed equity investments, at fair value:
    — Qingdao Eastsoft Communication Technology Co., Ltd                             9                    14
    — Other                                                                          7                     7

    Unlisted equity investments, at fair value:
    — SINOPEC Fuel Oil Sales Corporation Limited                               1,235                   1,290
    — COSMO IOT Technology Co., Ltd. (“COSMO”)                                 2,817                   2,812
    — Other                                                                    1,784                     729


                                                                               5,852                   4,852




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   253
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      20. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FVTOCI (continued)
            The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVTOCI as the Group considers these
            investments to be strategic in nature. Details of valuation techniques used to estimate the fair values of
            the above equity investments are set out in note 44 to consolidated financial statements.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group received dividends in the amount of
            approximately RMB32 million (2021: RMB59 million) from the above investments.

      21. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FVTPL
                                                                                          2022               2021
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


               Current
               Wealth management products                                                    15               2,169
               Foreign currency forward contracts                                            —                  136
               Marketable securities                                                        168                 151
               Investment in other equity instruments                                       337                 330


                                                                                            520               2,786


            As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, included in the Group’s wealth management products were
            products with floating returns which were measured at FVTPL.

      22. FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                                          2022               2021
                                                                                        RMB’M               RMB’M


               Current
               Wealth management products                                                 1,642                 317


               Non-current
               Time deposits                                                              1,034                  —
               Long-term receivables                                                        305                 309


                                                                                          1,339                 309


                                                                                          2,981                 626


            As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, included in the Group’s wealth management products were
            products with fixed returns which were stated at amortised cost. All wealth management products are
            principal protected. The expected credit losses for the wealth management products are immaterial to
            the Group.




254   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




23. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                             2022                  2021
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Non-current assets
    Derivative financial instruments                                              —                     47


    Derivatives that are designated and effective as hedging
      instruments carried at fair value:

    Current assets
    Foreign currency forward contracts                                          179                     73
    Forward commodity contract                                                    4                      7


                                                                                183                     80


                                                                                183                    127


    Non-current liabilities
    Put option liabilities                                                       17                      —


    Derivatives that are designated and effective as hedging
      instruments carried at fair value:

    Current liabilities
    Foreign currency forward contracts                                           93                     60
    Interest rate swaps                                                          —                      20
    Forward commodity contract                                                   12                     —


                                                                                105                     80


                                                                                122                     80

24. INVENTORIES
                                                                             2022                   2021
                                                                           RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                               (Restated)


    Raw material                                                             6,049                  5,057
    Work in progress                                                            74                    115
    Finished goods                                                          35,420                 34,740


                                                                            41,543                 39,912




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   255
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                        2022                 2021
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M
                                                                                                        (Restated)


               Trade receivables                                                       17,107              15,367
               Less: Allowance for expected credit losses (“ECL”)                      (1,193)               (742)


               Trade receivables, net                                                  15,914              14,625


               Bills receivables                                                         9,584             13,422
               Less: Allowance for ECL                                                      (4)                (67)


               Bills receivables, net                                                    9,580             13,355


               Total                                                                   25,494              27,980


            The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where
            payment in advance is normally required. The credit period generally ranges from 30 to 90 days. Each
            customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding
            receivables to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In
            view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of
            diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any
            collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-
            interest bearing.

            An aging analysis of the trade receivables (net of ECL) as at the end of the reporting period, based on
            the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                        2022                 2021
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M
                                                                                                        (Restated)


               1 to 3 months                                                           13,637              12,756
               3 months to 1 year                                                       1,697               1,523
               1 to 2 years                                                               416                 238
               2 to 3 years                                                               129                  53
               Over 3 year                                                                 35                  55


                                                                                       15,914              14,625




256   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
   The movements in the ECL allowance of trade and bills receivables are as follows:

                                                                                2022                    2021
                                                                              RMB’M                    RMB’M


    As at 1 January                                                                   809                 453
    Impairment losses, net (Note 6)                                                   419                 418
    Amount written off as uncollectible                                               (36)                 (33)
    Exchange realignment                                                                5                  (29)


    As at 31 December                                                           1,197                     809


   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a
   provision matrix to measure ECL. The ECL rates are based on days past due for groupings of various
   customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type).

   Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using
   a provision matrix:

   As at 31 December 2022


                                     Less than        1 to       2 to         Over   Individual
                                        1 year     2 years    3 years      3 years assessment             Total


    Average loss rate                     2.17%     7.58%     38.17%       70.04%            98.35%      6.97%
    Gross carrying amount (RMB’M)         15,670       445        204          119               669     17,107
    Expected credit loss (RMB’M)             340        34         78           83               658      1,193


   As at 31 December 2021 (Restated)


                                     Less than        1 to       2 to          Over       Individual
                                        1 year     2 years    3 years       3 years     assessment         Total


    Average loss rate                     2.15%     4.10%     30.57%       58.42%            83.98%      4.83%
    Gross carrying amount (RMB’M)         14,549       229         77          131               381     15,367
    Expected credit losses (RMB’M)           313         9         23           77               320        742




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   257
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      25. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
            Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates approximately
            RMB734 million (2021: RMB525 million (restated)) and amounts due from associates approximately
            RMB1,168 million (2021: RMB753 million (restated)) as at 31 December 2022. All of these amounts are
            repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the Group. Further details
            of the sales to these related parties are set out in note 13 to consolidated financial statements.

            As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s bills receivables of approximately RMB8,715 million (2021:
            RMB12,449 million) were pledged to secure the Group’s bills payable. The Groups’ bills receivables of
            approximately RMB1 million (2021: RMB78 million) and trade receivables of approximately RMB1,945
            million (2021:RMB1,914 million) were pledged, which included approximately RMB70 million (2021:
            RMB185 million) were pledged to secured of the Group’s loan.

      26. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                             2022                     2021
                                                                                                           RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                                                 (Restated)


                  Current
                  Interest receivables (Note a)                                                                 513                     295
                  Taxes recoverable (Note a)                                                                  2,710                   3,276
                  Prepayments (Note a)                                                                        1,121                     864
                  Deposits (Note a)                                                                              81                      87
                  Other receivables (Note a)                                                                  2,000                   1,846
                  Miscellaneous receivables (Note a)                                                            563                     585


                                                                                                              6,988                   6,953
                  Less: Allowance for ECL                                                                      (436)                   (519)


                                                                                                              6,552                   6,434
                  Non-current
                  Long-term prepayments (Note b)                                                              1,672                   1,860


                                                                                                              8,224                   8,294

            Notes:

            (a)      Included in the Group’s prepayments, deposits and other receivables are amounts due from Haier Affiliates of approximately
                     RMB587 million (2021: RMB491 million (restated)) and amounts due from associates of approximately RMB146 million (2021:
                     RMB119 million (restated)) as at 31 December 2022. All of these amounts are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on
                     demand.

                     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables mainly represent prepayments and the deposits with suppliers and other
                     parties. The ECL are estimated by applying a general approach with reference to the historical loss record of the Group and
                     is adjusted to reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. The average loss
                     rate applied as at the 31 December 2022 was 6.24% (2021: 7.46% (restated)). The credit quality of the financial assets
                     included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables is considered to be normal because they are not past due and
                     there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk.

            (b)      Included in the Group’s long-term prepayments are advances made to Haier Affiliates relating to the Group’s property, plant
                     and equipment with an aggregate amount of approximately RMB4 million (2021: RMB33 million) as at 31 December 2022.
                     The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on demand.




258   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




26. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
   The movements in the ECL of deposits and other receivables are as follows:

                                                                               2022                  2021
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    As at 1 January                                                               519                    341
    Impairment losses, net (Note 6)                                               293                    428
    Amount written off as uncollectible                                          (385)                  (248)
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                                       —                       (1)
    Exchange realignment                                                             9                     (1)


    As at 31 December                                                             436                    519


27. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
   Bank balances carry interest at market rates which range from 0.30% to 3.90% per annum (2021:
   0.30% to 3.90% per annum) for the year ended 31 December 2022. The pledged deposits carry an
   interest rate which ranges from 0.30% to 3.50% per annum (2021: 0.39% to 3.90% per annum) for the
   year ended 31 December 2022. The pledged bank deposits will be released upon the settlement of
   relevant bills payables (Note 29).

   Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged to banks to secure banking facilities granted to the
   Group. Deposits amounting to approximately RMB642 million (2021: RMB744 million) have been
   pledged to secure bills payables (Note 29) as at 31 December 2022 and are therefore classified as
   current assets.

                                                                               2022                   2021
                                                                             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                 (Restated)


    Cash and bank balances                                                    26,994                 25,136
    Time deposits                                                             27,145                 20,962


                                                                              54,139                 46,098
    Less: Cash and bank balances and time deposits pledged for:
          Bills payable (Note 29)                                                (642)                  (744)
          Bank guarantees                                                         (23)                    (11)


    Pledged deposits                                                             (665)                  (755)
    Other deposit with limited use                                               (105)                  (145)


    Cash and cash equivalents                                                 53,369                 45,198




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   259
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      27. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
            (continued)
            As at 31 December 2022, the cash and bank balances and time deposits of the Group, denominated
            in RMB, amounted to approximately RMB41,431 million (2021: RMB35,524 million (restated)). The RMB
            is not freely convertible into other currencies; however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange
            Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
            Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to
            conduct foreign exchange business.

            Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits are
            made for within three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn
            interest at the deposit rates of the respective periods. The bank balances and pledged deposits are
            deposited with creditworthy banks or financial institutions with no recent history of default.

            Included in the Group’s cash and cash equivalents are deposits of approximately RMB31,424 million
            (2021: RMB28,745 million (restated)) placed with Haier Finance as at 31 December 2022 which is an
            associate of the Group and is a financial institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The
            interest rate on these deposits ranges from 0.39% to 3.50% per annum (2021 0.39% to 3.30% per
            annum) for the year ended 31 December 2022. Further details of the interest income attributable to the
            deposits placed with Haier Finance are set out in note 13 to consolidated financial statements.

      28. ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE
                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M


               Assets                                                                     —                   5


      29. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                     RMB’M              RMB’M
                                                                                                      (Restated)


               Trade payables                                                         41,884             42,363
               Bills payables                                                         25,091             25,023


                                                                                      66,975             67,386




260   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




29. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES (continued)
   An aging analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
   invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                               2022                   2021
                                                                             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                 (Restated)


    Within 1 year                                                             66,485                 66,985
    1 to 2 years                                                                 280                    170
    2 to 3 years                                                                  89                     84
    Over 3 years                                                                 121                    147


                                                                              66,975                 67,386


   The trade and bills payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on credit terms ranging
   from 30 to 180 days.

   Included in the Group’s trade and bills payables are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of approximately
   RMB3,570 million (2021: RMB4,138 million (restated)) and amounts due to an associate of
   approximately RMB1,492 million (2021: RMB1,487 million) as at 31 December 2022. Further details of
   the purchases from these related parties are set out in note 13 to consolidated financial statements.

   As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s bills payable are secured by the pledge of the Group’s bank
   deposits amounting to approximately RMB642 million (2021: RMB744 million) (Note 27) and the
   Group’s bills receivable amounting to approximately RMB8,715 million (2021: RMB12,449 million) (Note
   25).

30. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                               2022                   2021
                                                                             RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                 (Restated)


    Other payables and accruals                                               22,505                 22,994
    Refund liabilities:
      Volume rebate                                                            1,465                   1,582
      Sales return                                                               625                     656
    Deferred income (Note 34)                                                    114                     130


                                                                              24,709                 25,362


   Other payables are non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   261
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      30. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS (continued)
            Included in the Group’s other payables and accruals are amounts due to Haier Affiliates of
            approximately RMB1,104 million (2021: RMB1,310 million (restated)), amounts due to associates of
            approximately RMB65 million (2021: RMB59 million (restated)) as at 31 December 2022. All of these
            amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

      31. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES
            (a)    Contract assets

                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                         RMB’M               RMB’M


                      Retention for rendering service                                        380                 304
                      Impairment loss                                                        (70)                 —


                                                                                             310                 304


                   The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and
                   not billed because the rights are conditioned on the Group’s future performance. The contract
                   assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

                   The Group also typically agrees to a retention for 5% of the contract value. This amount is
                   included in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the Group’s entitlement to this
                   final payment is conditional at the end of warranty period.

                   The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to realise them
                   in its normal operating cycle.

            (b)    Contract liabilities
                   The Group’s sale of products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other value-
                   added customer services contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments
                   over the services period once certain specified milestones are reached. The Group requires
                   certain customers to provide upfront deposits range from 10% to 20% of total contract sum as
                   part of its credit risk management policies. The Group typically require 10% of total contract sum
                   for credit risk management.




262   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




31. CONTRACT ASSETS/CONTRACT LIABILITIES (continued)
   (b)   Contract liabilities (continued)
         The Group’s contract liabilities are analysed as follows:

                                                                                 2022                   2021
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Receipt in advance/contract liabilities
          Sale of goods                                                          9,321                 10,016
          Rendering of services                                                      9                     11


          As at 31 December                                                      9,330                 10,027


         Contract liabilities mainly include short-term advances received from customers for sales of
         products and provision of after-sales and logistics services and other value-added customer
         services.

                                                                                 2022                   2021
                                                                               RMB’M                 RMB’M
                                                                                                   (Restated)


          Contract liabilities
          As at 1 January                                                       10,027                   6,273
          Consideration received from customers over the
            amounts of revenue recognised                                        9,063                   9,897
          Less:
            Revenue recognised during the year                                   (9,760)                (6,143)


          As at 31 December                                                      9,330                 10,027




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   263
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      32. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
            The analysis of the carrying amount of interest-bearing borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                     RMB’M             RMB’M


               Current
               Bank loans — unsecured                                                 12,330            17,408
               Bank loans — secured                                                      155               560


                                                                                      12,485            17,968


               Non-current
               Bank loans — unsecured                                                 13,603             3,075
               Bank loans — secured                                                       24                —


                                                                                      13,627             3,075


                                                                                      26,112            21,043


               Unsecured                                                              25,933            20,483
               Secured                                                                   179               560


                                                                                      26,112            21,043


               Analysed into:
               Loans repayable:
                 Within one year or on demand                                         12,485            17,968
                 In the second year                                                      992             3,036
                 In the third to fifth years, inclusive                               12,598                39
                 Over five years                                                          37                —


                                                                                      26,112            21,043


               Effective interest rate
                 Current
                    Bank loans — unsecured                                  0.85% to 8.00%      0.40% to 7.50%
                    Bank loans — secured                                    2.00% to 4.50%      0.50% to 4.00%
                 Non-current
                    Bank loans — unsecured                                  1.50% to 5.31%      0.80% to 7.50%
                    Bank loans — secured                                             1.19%                   —




264   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




32. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (continued)
   As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings were denominated in the
   following currencies:

                                                                                   2022                  2021
                                                                                 RMB’M                  RMB’M


         USD                                                                      10,006                   8,903
         EUR                                                                       9,503                   7,829
         RMB                                                                       2,595                     174
         Other currencies                                                          4,008                   4,137


                                                                                  26,112                 21,043


   Included in the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings are borrowings of approximately RMB60 million
   (2021: RMB337 million) from Haier Finance, which is an associate of the Group and is a financial
   institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The interest rate on these loans ranges from 1.8%
   to 4.5% per annum (2021: 1.5% to 3.1% per annum) for the years ended 31 December 2022. Further
   details of the interest expense to these related parties are set out in note 13 to consolidated financial
   statement.

   The Group’s loans are guaranteed by:

   (i)      Haier Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company, to the extent of approximately RMB60
            million as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB305 million); and

   The Group’s loans are secured by:

   (i)      the pledge of the Group’s trade and bills receivables with carrying amount of approximately RMB71
            million as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB263 million).




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   265
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      33. PROVISIONS
                                                                                        2022               2021
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


               Product warranties                                                        3,502              3,681
               Legal claim                                                                 307                 29
               Others                                                                      339                429


                                                                                         4,148              4,139
               Portion classified as current liabilities                                (2,537)            (2,190)


               Non-current portion                                                       1,611              1,949


            The movements in product warranties are as follows:

                                                                                        2022               2021
                                                                                      RMB’M               RMB’M


               As at 1 January                                                           3,681              2,911
               Additional provision (Note 6)                                             5,945              5,480
               Amounts utilised during the year                                         (6,178)            (4,678)
               Exchange realignment                                                         54                 (32)


               As at 31 December                                                         3,502              3,681


            The Group provides installation services and warranties of three to eight years to its customers for
            refrigerators, freezers, kitchen appliances, air-conditioners, laundry appliances, water appliances and
            smart home business overseas under which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The amount of
            the provision for the warranties is estimated based on retail volume and past experience of the level of
            installation services rendered, repairs and returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an ongoing
            basis and revised where appropriate.




266   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




34. DEFERRED INCOME
   The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M


    As at 1 January                                                                853                    633
    Compensation received during the year                                          233                    319
    Credit to profit or loss                                                      (137)                    (99)


    As at 31 December                                                              949                    853
    Less: Current portion included in other payables and
           accruals (Note 30)                                                     (114)                  (130)


    Non-current portion                                                            835                    723


   Government grants mainly include subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group which
   operates in the Mainland China in accordance with the subsidy policies of local government authorities.
   Subsidies income received by a subsidiary of the Group is recognised in the consolidated statement of
   profit or loss and other comprehensive income when received and no specific conditions are required.
   Those government grants recognised are included in other income. There are no unfulfilled conditions
   or contingencies relating to these government grants.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   267
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      35. DEFERRED TAX
            The movements in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities during the years ended 31 December
            2022 and 2021 are as follows:

            Deferred tax assets

                                                                                                            Research
                                                                                                                 and
                                                    Provision for Accruals and    Unrealised         Tax development
                                                     impairment       payables        profits     losses    expenses     Other     Total
                                                          RMB’M        RMB’M         RMB’M       RMB’M        RMB’M     RMB’M     RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2021                         374          1,749           669        807           58       304     3,961
               Deferred tax (charged)/credited to
                  the statement of profit or loss
                  during the year, net                        (8)         (278)           (51)        3            3       217      (114)
               Deferred tax charged to the
                  statement of other
                  comprehensive income during
                  the year                                    —             —             —          —            —        (48)       (48)
               Exchange realignment                          (11)          (65)             1         7           (4)      (81)     (153)


               As at 31 December 2021 and
                  1 January 2022 (Restated)                 355          1,406           619        817           57       392     3,646
               Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
                  the statement of profit or loss
                  during the year, net                      126            37            229       (609)         539       (36)      286
               Deferred tax credited to the
                  statement of other
                  comprehensive income during
                  the year                                    —             —             —          —            —         25        25
               Exchange realignment                            4           82               1         9           19       (34)       81


               As at 31 December 2022                       485          1,525           849        217          615       347     4,038




268   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




35. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
   Deferred tax liabilities

                                                  Difference of Remeasurement
                                                  depreciation     fair value of   Changes in fair
                                    Withholding            and            equity    value of other
                                          taxes   amortisation     instruments        investments        Others           Total
                                        RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M             RMB’M         RMB’M           RMB’M


    As at 1 January 2021                    94           2,366              879                 7           305           3,651
    Deferred tax charged to
       the statement of profit or
       loss during the year, net             —              76                —                 —              7             83
    Deferred tax charged to the
       statement of other
       comprehensive income
       during the year                       —              —                 —               290             26             316
    Exchange realignment                     —            (124)               —                 (5)          (10)           (139)


    As at 31 December 2021 and
       1 January 2022                       94           2,318              879               292           328           3,911
    Deferred tax charged to
       the statement of profit or
       loss during the year, net             —             518                —                 —            74             592
    Deferred tax charged to the
       statement of other
       comprehensive income
       during the year                       —              —                 —                 1              7              8
    Exchange realignment                     —             172                —                 —             (8)           164


    As at 31 December 2022                  94           3,008              879               293           401           4,675




                                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   269
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      35. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
            Deferred tax liabilities (continued)
            For presentation purpose, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement
            of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balance of the Group for financial
            reporting purpose:

                                                                                           2022                         2021
                                                                                         RMB’M                       RMB’M
                                                                                                                   (Restated)


               Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
                 Statement of financial position                                            1,722                      1,857
               Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
                 Statement of financial position                                           (2,359)                    (2,122)


               Net deferred tax liabilities                                                     (637)                   (265)


      36. SHARE CAPITAL
            The movements of the Company’s issued share capital during the years ended 31 December 2022
            and 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                                 Total number           Share
                                                            H Shares      D Shares   A Shares        of shares         capital
                                                                  ’M            ’M         ’M               ’M         RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2021                             2,448          271       6,309           9,028           9,028
               Issue of shares (Note a)                           403           —           —              403             403
               Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note b)           (32)         —           —               (32)            (32)


               As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022        2,819          271       6,309           9,399           9,399
               Issue of shares (Note c)                            22           —           —               22              22
               Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note d)          (15)          —           —              (15)            (15)
               Placing of shares (Note e)                          41           —           —               41              41


               As at 31 December 2022                           2,867          271       6,309           9,447           9,447




270   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




36. SHARE CAPITAL (continued)
   Notes:


   (a)      Upon conversion of convertible bond during year ended 31 December 2021, a total of 403,210,889 H Shares were issued.


   (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased a total of 32,352,800 H shares at a consideration of
            approximately HKD1,000 million which were subsequently cancelled.


   (c)      Upon conversion of convertible bond during year ended 31 December 2022, a total of 21,450,563 H Shares were issued.


   (d)      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased a total of 14,970,200 H shares at a consideration of
            approximately HKD362 million which were subsequently cancelled.


   (e)      On 21 January 2022, the Company placed 41,413,600 H shares to five placees, who and whose ultimate beneficial owners
            are third parties independent of and not connected with the Company and/or its connected persons at a placing price of
            HK$28 per share.


   (f)      All shares issued are at par value of RMB1.


37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS
   The Company adopted the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025), the H
   Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) (2021–2025) and the H Share Restricted Share
   Unit Scheme (RSU) at the 2020 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2021.

   It is expected that relevant employees of the Group ordinarily reside within Mainland China will mainly
   be covered by the A Share ESOP and H Share ESOP, while relevant employees of the Group
   ordinarily reside outside Mainland China will mainly be covered by the RSU Scheme.

   With the authorization at the 2020 AGM of the Company, the Company introduced the H Share Core
   Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2022) and the A Share Core Employees Ownership Plan (2022) upon
   the approval at the 28th Meeting of the 10th session of the Board of Directors of the Company
   convened on 28 April 2022. The Company advanced the work related to the 2022 A Share and H
   Share ESOP.




                                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022    271
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a)    A and H Share ESOP
                   A Share ESOP (2021)
                   The total amount of funds to be used to participate in the A Share ESOP for 2021 was RMB708
                   million. Pursuant to the arrangement of the A Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan
                   (2021), 25,440,807 A Shares (amounting to approximately RMB707 million, excluding related fees
                   and tax expenses) held in the designated securities repurchase account of Haier Smart Home
                   Co., Ltd. were transferred to the designated account of “Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share
                   Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021)” at the price of RMB27.79 per share (which is the
                   average purchase cost price of the shares in the designated repurchase account) through non-
                   trading transfer on 22 July 2021.

                   Such proportion of shares will be locked up in accordance with the regulations. According to the
                   A Share ESOP (2021–2025), the A Share ESOP is subject to a 12-month lock-up period from the
                   date of the Company’s disclosure of the announcement of the completion of the transfer of the
                   repurchased A Shares from the designated securities repurchase account of the Company (i.e.,
                   from 24 July 2021 to 23 July 2022).

                   After the end of the lock-up period, the participants shall be appraised according to the
                   performance appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is generally two years in the
                   proportion of 40% and 60%, and the final appraisal period and the vesting proportion shall be
                   determined by the Management Committee of the ESOP.

                   The A Share ESOP (2021) participants include 14 persons of the directors, supervisors and other
                   senior management members, and 1,585 core technical (business) employees.




272   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (a)   A and H Share ESOP
         A Share ESOP (2022)
         There should be no more than 2,250 employees participating in the 2022 ESOP. The total
         amount of funds to be used to participate in the 2022 ESOP shall be RMB680 million. There are
         11 persons including directors, supervisors and senior officers, with a total share of RMB21.96
         million, accounting for 3.2% of the 2022 ESOP. There are 2,239 core technical (business)
         personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries, with a total share of RMB658.04 million,
         accounting for 96.8% of the 2022 ESOP.

         Participants of the 2022 ESOP shall include the directors (except for independent directors) and
         senior officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company.

         The 2022 ESOP shall establish a lock-up period of 12 months from the date of disclosure of the
         announcement on completion of transfer of the repurchased shares of the Company from the
         repurchase special account.

         After the end of the lock-up period, the participants shall be appraised according to the
         performance appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two years, and upon the
         expiration of the lock-up period of the 2022 ESOP, 40% and 60% of the corresponding
         underlying shares shall be vested to the participants in two phases. The specific vesting time
         shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration of the lock-up period.

         On 21 July 2022, 26,814,055 Shares (average purchase cost was RMB25.33 per share) held in
         the “repurchase special account of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd”. were transferred to the
         designated account of “Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. — A Share Core Employee Stock
         Ownership Plan (2022)” through non-trading transfer. The lock-up period is from 22 July 2022 to
         21 July 2023.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   273
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a)    A and H Share ESOP (continued)
                   Particulars and movements of A Share ESOP during the year ended 31 December 2022 and
                   2021 were as follows:


                                                                  2022                           2021
                                                        Weighted                       Weighted
                                                          average                        average
                                                       grant date     Number of       grant date      Number of
                                                        fair value     awarded         fair value      awarded
                                                        per share        shares        per share         shares
                                                             RMB                            RMB


                      At 1 January                            24.9    25,440,807              —               —

                      Granted during the year                 22.6    26,814,055            24.9     25,440,807
                      Vested during the year                  24.9    (7,617,080)             —              —


                      Outstanding as at
                       31 December                            23.5    44,637,782            24.9     25,440,807


                   During the year ended 31 December 2022, A Share ESOP was granted on 10 August 2022. The
                   estimated fair values of the share granted on date is RMB607 million. During the year ended
                   31 December 2021, A Share ESOP was granted on 30 July 2021. The estimated fair values of
                   the share granted on date is RMB632 million.

                   The fair value of the A Share ESOP was calculated based on the market price of the Company’s
                   shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have been taken into
                   account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.




274   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (a)   A and H Share ESOP (2022) (continued)
         H Share ESOP (2021)
         The total amount of funds used to participate in the ESOP for 2021 was RMB90 million.
         Pursuant to the arrangement of the H Share Core Employee Stock Ownership Plan (2021), the
         Company entrusted an asset management company to purchase a total of 3,757,000 H Shares
         of the Company in the secondary market through the Hong Kong Stock Connect, with an
         average transaction price of HK$28.268 per share and a transaction amount of approximately
         HK$106 million. The aforesaid purchased shares will be subject to lockup for a period from
         27 July 2021 to 26 July 2022.

         After the end of the lock-up period, the participants shall be appraised according to the
         performance appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is generally two years in the
         proportion of 40% and 60%, and the final appraisal period and the vesting proportion shall be
         determined by the Management Committee of the ESOP.

         Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the vested H Shares will be sold by the asset management
         company on due course for the cash settlement to the participants.

         The participants of the H Share ESOP are 35 core senior management staff members of the
         Company who play an important role in the overall performance and development of the
         Company.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   275
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a)    A and H Share ESOP (2022) (continued)
                   H Share ESOP (2022)
                   Participants of the 2022 ESOP shall include the directors (except for independent directors) and
                   senior officers of the Company, and core technical (business) personnel of the Company and its
                   subsidiaries, totaling 33 persons. The total amount of funds to be used to participate in the 2022
                   ESOP shall be RMB60 million. There are 8 persons including directors, and senior officers, with
                   a total share of RMB20.53 million, accounting for 34.2% of the 2022 ESOP. There are 25 other
                   core management personnel of the Company, with a total share of RMB39.47 million, accounting
                   for 65.8% of the 2022 ESOP.

                   The source of shares of the 2022 ESOP shall be the H shares of the Company purchased from
                   the secondary market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. The lock-up period shall
                   be 12 months, calculated from the date when the Company announces that the underlying
                   shares purchased in the last time are recorded in the 2022 ESOP.

                   During the year, the Company entrusted an asset management company to purchase a total of
                   2,653,200 H Shares of the Company in the secondary market through the Hong Kong Stock
                   Connect, with an average transaction price of HKD25.663 per share and a transaction amount of
                   approximately HK$68 million.

                   After the end of the lock-up period, the participants of the 2022 ESOP shall be appraised
                   according to the performance appraisal system of the Company. The appraisal period is two
                   years, and upon the appraisal, 40% and 60% of the shares of the plan shall be vested to the
                   participants in two phases.

                   The specific vesting time shall be determined by the Management Committee upon the expiration
                   of the lock-up period. Upon the vesting of the H Shares, the vested H Shares will be sold by the
                   asset management company on due course for the cash settlement to the participants.




276   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (a)   A and H Share ESOP (2022) (continued)
         Particulars and movements of H Share ESOP during the year ended 31 December 2022 and
         2021 were as follows:


                                                        2022                              2021
                                              Weighted                          Weighted
                                                average                           average
                                             grant date     Number of          grant date      Number of
                                              fair value     awarded            fair value      awarded
                                              per share        shares           per share         shares
                                                   RMB                               RMB


          At 1 January                              21.6      3,757,000                 —                  —

          Granted during the year                   19.7      2,653,200              21.6        3,757,000
          Vested during the year                    21.6     (1,292,349)               —                —
          Outstanding as at
           31 December                              20.7      5,117,851              21.6        3,757,000


         During the year ended 31 December 2022, H Share ESOP were granted on 10 August 2022.
         The estimated fair values of the share granted on date is RMB52 million. During the year ended
         31 December 2021, H Share ESOP were granted on 30 July 2021. The estimated fair values of
         the share granted on date is RMB81 million.

         The Group recognised a total expense of RMB567 million (31 December 2021: RMB209 million)
         for the year ended 31 December 2022 in relation to A and H Share ESOP granted by the
         Company.

         The fair value of the H Share ESOP was calculated based on the market price of the Company’s
         shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have been taken into
         account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   277
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (b)    H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021 and 2022)
                   The vesting of the award granted under the RSU Scheme is subject to the conditions of the
                   relevant business unit(s) and personal performance targets of the relevant selected participant
                   and any other applicable vesting conditions as set out in the award letter.

                   Eligible Person who may participate in the RSU Scheme include any individual, being an
                   employee, director, supervisor, senior management, key operating team member of any member
                   of the Group who the Board or its delegatee considers, in their sole discretion, to have
                   significantly contributed or will significantly contribute to the development of the Group.

                   The Board shall not make any further grant which will result in the aggregate number of H
                   Shares granted to exceed one per cent (1%) of the total number of issued H Shares as at the
                   relevant grant date. The total number of RSU granted but remain unvested to a selected
                   participant under the RSU Scheme shall not exceed zero point one per cent (0.1%) of the total
                   number of issued H Shares as at the relevant grant date.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, a total of 4,438,027 and 5,636,959 H
                   Share RSU of the Company were granted to and accepted by staff members of the Company
                   respectively.

                   Particulars and movements of H Share RSU during the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021
                   were as follows:


                                                                  2022                           2021
                                                        Weighted                       Weighted
                                                          average                        average
                                                       grant date     Number of       grant date      Number of
                                                        fair value     awarded         fair value      awarded
                                                        per share        shares        per share         shares
                                                             RMB                            RMB


                      At 1 January                            21.6      4,438,027             —               —

                      Granted during the year                 22.2      5,636,959           21.6      4,438,027
                      Vested during the year                  21.6       (309,451)            —              —
                      Lapsed during the year                  21.6       (999,660)            —              —


                      Outstanding as at
                       31 December                            22.0      8,765,875           21.6      4,438,027




278   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (b)   H Share Restricted Share Unit Scheme (2021 and 2022) (continued)
         During the year ended 31 December 2022, H Share RSU were granted on 25 May 2022,
         23 June 2022 and 9 September 2022. The estimated fair values of the H Share RSU granted on
         those dates are RMB1 million, RMB123 million and RMB1 million respectively.

         During the year ended 31 December 2021, H Share RSU were granted on 30 July 2021,
         1 September 2021 and 15 December 2021. The estimated fair values of the H Share RSU
         granted on those dates are RMB93 million, RMB1 million and RMB2 million respectively.

         The Group recognised a total expense of RMB30 million (31 December 2021: RMB17 million) for
         the year ended 31 December 2022 in relation to H Share RSU granted by the Company.

         The fair value of the H Share RSU was calculated based on the market price of the Company’s
         shares at the grant date. The expected dividends during the vesting period have been taken into
         account when assessing the fair value of these awarded shares.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   279
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (c)    A-Share Option Scheme
                   The total number shares of the Company to be granted under the A Share Option Incentive
                   schemes within the validity period to any participants will not exceed 1% of the total number of
                   shares of the Company. The total underlying shares of the Company involved under fully effective
                   share option incentive schemes shall not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the
                   Company.

                   2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
                   The Company adopted a 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2021 A Share Option
                   Incentive Scheme”) at the extraordinary general meeting held on 15 September 2021.

                   For the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, the Company had resolved to grant 51,000,000
                   Share Options to the Participants. Among which, first 46,000,000 to be granted and 5,000,000
                   to be reserved. In year 2021, on 15 September 2021, the Company firstly granted 46,000,000 A
                   Share options to 400 participants (included directors of the Company). On 15 December 2021,
                   the Company granted 4,525,214 reserved share options to 18 participants under the 2021 A
                   Share Option Incentive Scheme. The remaining reserved share options under the A Share Option
                   Incentive Scheme will not be further granted.

                   The share options granted in 2021 will be valid for a maximum period of 72 months
                   commencing from the grant date to the date of full exercise or cancellation of all share options
                   granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant date of share
                   options granted under the 2021 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, and subject to the
                   satisfaction of the exercise conditions, the participants may exercise the options in five yearly
                   phases of 20% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share options is from the
                   date of grant until the respective vesting dates.

                   2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme
                   The Company adopted a 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme (the “2022 A Share Option
                   Incentive Scheme”) at the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2022.

                   On 28 June 2022, the Company had resolved to grant 104,756,896 A share options to 1,834
                   participants.

                   The share options granted in 2022 will be valid for a maximum period of 60 months
                   commencing from the grant date to the date of full exercise or cancellation of all share options
                   granted to the participants. Upon the expiry of the 12-month period from the grant date of share
                   options granted under the 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme, and subject to the
                   satisfaction of the exercise conditions, the participants may exercise the options in four yearly
                   phases of 25% of the granted options each. The vesting period of the share options is from the
                   date of grant until the respective vesting dates.




280   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (c)   A-Share Option Scheme (continued)
         Particulars and movements of share options during the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021
         were as follows:


                                                      2022                              2021
                                             Weighted                          Weighted
                                              average                           average
                                              exercise                          exercise
                                             price per    Number of            price per     Number of
                                                 share      options                share       options
                                                  RMB                              RMB


          At 1 January                             25.6    50,525,214                  —                  —
          Granted during the year                  23.9   104,756,896               25.6       50,525,214


          Outstanding as at
           31 December                             24.4   155,282,110               25.6       50,525,214


         The weighted average remaining contract life for outstanding share options was 2.9 years in
         2022 (2021: 3.7 years).

         During the year ended 31 December 2022, options were granted on 28 June 2022. The
         estimated fair values of the option granted on this date is RMB777 million.

         During the year ended 31 December 2021, options were granted on 15 September 2021 and
         15 December 2021. The estimated fair values of the options granted on those dates are
         RMB308 million and RMB41 million respectively.

         In determining the value of the share options granted, the Black-Scholes option pricing model
         (the “Black-Scholes Model”) has been used. The Black-Scholes Model is one of the most
         generally accepted methodologies used to calculate the value of options. The variables of the
         Black-Scholes Model include share price, exercise price, expected volatility, expected life,
         risk-free rate and expected dividend yield of the shares of the Company.




                                                                  Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   281
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (c)    A-Share Option Scheme (continued)
                   These fair values were calculated using the Black-Scholes Model. The inputs into the model were
                   as follows:

                                                                                          2022                    2021


                   Share price (RMB)                                                  27.01                 26.02–29.4
                   Exercise price (RMB)                                               23.86                      25.63
                   Expected volatility                                    36.77% to 40.16%          35.68% to 40.98%
                   Expected life                                                  1–4 years                  1–5 years
                   Risk-free rate                                              2% to 2.56%             2.3% to 2.74%
                   Expected dividend yield                                            1.7%               1.24%–1.41%


                   The above variables were determined as follows:

                   (i)     The expected volatility represents the annualised standard deviation of the return on the daily
                           share price of the Company over the period commensurate to the expected life of the
                           options (taking into account the remaining contractual life of the option and the effect of
                           the expected early exercise of the option).

                   (ii)    The expected life is estimated to be 1 year to 4 years (2021: 1–5 years) after the end of the
                           respective vesting period.

                   (iii)   The risk-free rate represents the yield of the China Government Bonds corresponding to the
                           expected life of the option as at the measurement date.

                   The Black-Scholes Model applied for the determination of the estimated value of the options
                   granted under 2022 A Share Option Incentive Scheme requires inputs of highly subjective
                   assumptions, including the expected stock volatility. As the Company’s share options have
                   characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, changes in subjective inputs
                   may materially affect the estimated fair value of the options granted.

                   The Group recognises the fair value of share options as an expense in the income statement
                   over the vesting period, or as an asset, if the cost qualifies for recognition as an asset. The fair
                   value of the share options is measured at the date of grant. The Group recognised a total
                   expense of RMB315 million (2021: RMB36 million) for the year ended 31 December 2022 in
                   relation to share options granted by the Company.




282   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




38. RESERVES
   Reserves
   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the years ended 31 December
   2022 and 2021 are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of the consolidated
   financial statements.

   (i)     According to the relevant rules and regulations in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”),
           subsidiaries of the Company established in the PRC are required to transfer 10% of their net
           profit, as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and regulations, to the
           reserve fund until the balance of the reserve reaches 50% of their respective registered capital.
           The transfer to this reserve must be made before distribution of dividends to owners of these
           subsidiaries. Reserve fund can be used to set off previous years’ losses, if any, and may be
           converted into capital in proportion to existing equity owners’ equity percentage, provided that
           the balance after such issuance is not less than 25% of their registered capital.

   (ii)    Convertible bond reserve represent the value of the unexercised equity component of convertible
           bond issued by the Company recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for
           convertible bond. If the convertible bond are not converted at the maturity date, the convertible
           bond reserves will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss.

   (iii)   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements reserve comprises all foreign exchange
           differences arising from the translation of the financial statement of operations.

   (iv)    The cash flow hedges reserve represent the cumulative amount of gains and losses on hedging
           instruments deemed effective in cash flow hedges. The cumulative deferred gain or loss on the
           hedging instrument is recognised in profit or loss only when the hedged transaction impacts the
           profit or loss, or is included directly in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged
           non-financial items (basis adjustment).

   (v)     Fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investments
           designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) under IFRS 9 that are
           held at the end of the reporting period.

   (vi)    Treasury shares reserve comprises the value of those ordinary shares repurchased and cancelled.

39. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (a)     Major non-cash transactions
           During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use
           assets of approximately RMB2,203 million (2021: RMB863 million (restated)) and lease liabilities of
           approximately RMB1,853 million (2021: RMB752 million (restated)), in respect of lease
           arrangements for land and building, machinery and equipment, motor vehicles and furniture,
           fixtures and equipment.




                                                                       Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   283
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      39. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            (continued)
            (b)    Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                      Other
                                                             payables and
                                                               accruals in
                                                                relation to       Interest-
                                                                 financing         bearing         Lease     Convertible
                                                                  activities    borrowings     liabilities        bond       Bond
                                                                    RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M          RMB’M       RMB’M


                      As at 1 January 2021                              127         24,501         2,744           6,714      5,535
                      Changes from financing cash flows              (3,975)         (1,997)        (770)             —      (5,542)
                      Foreign exchange movement                          (46)        (1,461)        (102)            (61)        —
                      New leases                                          —              —           752              —          —
                      Early Termination                                   —              —            (88)            —          —
                      Interest paid and payable                         542              —           113              50         7
                      Conversion of convertible bond                     —               —             —          (6,368)        —
                      Dividends payable to the
                         shareholders                                 3,411              —             —              —          —
                      Dividends payable to non-controlling
                         interests                                       63              —             —              —          —


                      As at 31 December 2021 and
                         1 January 2022 (Restated)                      122         21,043         2,649            335          —
                      Changes from financing cash flows              (5,135)         3,677          (959)            —           —
                      Foreign exchange movement                         (47)         1,392           165             25          —
                      New leases                                         —              —          1,853             —           —
                      Early Termination                                  —              —            (77)            —           —
                      Interest paid and payable                         881             —             97               6         —
                      Redemption of bond                                 —              —             —               (5)        —
                      Disposal of subsidiaries                           —              —              (1)            —          —
                      Conversion of convertible bond                     —              —              —            (361)        —
                      Dividends payable to the
                         shareholders                                 4,297              —             —              —          —
                      Dividends payable to non-controlling
                         interests                                       19              —             —              —          —


                      As at 31 December 2022                            137         26,112         3,727              —          —




284   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




39. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (continued)
   (c)   Total cash outflow for leases

                                                                               2022                  2021
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


          Within operating activities                                            (357)                  (561)
          Within financing activities                                            (959)                  (769)


                                                                               (1,316)                (1,330)


40. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT
    OR LOSS
                                                                               2022                  2021
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    Foreign currency forward contracts                                              —                       6


41. CONVERTIBLE BOND
   On 21 November 2017, Harvest International Company (the “Issuer”), an indirect wholly owned
   subsidiary of the Company, issued the HK$8,000 million Zero Coupon Guaranteed Exchangeable
   Bonds due on 21 November 2022 (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds”). The holders of the HSH
   Exchangeable Bonds (the “Bondholders”) entitled to exchange their HSH Exchangeable Bonds into
   shares of Haier Electronics Group Co. Ltd (the “HEG”) during the period specified under the terms and
   conditions of the HSH Exchangeable Bonds (the “HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and
   Conditions”). In connection with the privatization of HEG, to provide Bondholders with an alternative
   investment option in their HSH Exchangeable Bonds outside the various options available under the
   HSH Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions, the Company proposed to amend the HSH
   Exchangeable Bonds Terms and Conditions, such that, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
   precedent, after listing of the H shares of the Company, the HSH Exchangeable Bonds were not
   exchangeable into the HEG Shares but instead be convertible into the H Shares of the Company (the
   “EB-to-CB Proposal”). The HSH Exchangeable Bonds with such amended terms and conditions (the
   “HSH Convertible Bonds Terms and Conditions”) were hereafter referred to as the HSH Convertible
   Bonds (the “CB”). The EB-to-CB Proposal became effective upon listing of H Shares of the Company
   on 23 December 2021 and HK$7,993 million in aggregate principal amount of the CB was outstanding
   initially. One-time repayment of principal and interest (105.11% on remaining par value) will be made
   upon maturity.

   The CB entitled the holders to convert them into ordinary shares of the Company at any time between
   the date of issue of the notes and their settlement date in November 2022 at a conversion price of
   HK$18.2 per CB.




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   285
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      41. CONVERTIBLE BOND (continued)
            The movement of the liability component of CB is as follows:

                                                                                                                  2022                    2021
                                                                                                                RMB’M                    RMB’M


                   As at 1 January                                                                                   335                    6,714
                   Conversion (Note 36(b) and (d))                                                                  (361)                  (6,368)
                   Interest expense                                                                                    6                       50
                   Redemption of CB                                                                                   (5)                      —
                   Exchange realignment                                                                               25                       (61)


                   As at 31 December                                                                                   —                      335


      42. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
            concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
            balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the interest-bearing
            borrowings, lease liabilities and CB disclosed in notes 32, 16(b) and 41 respectively, net assets of the
            Group, comprising issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

            The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                                  2022                     2021
                                                                                                                RMB’M                   RMB’M
                                                                                                                                      (Restated)


                   Debt (i)                                                                                      29,839                   24,027
                   Equity (ii)                                                                                   94,714                   81,275


                   Net debt to equity ratio                                                                      31.5%                     29.6%

            (i)        Debt is defined as long and short-term interest-beaning borrowings, lease liabilities and CB as detailed in notes 32, 16(b) and
                       41.


            (ii)       Equity includes all capital and reserves of the Group.




286   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




43. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments are as follows:

   Financial assets
   31 December 2022

                                            Financial       Financial                      Financial
                                               assets          assets        Derivative       assets
                                         measured at     measured at     designated as  measured at
                                               FVTPL         FVTOCI            hedges amortised cost              Total
                                              RMB’M           RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M               RMB’M


    Equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI                                      —            5,852                —                 —           5,852
    Trade and bills receivables                    —               —                 —             25,494         25,494
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables               —               —                 —              4,787          4,787
    Financial assets measured at FVTPL            520              —                 —                 —             520
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                              —               —                —               2,981          2,981
    Derivative financial instruments               —               —               183                 —             183
    Pledged deposits                               —               —                —                 665            665
    Other deposits with limited use                —               —                —                 105            105
    Cash and cash equivalents                      —               —                —              53,369         53,369


                                                  520           5,852              183             87,401         93,956


   31 December 2021 (Restated)

                                             Financial       Financial                           Financial
                                               assets          assets         Derivative           assets
                                          measured at     measured at     designated as      measured at
                                               FVTPL          FVTOCI            hedges     amortised cost           Total
                                              RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M             RMB’M           RMB’M


    Equity investments designated at
       FVTOCI                                      —            4,852                —                 —           4,852
    Trade and bills receivables                    —               —                 —             27,980         27,980
    Financial assets included in
       deposit and other receivables               —               —                 —              4,898          4,898
    Financial assets measured at FVTPL          2,786              —                 —                 —           2,786
    Financial assets measured at
       amortised cost                              —               —                —                 626            626
    Derivative financial instruments               47              —                80                 —             127
    Pledged deposits                               —               —                —                 755            755
    Other deposits with limited use                —               —                —                 145            145
    Cash and cash equivalents                      —               —                —              45,198         45,198


                                                2,833           4,852               80             79,602         87,367




                                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   287
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      43. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
            Financial liabilities
            31 December 2022


                                                                                         Financial
                                                      Financial                          liabilities
                                                       liabilities     Derivative       measured
                                                      measured        designated     at amortised
                                                      at FVTPL        as hedges                cost      Total
                                                         RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M        RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                         —              —            66,975       66,975
               Financial liabilities included other
                  payables and accruals                        —               —            22,340       22,340
               Derivative financial instruments                17             105               —           122
               Interest-bearing borrowings                     —               —            26,112       26,112
               Other non-current liabilities                   —               —                98           98
               Lease liabilities                               —               —             3,727        3,727


                                                               17             105          119,252      119,374


            31 December 2021 (Restated)


                                                                                          Financial
                                                        Financial                         liabilities
                                                        liabilities     Derivative       measured
                                                       measured        designated     at amortised
                                                       at FVTPL        as hedges               cost       Total
                                                          RMB’M           RMB’M             RMB’M       RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                         —              —            67,386       67,386
               Financial liabilities included other
                  payables and accruals                         —              —            22,494       22,494
               Financial liabilities measured at
                  FVTPL                                         6              —                  —           6
               Derivative financial instruments                 —              80                 —          80
               Interest-bearing borrowings                      —              —            21,043       21,043
               CB                                               —              —               335          335
               Other non-current liabilities                    —              —               112          112
               Lease liabilities                                —              —             2,649        2,649


                                                                 6             80          114,019      114,105




288   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




44. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
   The management estimates that the amount of financial instruments carried at amortised cost
   approximates its fair value.

   The management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits,
   other deposits with limited use, certain other financial assets measured at amortised cost, trade and
   bills receivables, other receivables, trade and bills payables and other payables approximate to their
   carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

   The Group’s management is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
   measurement of financial instruments. As at each reporting date, management analyses the
   movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the
   valuation. The valuation process and results are discussed with the those charged with governance
   twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

   The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
   could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or
   liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

   (a)   The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at FVTOCI have been estimated using a
         market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by observable
         market prices or rates. The valuation requires management to determine comparable public
         companies (peers) based on industry and place of business, and to calculate an appropriate
         price multiple, such as price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, and EV/Sales multiple for each
         comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the
         comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple is then discounted for
         considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based
         on company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied to the
         corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to measure the fair value.
         Management believes that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation technique, which
         are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair
         values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable, and that they were
         the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period. The fair values of the remaining
         unlisted equity investments designated at FVTOCI are determined with reference to their
         respective latest available transaction prices.




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   289
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b)    The fair values of unlisted equity investments which was designated at FVTPL, have been estimated
                   using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by
                   observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires management to determine comparable
                   public companies (peers) based on industry and place of business, and to calculate an
                   appropriate price multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by
                   dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading
                   multiple is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the
                   comparable companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted
                   multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to
                   measure the fair value. Management believes that the estimated fair values resulting from the
                   valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and
                   the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in profit or loss, are reasonable, and that
                   they were the most appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.

            The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent equity investments designated at FVTOCI
            and wealth management products included in financial assets measured at FVTPL issued by banks in
            Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a
            discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar
            terms and risks.

            The fair values of bills receivable and interest-bearing borrowings have been calculated by discounting
            the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
            risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing borrowings
            was assessed to be insignificant. The carrying amount of the financial instrument reasonably
            approximate to fair value.

            Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs (level 3 inputs of fair value measurement) to the
            valuation of financial instruments together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December
            2022 and 2021.




290   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




44. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
   instruments:

   Assets measured at fair value
   31 December 2022


                                             Level 1       Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                             RMB’M         RMB’M             RMB’M              RMB’M


    Equity investments designated
      at FVTOCI                                   16         1,028              4,808             5,852
    Financial assets measured at FVTPL           396            15                109               520
    Derivative financial instruments              —            183                 —                183


                                                 412         1,226              4,917             6,555


   31 December 2021 (Restated)


                                             Level 1        Level 2          Level 3              Total
                                             RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M              RMB’M


    Equity investments designated
      at FVTOCI                                   21         2,812              2,019             4,852
    Financial assets measured at FVTPL           375         2,305                106             2,786
    Derivative financial instruments              —             80                 47               127


                                                 396         5,197              2,172             7,765




                                                              Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   291
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Liabilities measured at fair value
            31 December 2022


                                                                                       Level 1                          Level 2                    Level 3                            Total
                                                                                       RMB’M                            RMB’M                      RMB’M                             RMB’M


               Derivative financial instruments                                                   —                        105                                 17                             122


            31 December 2021


                                                                                        Level 1                         Level 2                     Level 3                             Total
                                                                                        RMB’M                           RMB’M                       RMB’M                             RMB’M


               Financial liabilities measured at
                 FVTPL                                                                            —                            6                               —                                 6
               Derivative financial instruments                                                   —                           80                               —                                80


                                                                                                  —                           86                               —                                86

                                              Fair value   Fair value   Fair                                               Significant
               Financial                      as at        as at        value       Valuation                              unobservable
               assets                         31/12/2022   31/12/2021   hierarchy   technique         Range                input(s)            Sensitivity of fair value


               Equity Investment designated   RMB1,235     RMB1,290     Level 3     Market approach   2022: 32.38–33,04    Average P/E         1% increase (decrease) in average P/E multiple of the
                  at FVTOCI-SINOPEC Fuel        million      million                                  2021: 27.43–29.43       multiple of         comparable companies would result in increase
                  Oil Sales Corporation                                                                                       peers               (decrease) in fair value by 2022: RMB12.3 million
                  Limited                                                                                                                         (RMB12.3 million) 2021: RMB45.3 million (RMB45.3
                                                                                                                                                  million)

                                                                                                      2022: 28%–30%        Discount for        1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability would
                                                                                                      2021: 31%–33%            lack of            result in (decrease)/increase in fair value by 2022:
                                                                                                                               marketability      (RMB17.4 million) RMB17.4 million 2021: (RMB18.9
                                                                                                                                                  million) RMB18.9 million

               Equity Investment designated   RMB2,817     N/A          Level 3     Market approach   2022: 1.46–1.48      EV/Sales            1% increase (decrease) in EV/Sales multiple of the
                  at FVTOCI- COSMO              million                                                                       multiple of         comparable companies would result in increase
                                                                                                                              peers               (decrease) in fair value by 2022: RMB116 million
                                                                                                                                                  (RMB116 million)

                                                                                                      2022: 19%–21%        Discount for        1% increase (decrease) in the lack of marketability would
                                                                                                                               lack of            result in (decrease)/increase in fair value by 2022:
                                                                                                                               marketability      (RMB146 million) RMB146 million




292   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




44. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    Fair value Financial assets/              Fair value as at     Fair value as at        Value
    Financial liabilities                     31/12/2022           31/12/2021              hierarchy       Valuation technique


    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI   Assets —             Assets —                Level 2         Recent market an equity financing
                                                RMB1,028 million      RMB2,812 million                       transaction with independent parties

    Financial assets measured at FVTPL —      N/A                  Assets —                Level 2         Discounted cash flow
      Foreign currency forward contract                               RMB136 million
                                                                   Liabilities —
                                                                      RMB6 million

    Financial assets measured at FVTPL —      Assets —             Assets —                Level 2         Discounted cash flow
      Wealth management products                RMB15 million         RMB2,169 million

    Derivative financial instruments —        Assets —             Assets —                Level 2         Discounted cash flow
      Foreign currency forward contracts         RMB179 million       RMB73 million
                                              Liabilities —        Liabilities
                                                RMB93 million         RMB60 million

    Derivative financial instruments —        Assets —             Assets —                Level 2         Discounted cash flow
      Forwards commodity contract                RMB4 million         RMB7 million
                                              Liabilities —
                                                RMB12 million

    Derivative financial instruments —        N/A                  Liabilities —           Level 2         Discounted cash flows
      Interest rate swaps                                             RMB20 million

    Equity investments designated at          Assets —             Assets —                Level 1         Quoted bid prices in an active market.
      FVTOCI — Listed entity                    RMB16 million         RMB21 million

    Financial assets measured at FVTPL —      Assets —             Assets —                Level 1         Quoted bid prices in an active market.
      Investment fund                           RMB396 million        RMB375 million




                                                                                           Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022            293
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements
                                                                      Equity   Financial
                                                                investments       assets                   Derivative
                                                                 designated measured at                      financial
                                                                  at FVTOCI       FVTPL                  instruments               Total
                                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000                      RMB’000              RMB’000


               At 1 January 2021                                          2,643                   84                  —               2,727
               Total gains or losses:
               — in profit or loss                                            —                   22                  —                  22
               — in other comprehensive income                               56                   —                   —                  56
               Transfers out of level 3 (Note 1)                         (1,397)                  —                   —              (1,397)
               Transfers into level 3                                        —                    —                   47                 47
               Additions                                                    717                   —                   —                 717


               At 31 December 2021 and
                 1 January 2022 (Restated)                                2,019                 106                   47              2,172
               Total gains or losses:
               — in profit or loss                                            —                   3                  (17)               (14)
               — in other comprehensive income                              (146)                 —                   —                (146)
               Transfers out of level 3                                       —                   —                  (47)               (47)
               Transfers into level 3 (Note 2)                            2,812                   —                   —               2,812
               Additions                                                    123                   —                   —                 123


               At 31 December 2022                                        4,808                 109                  (17)             4,900

            Note 1:    During the year ended 31 December 2021, COSMO entered into a capital injection agreement with independent third
                       parties to increase share capital of the equity investment designated at FVTOCI at a total consideration of approximately
                       RMB1,175 million. The fair value of this equity investment designated at FVTOCI was determined based on the quoted
                       price of new value of consideration per share and was classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy


            Note 2:    During the year ended 31 December 2022, COSMO is classified as equity investment designated at FVTOCI and is
                       measured at fair value at each reporting date. The fair value of the investment as at 31 December 2022 was measured
                       using a valuation technique with significant unobservable inputs and hence was classified as Level 3 of the fair value
                       hierarchy.




294   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




45. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade and bills receivables and
   trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.

   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and
   liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and
   they are summarised below.

   Foreign currency risk
   The Group has transactional currency exposures. These exposures mainly arise from sales or
   purchases and borrowings by the Group’s other than the units’ functional currencies.

   The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
   possible change in USD and EUR exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s
   post-tax profit (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities). There is no
   significant impact on other components of the Group’s equity.


                                                             2022                             2021
                                                    Increase/      Increase/         Increase/      Increase/
                                                   (decrease)     (decrease)        (decrease)     (decrease)
                                                 in exchange         in profit    in exchange         in profit
                                                        rates     before tax             rates     before tax
                                                           %          RMB’M                 %          RMB’M


    If RMB strengthens against USD                           5            484                 5              598
    If RMB weakens against USD                              (5)          (484)               (5)            (598)
    If RMB strengthens against EUR                           5            505                 5              417
    If RMB weakens against EUR                              (5)          (505)               (5)            (417)




                                                                      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   295
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      45. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Foreign currency risk (continued)
            The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary
            liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                Monetary Assets              Monetary Liabilities
                                                                31 Dec       31 Dec           31 Dec         31 Dec
                                                                  2022         2021             2022            2021
                                                               RMB’M        RMB’M            RMB’M         RMB’M


               USD                                               14,358         10,022         24,534        22,588
               Japanese yen                                         371            808            508           869
               HKD                                                  578            395          2,323         2,126
               EUR                                                3,924          4,063         14,535        12,824
               Other                                              6,279          6,624          4,614         5,918


            Credit risk
            The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade and bills receivables,
            other deposits with limited use, and financial assets included in deposits and other receivables and
            other financial assets represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial
            assets. Substantially all of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits are held in
            major financial institutions, which management believes are of high credit quality and all classified as
            low credit risk from the management’s assessment as at 31 December 2022 and 2021, which is
            mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or
            effort. The Group has policies to control the size of the deposits to be placed with various reputable
            financial institutions according to their market reputation, operating scale and financial background with
            a view to limiting the amount of credit exposure to any single financial institution.

            The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and Haier Affiliates. It is the
            Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification
            procedures. In addition, trade receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s
            exposure to bad debts is not significant. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/
            counterparty. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer
            bases of the Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors.

            The credit risk of the Group’s trade and bills receivables arises from default of the counterparty, with a
            maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts and the Group applies the simplified approach in
            calculating ECLs of its trade and bills receivables.

            Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade and bills
            receivables and other receivables are respectively disclosed in notes 25 and 26 to consolidated
            financial statements.




296   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




45. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
   Interest rate risk
   The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to pledged bank deposits, fixed-rate
   bank borrowings and lease liabilities. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in
   relation to variable-rate bank borrowings. The Group cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated
   on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances and borrowings. The Group aims at keeping
   borrowings at variable rates. The Group manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential
   impact arising from any interest rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The
   management will review the proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are
   within reasonable range.

   Sensitivity analysis
   The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the
   end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at
   the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. The management assessed that if
   the interest rate increases/deceases by 1% (2021: 1%) (reasonably possible change), then the post-tax
   profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 would decrease/increase by RMB200 million (2021: 132
   million). Bank balances are excluded from sensitivity analysis as the management considers that the
   exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising from bank balances is insignificant.

   The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period
   are as follows:


                                                        2022      % of total           2021          % of total
                                                      RMB’M          loans           RMB’M              loans


    Variable rate borrowings                           24,038           92%           15,688              75%
    Fixed rate borrowings                               2,074            8%            5,355              25%


                                                       26,112         100%            21,043             100%


   Liquidity risk
   In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
   equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
   effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank
   borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

   As at 31 December 2022, the Group has available unutilised overdraft and short-term bank loan
   facilities of RMB103,803 million (2021: RMB91,563 million) in total. Details of which are set out in Note
   32.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   297
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      45. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Liquidity risk (continued)
            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and
            derivative instruments. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
            financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Specifically,
            bank loans with a repayment on demand clause are included in the earliest time band regardless of the
            probability of the banks choosing to exercise their rights. The maturity dates for other non-derivative
            financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

            31 December 2022


                                                                                                  Total
                                                  No fixed terms      Within       Over   undiscounted      Carrying
                                                   of repayment     one year   one year     cash flows       amount
                                                         RMB’M       RMB’M      RMB’M           RMB’M        RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                       —       66,975         —           66,975       66,975
               Other payables and accruals                24,709          —          —           24,709       24,709
               Interest-bearing borrowings                    —       13,251     14,508          27,759       26,112
               Derivative financial instruments               —          105         17             122          122
               Other non-current liabilities                  —           —          98              98           98
               Lease liabilities                              —        1,023      3,066           4,089        3,727


                                                          24,709      81,354     17,689         123,752      121,743


            31 December 2021 (Restated)


                                                                                                   Total
                                                   No fixed terms     Within       Over    undiscounted     Carrying
                                                    of repayment    one year   one year      cash flows     amount
                                                          RMB’M      RMB’M      RMB’M            RMB’M       RMB’M


               Trade and bills payables                       —       67,386         —           67,386       67,386
               Other payables and accruals                25,362          —          —           25,362       25,362
               Interest-bearing borrowings                    —       18,120      3,125          21,245       21,043
               Financial liabilities measured
                  at FVTPL                                    —           6          —                6            6
               Derivative financial instruments               —          80          —               80           80
               CB                                             —         362          —              362          335
               Other non-current liabilities                  —          —          112             112          112
               Lease liabilities                              —         726       2,275           3,001        2,649


                                                          25,362      86,680      5,512         117,554      116,973




298   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
   The Group sponsors a funded defined benefit plan for qualifying employees of its subsidiaries in the
   United States and Japan. The defined benefit plan is administered by a separate fund that is legally
   separated from the entity. The board of the pension fund is composed of an equal number of
   representatives from both employers and (former) employees. The board of the pension fund is
   required by law and by its articles of association to act in the interest of the fund and of all relevant
   stakeholders in the scheme, i.e. active employees, inactive employees, retirees, employers. The board
   of the pension fund is responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets of the fund.

   The defined benefit plan requires contributions from employees. Contributions are in the following two
   forms; one is based on the number of years of service and the other one is based on a fixed
   percentage of salary of the employees. Employees can also make discretionary contributions to the
   plan.

   The plans expose the Group to actuarial risks such as investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk
   and salary risk.

   Investment risk      The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a
                        discount rate determined by reference to high quality corporate bond yields; if the
                        return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit. Currently the
                        plan has a relatively balanced investment in equity securities and debt
                        instruments. Due to the long-term nature of the plan liabilities, the board of the
                        pension fund considers it appropriate that a reasonable portion of the plan assets
                        should be invested in equity securities and in real estate to leverage the return
                        generated by the fund.

   Interest rate risk   A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this
                        will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the plan’s debt
                        investments.

   Longevity risk       The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to
                        the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants both during and after their
                        employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will
                        increase the plan’s liability.

   Salary risk          The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to
                        the future salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the
                        plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.




                                                                     Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   299
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      46. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
                                                                           2022                                           2021
                                                                            Non-                                           Non-
                                                         Current          current         Total         Current          current       Total
                                                         RMB’M            RMB’M          RMB’M          RMB’M            RMB’M       RMB’M


               Defined pension benefit
                 (Note (a))                                      36             417          453              33              517       550
               Termination benefits                              —              387          387              —               453       453
               Provision for work-related
                 injury compensation                             —              207          207               —              203       203


               Total                                             36          1,011         1,047              33             1,173    1,206

            Note:


            (a)     Defined pension benefit


                    The Group’s major defined benefit plans are in Japan and the United States. The plans are either contributory final salary
                    pension plans, contributory career average pay plans or non-contributory guaranteed return defined contribution plans.


                    Summary of the (net assets)/net liabilities of the defined pension obligations are as follows:


                                                                                                                  2022                 2021
                                                                                                                RMB’M                 RMB’M


                       Haier Asia Co., Ltd. pension plans                                                             (40)                (58)
                       Roper Corporation pension plans                                                                124                129
                       Haier U.S. Appliances Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan                                     195                222
                       Haier U.S. Appliances Solutions, Inc. pension plans                                             35                  40


                       Total net liabilities of the defined pension obligations in the
                         United States and Japan                                                                      314                333
                       Others                                                                                         140                217


                                                                                                                      454                550


            The summary (net assets)/net liabilities of the defined pension obligations in the United States and
            Japan are as follows:

                                                                                                                2022                  2021
                                                                                                              RMB’M                  RMB’M


               Presents value of defined benefit obligation                                                           699               796
               Fair value of plan assets                                                                             (385)             (463)


                                                                                                                     314                333




300   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   The major amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the movements
   in the net defined pension benefit over the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

   (1)   Haier Asia Co., Ltd pension plan

                                                                             2022                  2021
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


          Discount rates                                                    0.50%                   0.50%
          Compensation increases                                            2.00%                   2.00%


         Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended
         31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

                                                                             2022                  2021
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


          As at 1 January                                                       279                    324
          Current service cost                                                    8                      9
          Interest cost                                                           1                      1
          Actuarial gains                                                        (2)                    —
          Exchange realignment                                                  (16)                    (40)
          Benefits paid                                                         (17)                    (15)


          As at 31 December                                                     253                    279


         Movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the years ended 31 December 2022 and
         2021 were as follows:

                                                                             2022                  2021
                                                                           RMB’M                  RMB’M


          As at 1 January                                                       337                    370
          Interest income                                                         6                      7
          Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in
             net interest expense)                                              (24)                     11
          Contributions from the employer                                         2                        3
          Exchange realignment                                                  (19)                    (46)
          Benefits paid                                                          (9)                      (8)


          As at 31 December                                                     293                    337




                                                                 Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   301
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      46. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (1)    Haier Asia Co., Ltd pension plan (continued)
                   The (net assets)/net liabilities of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                           RMB’M             RMB’M


                       As at 1 January                                                          (58)             (46)
                       Components of defined benefit cost recognised in profit
                         or loss                                                                  3                3
                       Components of defined benefit cost recognised in other
                         comprehensive income                                                    22              (11)
                       Other reconciling items                                                   (7)               (4)


                       As at 31 December                                                        (40)             (58)


                   The Group operated the pension plan in the Japan. The most recent actuarial valuations of plan
                   assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out at 31 December
                   2022 by Mr Tohru Shimada, Fellow of Institute of Actuaries of Japan and Sumitomo Life. The
                   present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past
                   service cost, were measured using the benefit approach method. As at 31 December 2022, the
                   actuarial value represented a funding level of 115.8% (2021: 120.8%) of the pension plan.

                   Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
                   rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
                   of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
                   assumptions constant.

                   •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                          12% or increase by 12% (2021: decrease by 11% or increase by 11%).

                   Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
                   obligation has been calculated using the benefit approach method at the end of the reporting
                   period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability
                   recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.




302   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (2)   Roper Corporation pension plan

                                                                                    2022                  2021
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           Discount rates                                                          5.59%                   2.91%
           Initial Trend Rate                                                      6.50%                   6.50%
           Ultimate Trend Rate                                                     5.00%                   5.00%


         Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended
         31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

                                                                                    2022                  2021
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                             129                    151
           Current service cost                                                          7                       6
           Interest cost                                                                 4                       3
           Actuarial gains                                                             (30)                    (12)
           Plan amendment                                                               10                      —
           Exchange realignment                                                         11                     (11)
           Benefits paid                                                                (7)                      (8)


           As at 31 December                                                           124                    129


         The (net assets)/net liabilities of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                    2022                  2021
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                             129                    151
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
             profit or loss                                                             11                       9
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
             other comprehensive income                                                (30)                    (12)
           Other reconciling items                                                      14                     (19)


           As at 31 December                                                           124                    129




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   303
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      46. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (2)    Roper Corporation pension plan (continued)
                   The Group operated the pension plan in the United States and the employee retired after
                   attainment of age 60 with 10 years of service eligible to participate the plan and applicable of
                   benefit for Medicare. The most recent actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined
                   benefit obligation were carried out at 31 December 2022 by John F. Stahl, a Fellow of the
                   Society of Actuaries, and Mark A. Adams, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled
                   Actuary of Willis Towers Watson. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the
                   related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using the projected unit credit
                   cost method.

                   Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligation are
                   discount rate, initial trend rate and ultimate trend rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been
                   determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the
                   end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.

                   •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                          7.9% or increase by 9.2% (2021: decrease by 9.8% or increase by 11.9%).

                   •      If the initial trend rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would increase
                          by 4.1% or decrease by 3.9% (2021: increase by 4.3% or decrease by 4.1%).

                   •      If the ultimate trend rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would increase
                          by 1.5% or decrease by 1.3% (2021: increase by 6.0% or decrease by 5.2%).

                   Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
                   obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit cost method at the end of the
                   reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation
                   liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.

            (3)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan

                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                          RMB’M                RMB’M


                       Discount rates                                                       5.51%               2.62%
                       Current Health Care Cost Trend Rate                                  7.00%               6.25%
                       Ultimate Health Care Cost Trend Rate                                 5.25%               5.00%




304   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (3)   Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan (continued)
         Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended
         31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

                                                                                    2022                  2021
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                             222                    293
           Interest cost                                                                 5                       5
           Actuarial gains                                                             (24)                    (30)
           Exchange realignment                                                         19                     (21)
           Benefits paid                                                               (27)                    (25)


           As at 31 December                                                           195                    222


         The (net assets)/net liabilities of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                    2022                  2021
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                             222                    293
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
             profit or loss                                                               5                      5
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
             other comprehensive income                                                (24)                    (30)
           Other reconciling items                                                      (8)                    (46)


           As at 31 December                                                           195                    222


         The Group operated the pension plan in the United States and the employee retired after
         attainment of age 60 with 10 years of service eligible to participate the plan. The most recent
         actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out at
         31 December 2022 by Jason Wilhite, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled
         Actuary, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled Actuary of Willis Towers Watson.
         The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past
         service cost, were measured using the projected unit credit cost method.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   305
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      46. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (3)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. post retirement plan (continued)
                   Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligation are
                   discount rate, current health care cost trend rate and ultimate health care trend rate. The
                   sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the
                   respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
                   assumptions constant.

                   •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                          5.2% or increase by 5.8% (2021: decrease by 6.6% or increase by 7.8%).

                   •      If the current health care cost trend rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation
                          would increase by 3.5% or decrease by 3.3% (2021: increase by 3.9% or decrease by
                          3.7%).

                   •      If the ultimate health care cost trend rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation
                          would increase by 0.2% or decrease by 0.2% (2021: increase by 0.8% decrease by 0.8%).

                   Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
                   obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit cost method at the end of the
                   reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation
                   liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.

            (4)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. pension plan

                                                                                              2022                2021
                                                                                            RMB’M                RMB’M


                       Discount rates                                                        5.51%                2.61%


                   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations during the years ended
                   31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

                                                                                              2022                2021
                                                                                            RMB’M                RMB’M


                       As at 1 January                                                          166                  224
                       Interest cost                                                              4                      4
                       Actuarial gains                                                          (23)                    (7)
                       Exchange realignment                                                      14                   (17)
                       Benefits paid                                                            (34)                  (38)


                       As at 31 December                                                        127                  166




306   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
   (4)   Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. pension plan (continued)
         Movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the years ended 31 December 2022 and
         2021 were as follows:

                                                                                    2022                  2021
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                             126                    160
           Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in
             net interest expense)                                                     (11)                      1
           Contributions from the employer                                               3                      14
           Exchange realignment                                                         10                     (11)
           Benefits paid                                                               (36)                    (38)


           As at 31 December                                                            92                    126


         The (net assets)/net liabilities of the defined benefit obligations are as follows.

                                                                                    2022                  2021
                                                                                  RMB’M                  RMB’M


           As at 1 January                                                              40                     64
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
             profit or loss                                                               4                      4
           Components of defined benefit cost recognised in
             other comprehensive income                                                (12)                      (8)
           Other reconciling items                                                       3                     (20)


           As at 31 December                                                            35                     40


         The Group operated the pension plan in the United States and the plan allowed employees’
         retirement prior to age 60 who eligible to participate the plan. The most recent actuarial
         valuations of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out
         at 31 December 2022 by Jason Wilhite, a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and an Enrolled
         Actuary of Willis Towers Watson. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the
         related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using projected unit credit
         cost method. As at 31 December 2022, the actuarial value represented a funding level of 72.5%
         (2021: 75.7%) of the pension plan.




                                                                        Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   307
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      46. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (continued)
            (4)    Haier U.S. Appliance Solutions, Inc. pension plan (continued)
                   Significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined benefit obligation is discount
                   rate. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes
                   of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other
                   assumptions constant.

                   •      If the discount rate is 1% higher or lower, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by
                          4.5% or increase by 5.1% (2021: decrease by 5.6% or increase by 6.6%).

                   Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
                   obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit cost method at the end of the
                   reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation
                   liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.

      47. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.

      48. COMMITMENTS
            The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                         RMB’M               RMB’M


               Contracted, but not provided for:
               Property, plant and equipment                                               4,008                 3,159


      49. PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS
            Pledge of assets
            The Group’s borrowings and bills payables had been secured by the pledge of the Group’s assets and
            the carrying amounts of the respective assets are as follows:

                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                         RMB’M               RMB’M


               Trade and bills receivables                                                10,661              14,441
               Pledged bank deposits                                                         665                 755




308   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




50. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the year ended are as follows:

                                                                               2022                  2021
                                                                             RMB’M                  RMB’M


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Property, plant and equipment                                                170                    197
    Right-of-use assets                                                            3                      5
    Other intangible assets                                                       45                     52
    Interests in associates                                                    3,119                  3,143
    Investments in subsidiaries                                               49,625                 49,371
    Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                    1,619                  1,615
    Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                1,034                     —
    Deferred tax assets                                                           —                      159
    Other non-current assets                                                   1,307                     807


    Total non-current assets                                                  56,922                 55,349


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Inventories                                                                    9                      1
    Trade and bills receivables                                                    1                      1
    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                   64                     23
    Amount due from subsidiaries                                              15,239                 17,064
    Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                1,643                    317
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                  5,747                  4,044


    Total current assets                                                      22,703                 21,450


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Trade and bills payables                                                      17                     17
    Other payables and accruals                                                  330                    422
    Amount due to subsidiaries                                                32,864                 34,256
    Contract liabilities                                                          13                     13
    Lease liabilities                                                             —                       1


    Total current liabilities                                                 33,224                 34,709


    NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                  (10,521)               (13,259)


    TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                     46,401                 42,090




                                                                   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   309
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      50. STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
                                                                                                           2022                         2021
                                                                                                         RMB’M                         RMB’M


               NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
               Interest-bearing borrowings                                                                  2,197                          —
               Deferred income                                                                                  4                         12
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                       421                        449


               Total non-current liabilities                                                                2,622                        461


               Net assets                                                                                 43,779                       41,629


               EQUITY
               Share capital (Note 36)                                                                     9,447                        9,399
               Reserves (Note)                                                                            34,332                       32,230


               Total equity                                                                               43,779                       41,629

            Note: A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                             Other
                                                       Contributed     Capital    Reserve   Retained comprehensive         Treasury        Total
                                                           surplus     reserve      funds     profits      income     share reserve      reserve
                                                           RMB’M       RMB’M       RMB’M     RMB’M         RMB’M            RMB’M        RMB’M


               As at 1 January 2021                         20,110        298       2,440      4,351           (10)              —        27,189
               Issue of shares upon conversion of CB         5,965        245          —          —             —                —         6,210
               Transfer to reserve fund                         —          —          393       (393)           —                —            —
               Total comprehensive income for
                   the year                                     —           —          —       3,933           631               —         4,564
               Purchase of treasury share                       —           —          —          —             —            (2,321)      (2,321)
               Business combination under common
                   control                                      (18)        —          —          —             —               —             (18)
               Cancellation of treasury share                 (794)         —          —          —             —              826             32
               Dividend payable                                  —          —          —      (3,421)           —               —         (3,421)
               Other changes                                     —          (5)        —          —             —               —               (5)


               As at 31 December 2021 and
                   1 January 2022                           25,263        538       2,833      4,470           621           (1,495)      32,230
               Issue of shares                                 899         —           —          —             —                —           899
               Issue of shares upon conversion of CB           339         —           —          —            (19)              —           320
               Transfer to reserve fund                         —          —          576       (576)           —                —            —
               Total comprehensive income for
                   the year                                     —          —           —       5,755            —                —         5,755
               Purchase of treasury share                       —          —           —          —             —            (1,143)      (1,143)
               Cancellation of treasury share                 (315)        —           —          —             —               330           15
               Dividend payable                                 —          —           —      (4,320)           —                —        (4,320)
               Other changes                                   (27)       603          —          —             —                —           576


               As at 31 December 2022                       26,159       1,141      3,409      5,329           602           (2,308)      34,332



            The Company’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the fair value of the shares of the
            subsidiaries acquired, over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued.




310   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




51. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
   Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.

52. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   According to the resolution of the 4th meeting of the 11th session of the Board of Directors of the
   Company held on 30 March 2023, the profit for the year is proposed to be distributed on the basis of
   the total number of shares on the record date after deducting the repurchased shares from the
   repurchased account when the plan is implemented in the future, the Company declared cash dividend
   of RMB5.66 (including taxes) for every 10 shares to all shareholders.

   The Company has no other significant event after the reporting period that needs to be disclosed.




                                                                    Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022   311
      FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group is set out
      below.

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                            2022           2021           2020       2019                2018
                                                          RMB’M         RMB’M          RMB’M        RMB’M             RMB’M
                                                                      (Restated)     (Restated)                     (Restated)


        RESULTS

        REVENUE                                            243,485      227,081           209,701       198,006       177,594
        Cost of sales                                     (168,919)    (157,528)         (148,867)     (139,393)     (125,415)


        Gross profit                                        74,566       69,553            60,834        58,613        52,179
        Other gains or losses                                2,912        2,059              3,994         3,324         2,389
        Selling and distribution expenses                  (38,598)     (36,584)          (33,641)      (33,843)      (29,076)
        Administrative expenses                            (21,677)     (20,265)          (17,924)      (17,165)      (14,029)
        Finance costs                                         (995)        (714)            (1,321)       (1,732)       (1,464)
        Share of profits and losses of associates            1,582        1,888              1,620         1,409         1,325


        PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                  17,790        15,937            13,562       10,606         11,326
        Income tax expenses                                (3,058)        (2,705)           (2,333)      (1,584)        (1,793)


        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                14,732        13,232            11,329         9,022         9,533

        DISCONTINUED OPERATION
        Profit for the year from discontinued operation         —             —                 —         3,313           367


        PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                14,732        13,232            11,329       12,335          9,900


        Attributable to:
           Owners of the Company                           14,711        13,079             8,883         8,206         7,484
           Non-controlling interests                           21           153             2,446         4,129         2,416


                                                           14,732        13,232            11,329       12,335          9,900



                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                             2022          2021              2020         2019           2018
                                                          RMB’M         RMB’M             RMB’M         RMB’M         RMB’M
                                                                      (Restated)        (Restated)                  (Restated)


        ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND
          NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS


        TOTAL ASSETS                                      235,843      217,741           203,498       187,454       168,092
        TOTAL LIABILITIES                                 (141,129)    (136,466)         (135,365)     (122,464)     (112,284)
        NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                           (1,291)      (1,290)           (1,295)      (17,103)      (16,066)


                                                           93,423        79,985            66,838       47,887         39,742




312   Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022
       2022            ANNUAL
                       REPORT




                                Household             Household
                                Air                   Water




        Household
        Intelligence




                                            Smart
                                            Kitchen




2022
