                                                                                                       CONSOLIDATED
                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    AND NOTES
                                                                                        FINANCIAL REPORTING RESPONSIBILITIES               99

                                                                                                  APPOINTED ACTUARY’S REPORT               100

                                                                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                101

                                                    REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM                               104

                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                  107
                                                                                                 Consolidated Statements of Operations     107
                                                                               Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)      108
                                                                                           Consolidated Statements of Financial Position   109
                                                                                          Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity     110
                                                                                                 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows     111

                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                         112
                                                                                            Significant Accounting Policies       Note 1   112
                                                                                           Changes in Accounting Policies         Note 2   122
                                                                                                     Acquisitions and Other       Note 3   123
                                                                                                    Segmented Information         Note 4   125
                                                               Total Invested Assets and Related Net Investment Income            Note 5   128
                                                                                   Financial Instrument Risk Management           Note 6   135
                                                                                               Insurance Risk Management          Note 7   146
                                                                                                                Other Assets      Note 8   149
                                                                                           Goodwill and Intangible Assets         Note 9   150
                                                         Insurance Contract Liabilities and Investment Contract Liabilities      Note 10   152
                                                                                                                 Reinsurance     Note 11   158
                                                                                                             Other Liabilities   Note 12   159
                                                                  Senior Debentures and Innovative Capital Instruments           Note 13   160
                                                                                                         Subordinated Debt       Note 14   162
                                                                                                                Share Capital    Note 15   162
                                                                                                  Interests in Other Entities    Note 16   164
                                                                                                                  Fee Income     Note 17   166
                                                                                                        Operating Expenses       Note 18   166
                                                                                                     Share-Based Payments        Note 19   167
                                                                                                               Income Taxes      Note 20   169
                                                                                                       Capital Management        Note 21   171
                                                                                                          Segregated Funds       Note 22   172
                                                                           Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies             Note 23   173
                                                                                                 Related Party Transactions      Note 24   175
                                                                       Pension Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits          Note 25   175
                                                                                                   Earnings (Loss) Per Share     Note 26   179
                                                                       Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)             Note 27   180
                                                                                                         Subsequent Events       Note 28   180




98   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   Consolidated Financial Statements
Financial Reporting Responsibilities
Management is responsible for preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements. This responsibility includes selecting appropriate accounting
policies and making estimates and other judgments consistent with International Financial Reporting Standards. The financial information presented
elsewhere in the annual report to shareholders is consistent with these Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Board of Directors ("Board") oversees management’s responsibilities for financial reporting. An Audit Committee of non-management directors
is appointed by the Board to review the Consolidated Financial Statements and report to the Board prior to their approval of the Consolidated
Financial Statements for issuance to shareholders. Other key responsibilities of the Audit Committee include reviewing the Company’s existing
internal control procedures and planned revisions to those procedures, and advising the Board on auditing matters and financial reporting issues.

Management is also responsible for maintaining systems of internal control that provide reasonable assurance that financial information is reliable,
that all financial transactions are properly authorized, that assets are safeguarded, and that Sun Life Financial Inc. and its subsidiaries, collectively
referred to as "the Company", adhere to legislative and regulatory requirements. These systems include the communication of policies and the
Company’s Code of Business Conduct throughout the organization. Internal controls are reviewed and evaluated by the Company’s internal
auditors.

Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2020,
based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, management has concluded that the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2020.

The Audit Committee also conducts such review and inquiry of management and the internal and external auditors as it deems necessary towards
establishing that the Company is employing appropriate systems of internal control, is adhering to legislative and regulatory requirements and is
applying the Company’s Code of Business Conduct. Both the internal and external auditors and the Company’s Appointed Actuary have full and
unrestricted access to the Audit Committee with and without the presence of management.

The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, Canada conducts periodic examinations of the Company. These examinations are designed
to evaluate compliance with provisions of the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and to ensure that the interests of policyholders, depositors, and
the public are safeguarded. The Company’s foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries are examined by regulators in their local jurisdictions.

The Company’s Appointed Actuary, who is a member of management, is appointed by the Board to discharge the various actuarial responsibilities
required under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada), and conducts the valuation of the Company’s actuarial liabilities. The role of the Appointed
Actuary is described in more detail in Note 10. The report of the Appointed Actuary accompanies these Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Company’s external auditor, Deloitte LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, has audited the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, in addition to auditing the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. Its reports to the Board and shareholders express unqualified opinions and accompany these
Consolidated Financial Statements. Deloitte LLP meets separately with both management and the Audit Committee to discuss the results of its audit.




Dean A. Connor                                                                Kevin D. Strain, CPA, CA
President and Chief Executive Officer                                         Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
February 10, 2021




                                                                Consolidated Financial Statements               Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   99
Appointed Actuary’s Report

THE SHAREHOLDERS AND DIRECTORS OF SUN LIFE FINANCIAL INC.
I have valued the policy liabilities and reinsurance recoverables of Sun Life Financial Inc. and its subsidiaries for its Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 and their change in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended
December 31, 2020 in accordance with accepted actuarial practice in Canada, including selection of appropriate assumptions and methods.

In my opinion, the amount of policy liabilities net of reinsurance recoverables makes appropriate provision for all policy obligations and the
Consolidated Financial Statements fairly present the results of the valuation.




Kevin Morrissey
Fellow, Canadian Institute of Actuaries

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
February 10, 2021




100   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020          Appointed Actuary's Report
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Sun Life Financial Inc.

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Sun Life Financial Inc. (the "Company"), which comprise the consolidated statements of
financial position as at December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in
equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies (collectively referred to as the "financial statements").

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at December
31, 2020 and 2019, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IFRS").

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards ("Canadian GAAS"). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent
of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Canada, and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2020. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our audit opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Insurance Contract Liabilities - Refer to Notes 1 and 10 to the Financial Statements
Key Audit Matter Description
The Company has significant insurance contract liabilities representing the majority of its total liabilities. Application of different assumptions may
result in different measurement of the insurance contract liabilities. There is insurance risk from the uncertainty of product performance due to
differences between the actual experience and expected experience. The Company uses various actuarial models to determine insurance contract
liabilities, some of which involve high levels of complexity.

While there are many assumptions which management makes, the assumptions with the greatest uncertainty are those related to mortality,
including the impact, if any, of the COVID-19 pandemic and lapse and other policyholder behaviour ("policyholder behaviour"). These assumptions
required subjective and complex auditor judgment in certain circumstances including where (i) there is limited Company and industry experience
data, (ii) the historical experience may not be a good indicator of the future, and (iii) the policyholder behaviour may be irrational. Auditing of
certain actuarial models and mortality and policyholder behaviour assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent
of audit effort, including the need for the integral involvement of actuarial specialists.

How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to actuarial models and assumptions of mortality and policyholder behaviour included the following, among others:
• We evaluated and tested the effectiveness of controls over actuarial models and the determination of the mortality and policyholder behaviour
  assumptions used in the calculation of insurance contract liabilities as well as access and change management controls over those actuarial
  models.
• With the assistance of actuarial specialists, we tested the reasonableness of key mortality and policyholder behaviour assumptions, by:
     • Evaluating management’s methods and assumptions in accordance with actuarial principles and practices under the Canadian actuarial
       standards of practice.
     • Testing experience studies and other inputs used in the determination of the mortality and policyholder behaviour assumptions.
     • Analyzing management’s interpretation of its experience study results, evaluating triggers and drivers for revisions of assumptions, assessing
       reasonably possible alternative assumptions, and considering industry and other external sources of data, where applicable.
• With the assistance of actuarial specialists, we tested the appropriateness of actuarial models used in the estimation process by:
     • Calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance policies and comparing the results to the
       Company’s results.
     • Testing the accuracy of a sample of actuarial models for changes in key assumptions.

Valuation of Investment Properties - Refer to Notes 1 and 5 to the Financial Statements
Key Audit Matter Description
Investment properties are accounted for at fair value. The fair values of investment properties are generally determined using property valuation
models and are based on expected capitalization rates and models that discount expected future net cash flows at current market expected rates of
return reflective of the characteristics, location, and market of each property. Expected future net cash flows include contractual and projected cash
flows and forecasted operating expenses, and take into account discount, rental, and occupancy rates derived from market surveys. The estimates
of future cash inflows in addition to expected rental income from current leases, include projected income from future leases based on significant
assumptions that are consistent with current market conditions.

The assumptions with the greatest uncertainty are the discount rates, terminal capitalization rates and future rental rates. Performing audit
procedures to assess inputs required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort, including the need for the integral
involvement of fair value specialists.


                                                                   Independent Auditor's Report               Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   101
How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to valuation models and assumptions including discount rates, terminal capitalization rates, and future rental rates
included the following, among others:
•    We evaluated and tested the effectiveness of controls over the fair value process for investment properties. These controls include an
     assessment and approval by senior management of the discount rates, terminal capitalization rates, and future rental rates assumptions used
     in the determination of the valuation of investment properties and the valuation conclusions relative to comparable properties.
•    With the assistance of fair value specialists, we evaluated on a sample basis the reasonableness of management’s discount rates, terminal
     capitalization rates, and future rental rates assumptions and valuation conclusions by comparing them to the discount rates, terminal
     capitalization rates and future rental rates of market surveys and transactions in comparable properties.

Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
•   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
•   The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s reports thereon, in the Annual Report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion
thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we have performed on this other
information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact in this auditor’s report.
We have nothing to report in this regard.

The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If, based on the work we will perform on this other
information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact to those charged with
governance.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and for such internal
control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the
Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.




102   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020          Independent Auditor's Report
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:
•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit
     procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
     not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
     intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
     but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by
     management.
•    Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained,
     whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a
     going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
     disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
     evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as
     a going concern.
•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial
     statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Company to
     express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We
     remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,
and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is William A. Cunningham.



/s/ Deloitte LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
February 10, 2021




                                                                  Independent Auditor's Report              Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   103
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Sun Life Financial Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Sun Life Financial Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of
December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity and cash flows,
for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and
2019, and its financial performance and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 10, 2021, expressed an
unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the
financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex auditor judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Insurance Contract Liabilities - Refer to Notes 1 and 10 to the Financial Statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company has significant insurance contract liabilities representing the majority of its total liabilities. Application of different assumptions may
result in different measurement of the insurance contract liabilities. There is insurance risk from the uncertainty of product performance due to
differences between the actual experience and expected experience. The Company uses various actuarial models to determine insurance contract
liabilities, some of which involve high levels of complexity.

While there are many assumptions which management makes, the assumptions with the greatest uncertainty are those related to mortality,
including the impact, if any, of the COVID-19 pandemic, and lapse and other policyholder behaviour ("policyholder behaviour"). These assumptions
required subjective and complex auditor judgment in certain circumstances, including where (i) there is limited Company and industry experience
data, (ii) the historical experience may not be a good indicator of the future, and (iii) the policyholder behaviour may be irrational. Auditing of
certain actuarial models and mortality and policyholder behaviour assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent
of audit effort, including the need for the integral involvement of actuarial specialists.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to actuarial models and assumptions of mortality and policyholder behaviour included the following, among others:
•    We evaluated and tested the effectiveness of controls over actuarial models and the determination of the mortality and policyholder
     behaviour assumptions used in the calculation of insurance contract liabilities as well as access and change management controls over those
     actuarial models.
•    With the assistance of actuarial specialists, we tested the reasonableness of key mortality and policyholder behaviour assumptions, by:
       •     Evaluating management’s methods and assumptions in accordance with actuarial principles and practices under the Canadian actuarial
             standards of practice.
       •     Testing experience studies and other inputs used in the determination of the mortality and policyholder behaviour assumptions.
       •     Analyzing management’s interpretation of its experience study results, evaluating triggers and drivers for revisions of assumptions,
             assessing reasonably possible alternative assumptions, and considering industry and other external sources of data, where applicable.
•    With the assistance of actuarial specialists, we tested the appropriateness of actuarial models used in the estimation process by:
       •     Calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance policies and comparing the results to
             the Company’s results.
       •     Testing the accuracy of a sample of actuarial models for changes in key assumptions.




104   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020           Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Valuation of Investment Properties - Refer to Notes 1 and 5 to the Financial Statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
Investment properties are accounted for at fair value. The fair values of investment properties are generally determined using property valuation
models and are based on expected capitalization rates and models that discount expected future net cash flows at current market expected rates of
return reflective of the characteristics, location, and market of each property. Expected future net cash flows include contractual and projected cash
flows and forecasted operating expenses, and take into account discount, rental, and occupancy rates derived from market surveys. The estimates
of future cash inflows in addition to expected rental income from current leases, include projected income from future leases based on significant
assumptions that are consistent with current market conditions.

The assumptions with the greatest uncertainty are the discount rates, terminal capitalization rates and future rental rates. Performing audit
procedures to assess inputs required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort, including the need for the integral
involvement of fair value specialists.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to valuation models and assumptions including discount rates, terminal capitalization rates, and future rental rates
included the following, among others:
•    We evaluated and tested the effectiveness of controls over the fair value process for investment properties. These controls include an
     assessment and approval by senior management of the discount rates, terminal capitalization rates, and future rental rates assumptions used
     in the determination of the valuation of investment properties and the valuation conclusions relative to comparable properties.
•    With the assistance of fair value specialists, we evaluated on a sample basis the reasonableness of management’s discount rates, terminal
     capitalization rates, and future rental rates assumptions and valuation conclusions by comparing them to the discount rates, terminal
     capitalization rates and future rental rates of market surveys and transactions in comparable properties.




/s/ Deloitte LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
February 10, 2021

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1875.




                                          Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm           Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   105
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Sun Life Financial Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Sun Life Financial Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2020,
based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, of the Company and our report dated February 10, 2021,
expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Financial Reporting Responsibilities report. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.



/s/ Deloitte LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
February 10, 2021




106   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020           Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the years ended December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars, except for per share amounts)                                         2020                  2019

Revenue
   Premiums
      Gross                                                                                                                      $    26,190             $   22,680
      Less: Ceded                                                                                                                      2,452                  2,392
     Net premiums                                                                                                                     23,738                 20,288
     Net investment income (loss):
        Interest and other investment income (Note 5)                                                                                  5,407                  5,855
        Fair value and foreign currency changes on assets and liabilities (Note 5)                                                     6,860                  7,118
        Net gains (losses) on available-for-sale assets                                                                                  451                    167
     Net investment income (loss)                                                                                                     12,718                 13,140
     Fee income (Note 17)                                                                                                              6,881                  6,251
Total revenue                                                                                                                         43,337                 39,679

Benefits and expenses
   Gross claims and benefits paid (Note 10)                                                                                           18,307                 17,421
   Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities (Note 10)                                                                    14,860                 11,367
   Decrease (increase) in reinsurance assets (Note 10)                                                                                   204                    (28)
   Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities (Note 10)                                                                       61                     65
   Reinsurance expenses (recoveries) (Note 11)                                                                                        (2,353)                (2,131)
   Commissions                                                                                                                         2,612                  2,417
   Net transfer to (from) segregated funds (Note 22)                                                                                  (1,825)                  (437)
   Operating expenses (Note 18)                                                                                                        7,401                  7,033
   Premium taxes                                                                                                                         428                    406
   Interest expense                                                                                                                      355                    333
Total benefits and expenses                                                                                                           40,050                 36,446

Income (loss) before income taxes                                                                                                       3,287                 3,233
   Less: Income tax expense (benefit) (Note 20)                                                                                           495                   286

Total net income (loss)                                                                                                                 2,792                 2,947
   Less: Net income (loss) attributable to participating policyholders (Note 21)                                                          283                   230
         Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                       11                     4

Shareholders’ net income (loss)                                                                                                         2,498                 2,713
   Less: Preferred shareholders’ dividends                                                                                                 94                    95
Common shareholders’ net income (loss)                                                                                           $      2,404            $    2,618

Average exchange rates during the reporting periods:                                                 U.S. dollars                         1.34                 1.33


Earnings (loss) per share (Note 26)
   Basic earnings (loss) per share                                                                                               $        4.11           $     4.42
   Diluted earnings (loss) per share                                                                                             $        4.10           $     4.40

Dividends per common share                                                                                                       $      2.200            $    2.100

The attached notes form part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                           Consolidated Financial Statements        Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   107
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

For the years ended December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars)                                            2020         2019

Total net income (loss)                                                                                   $   2,792    $   2,947
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes:
   Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income:
      Change in unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses):
          Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                           (204)        (564)
      Change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale assets:
          Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                            658          489
          Reclassifications to net income (loss)                                                              (339)        (120)
      Change in unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges:
          Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                             (15)          33
          Reclassifications to net income (loss)                                                                  9          (19)
      Share of other comprehensive income (loss) in joint ventures and associates:
          Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                              (9)          (9)
      Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to income                                              100         (190)
      Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to income:
         Remeasurement of defined benefit plans                                                                 22           (42)
      Total items that will not be reclassified subsequently to income                                          22           (42)
Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                        122         (232)
Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                                             2,914        2,715
   Less: Participating policyholders’ comprehensive income (loss) (Note 21)                                     277          227
         Non-controlling interests’ comprehensive income (loss)                                                  11            4
Shareholders’ comprehensive income (loss)                                                                 $   2,626    $   2,484



INCOME TAXES INCLUDED IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

For the years ended December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars)                                            2020         2019

Income tax benefit (expense):
   Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income:
      Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses)                                              $    (16)    $     —
      Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale assets                                                  (180)        (110)
      Reclassifications to net income for available-for-sale assets                                             87           31
      Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                              2          (13)
      Reclassifications to net income for cash flow hedges                                                       1            8
      Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to income                                             (106)          (84)
      Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to income:
         Remeasurement of defined benefit plans                                                                  (8)         21
      Total items that will not be reclassified subsequently to income                                           (8)         21
Total income tax benefit (expense) included in other comprehensive income (loss)                          $   (114)    $     (63)

The attached notes form part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




108    Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020                   Consolidated Financial Statements
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                     2020                  2019

Assets
   Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities (Note 5)                                                                     $    13,527             $     9,575
   Debt securities (Notes 5 and 6)                                                                                                    89,089                  81,606
   Equity securities (Notes 5 and 6)                                                                                                   6,631                   4,787
   Mortgages and loans (Notes 5 and 6)                                                                                                49,946                  48,222
   Derivative assets (Notes 5 and 6)                                                                                                   2,160                   1,548
   Other invested assets (Note 5)                                                                                                      5,778                   5,357
   Policy loans (Note 5)                                                                                                               3,265                   3,218
   Investment properties (Note 5)                                                                                                      7,516                   7,306
   Invested assets                                                                                                                   177,912                 161,619
   Other assets (Note 8)                                                                                                               5,152                   5,216
   Reinsurance assets (Notes 10 and 11)                                                                                                3,843                   4,024
   Deferred tax assets (Note 20)                                                                                                       1,634                   1,455
   Intangible assets (Note 9)                                                                                                          2,477                   2,083
   Goodwill (Note 9)                                                                                                                   6,072                   5,832
   Total general fund assets                                                                                                         197,090                 180,229
   Investments for account of segregated fund holders (Note 22)                                                                      125,921                 116,973
Total assets                                                                                                                     $ 323,011               $ 297,202

Liabilities and equity
Liabilities
   Insurance contract liabilities (Note 10)                                                                                      $ 145,773               $ 131,184
   Investment contract liabilities (Note 10)                                                                                         3,189                   3,116
   Derivative liabilities (Notes 5 and 6)                                                                                            1,744                   2,040
   Deferred tax liabilities (Note 20)                                                                                                  383                     406
   Other liabilities (Note 12)                                                                                                      14,858                  14,937
   Senior debentures (Note 13)                                                                                                         500                     500
   Subordinated debt (Note 14)                                                                                                       4,781                   3,538
   Total general fund liabilities                                                                                                  171,228                 155,721
   Insurance and investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders (Note 22)                                             125,921                 116,973
Total liabilities                                                                                                                $ 297,149               $ 272,694
Equity
   Issued share capital and contributed surplus                                                                                  $    10,591             $    10,619
   Shareholders’ retained earnings and accumulated other comprehensive income                                                         13,878                  12,779
   Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                         24,469                  23,398
   Participating policyholders’ equity                                                                                                 1,368                   1,091
   Non-controlling interests’ equity                                                                                                      25                      19
Total equity                                                                                                                     $    25,862             $    24,508
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                     $ 323,011               $ 297,202

Exchange rates at the end of the reporting periods:                                                U.S. dollars                           1.27                  1.30

The attached notes form part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

Approved on behalf of the Board of Directors on February 10, 2021.




Dean A. Connor                                                                            Sara Grootwassink Lewis
President and Chief Executive Officer                                                     Director




                                                                           Consolidated Financial Statements        Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   109
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the years ended December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars)                                             2020          2019

Shareholders:
   Preferred shares (Note 15)
      Balance, beginning and end of year                                                                  $    2,257    $    2,257
   Common shares (Note 15)
      Balance, beginning of year                                                                               8,289         8,419
      Stock options exercised                                                                                     23            28
      Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                   (50)         (158)
         Balance, end of year                                                                                  8,262         8,289
      Contributed surplus
         Balance, beginning of year                                                                               73            73
         Share-based payments                                                                                      4             5
         Stock options exercised                                                                                  (5)           (5)
         Balance, end of year                                                                                     72            73
      Retained earnings
         Balance, beginning of year                                                                           11,318        11,267
         Adjustment for change in accounting policy (Note 2)                                                      —            (22)
         Balance, beginning of year, after change in accounting policy                                        11,318        11,245
         Net income (loss)                                                                                     2,498         2,713
         Dividends on common shares                                                                           (1,283)       (1,236)
         Dividends on preferred shares                                                                           (94)          (95)
         Common shares purchased for cancellation (Note 15)                                                     (150)         (434)
         Changes attributable to acquisition (Note 3)                                                             —           (875)
         Balance, end of year                                                                                 12,289        11,318
      Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes (Note 27)
         Balance, beginning of year                                                                            1,461         1,690
         Total other comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                                    128          (229)
          Balance, end of year                                                                                 1,589         1,461
Total shareholders’ equity, end of year                                                                   $   24,469    $   23,398

Participating policyholders:
       Balance, beginning of year                                                                         $    1,091    $     864
       Net income (loss) (Note 21)                                                                               283          230
       Total other comprehensive income (loss) for the year (Note 27)                                             (6)          (3)
Total participating policyholders’ equity, end of year                                                    $    1,368    $    1,091

Non-controlling interests:
      Balance, beginning of year                                                                          $       19    $       —
      Net income (loss)                                                                                           11             4
      Changes attributable to acquisition (Note 3)                                                                —             15
      Additional contribution                                                                                     13            —
      Distribution to non-controlling interests                                                                  (18)           —
Total non-controlling interests’ equity, end of year                                                      $       25    $       19
Total equity                                                                                              $   25,862    $   24,508

The attached notes form part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




110    Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020                   Consolidated Financial Statements
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
For the years ended December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                          2020                   2019

Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities
   Income (loss) before income taxes                                                                                                $      3,287             $    3,233
   Adjustments:
       Interest expense related to financing activities                                                                                     209                      249
       Increase (decrease) in insurance and investment contract liabilities                                                              14,921                   11,432
       Decrease (increase) in reinsurance assets                                                                                            204                      (28)
       Realized and unrealized (gains) losses and foreign currency changes on invested assets                                            (7,311)                  (7,285)
   Sales, maturities and repayments of invested assets                                                                                   76,289                   59,162
   Purchases of invested assets                                                                                                         (81,709)                 (64,165)
   Income taxes received (paid)                                                                                                            (690)                    (698)
   Mortgage securitization (Note 5)                                                                                                         197                      264
   Other operating activities(1)                                                                                                          1,856                      310
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                                        7,253                  2,474

Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities
   Net (purchase) sale of property and equipment                                                                                            (158)                  (114)
   Investment in and transactions with joint ventures and associates (Note 16)                                                                (1)                    19
   Dividends received from joint ventures and associates (Note 16)                                                                            29                     45
   Acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents (Note 3)(2)                                                                               (469)                  (167)
   Other investing activities                                                                                                               (287)                  (213)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                                                                         (886)                  (430)

Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities
   Increase in (repayment of) borrowed funds                                                                                                  81                     132
   Issuance of subordinated debt, net of issuance costs (Note 14)                                                                          1,740                     747
   Repayment of senior financing (Note 12)                                                                                                (2,020)                     —
   Increase in (repayment of) borrowings from credit facility(1)                                                                             275                      73
   Redemption of senior debentures and subordinated debt (Notes 13 and 14)                                                                  (500)                 (1,050)
   Issuance of common shares on exercise of stock options                                                                                     18                      23
   Transactions with non-controlling interests                                                                                                (5)                     —
   Common shares purchased for cancellation (Note 15)                                                                                       (200)                   (592)
   Dividends paid on common and preferred shares                                                                                          (1,360)                 (1,318)
   Payment of lease liabilities                                                                                                             (136)                   (125)
   Interest expense paid                                                                                                                    (205)                   (253)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                                       (2,312)                 (2,363)
Changes due to fluctuations in exchange rates                                                                                                    (92)              (190)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                           3,963                   (509)
Net cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                           6,685                  7,194
Net cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                                               10,648                   6,685
Short-term securities, end of year                                                                                                         2,873                  2,860
Net cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities, end of year (Note 5)                                                          $    13,521              $    9,545
(1)
      Reflects a change in presentation for our credit facility effective January 1, 2020. We have updated our prior period to reflect this change in presentation.
(2)
      Consists of total cash consideration paid of $514 ($192 in 2019), less cash and cash equivalents acquired of $45 ($25 in 2019).

The attached notes form part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                           Consolidated Financial Statements           Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2020   111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars, except for per share amounts and where otherwise stated. All amounts stated in U.S. dollars are in millions.)


1. Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Sun Life Financial Inc. ("SLF Inc.") is a publicly traded company domiciled in Canada and is the holding company of Sun Life Assurance Company of
Canada ("Sun Life Assurance"). Both companies are incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada), and are regulated by the Office of
the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, Canada ("OSFI"). SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as "us", "our", "ours", "we", or
"the Company". We are an internationally diversified financial services organization providing savings, retirement and pension products, and life and
health insurance to individuals and groups through our operations in Canada, the United States ("U.S."), Asia, and the United Kingdom ("UK"). We
also operate mutual fund and investment management businesses, primarily in Canada, the U.S., and Asia.

Statement of Compliance
We prepared our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as issued and adopted
by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). Our accounting policies have been applied consistently within our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Basis of Presentation
Our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position are presented in the order of liquidity and each statement of financial position line item includes
both current and non-current balances, as applicable.

We have defined our reportable business segments and the amounts disclosed for those segments based on our management structure and the
manner in which our internal financial reporting is conducted. Transactions between segments are executed and priced on an arm’s-length basis in a
manner similar to transactions with third parties.

The significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements are summarized below and are applied
consistently by us.

Estimates, Assumptions and Judgments
The application of our accounting policies requires estimates, assumptions and judgments as they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain.
We have established procedures to ensure that our accounting policies are applied consistently and that the processes for changing methodologies
for determining estimates are controlled and occur in an appropriate and systematic manner.

Use of Estimates and Assumptions
The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the application of our policies
and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. Key sources of estimation uncertainty include the measurement of insurance
contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities, determination of fair value, impairment of financial instruments, determination and
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, determination of provisions and liabilities for pension plans, other post-retirement benefits, income
taxes, and the determination of fair value of share-based payments. Actual results may differ from our estimates thereby impacting our
Consolidated Financial Statements. Information on our use of estimates and assumptions are discussed in this Note.

Judgments
In preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, we use judgments to select assumptions and determine estimates as described above.
We also use judgment when applying accounting policies and when determining the classification of insurance contracts, investment contracts and
service contracts; the substance of whether our relationship with a structured entity, subsidiary, joint venture or associate constitutes control, joint
control or significant influence; functional currencies; contingencies; acquisitions; deferred income tax assets; and the determination of cash
generating unit ("CGU").

COVID-19 Pandemic Considerations
In early 2020, the world was impacted by COVID-19, which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The overall impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic is still uncertain and dependent on the progression of the virus and on actions taken by governments, businesses and
individuals, which could vary by country and result in differing outcomes.

The application of our accounting policies requires estimates, assumptions and judgments as they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain.
We have established procedures to ensure that our accounting policies are applied consistently and that the processes for changing methodologies
for determining estimates are controlled and occur in an appropriate and systematic manner. For our insurance contract liabilities, no material
COVID-19 specific provisions or adjustments to our long-term assumptions have been made, and we continue to monitor our experience and
exposure to the COVID-19 pandemic.




112   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Significant estimates and judgments have been made in the following areas and are discussed as noted:

Insurance contract and investment contract assumptions               Note 1 Insurance Contract Liabilities and Investment Contract Liabilities
   and measurement                                                   Note 10 Insurance Contract Liabilities and Investment Contract Liabilities
Determination of fair value                                          Note 1 Basis of Consolidation
                                                                     Note 1 Determination of Fair Value
                                                                     Note 3 Acquisitions and Other
                                                                     Note 5 Total Invested Assets and Related Net Investment Income
Impairment of financial instruments                                  Note 1 Financial Assets Excluding Derivative Financial Instruments
                                                                     Note 6 Financial Instrument Risk Management
Income taxes                                                         Note 1 Income Taxes
                                                                     Note 20 Income Taxes
Pension plans                                                        Note 1 Pension Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits
                                                                     Note 25 Pension Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits
Goodwill and intangible assets on acquisition and                    Note 1 Goodwill
  impairment                                                         Note 1 Intangible Assets
                                                                     Note 3 Acquisitions and Other
                                                                     Note 9 Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Determination of control for purpose of consolidation                Note 1 Basis of Consolidation
                                                                     Note 16 Interests in Other Entities
Share-based payments                                                 Note 19 Share-Based Payments


Basis of Consolidation
Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the results of operations and the financial position of subsidiaries, which includes structured entities
controlled by us, after intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date we obtain
control, and deconsolidated on the date control ceases. The acquisition method is used to account for the acquisition of a subsidiary from an
unrelated party at the date that control is obtained, with the difference between the consideration transferred and the fair value of the subsidiary’s
net identifiable assets acquired recorded as goodwill. Judgment is required to determine fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a
business combination.

We control an entity when we have power over an entity, exposure to or rights to variable returns from our involvement with an entity, and the
ability to affect our returns through our power over an entity. Power exists when we have rights that give us the ability to direct the relevant
activities, which are those activities that could significantly affect the entity’s returns. Power can be obtained through voting rights or other
contractual arrangements. Judgment is required to determine the relevant activities and which party has power over these activities. When we have
power over and variable returns from an entity, including an investment fund that we manage, we also apply significant judgment in determining
whether we are acting as a principal or agent. To make this determination, we consider factors such as how much discretion we have regarding the
management of the investment fund and the magnitude and extent of variability associated with our interests in the fund. If we determine we are
the principal rather than the agent, we would consolidate the assets and liabilities of the fund. Interests held by external parties in investment funds
that we consolidate are recorded as third-party interest in consolidated investment funds in Other liabilities. If we lose control of an entity, the
assets and liabilities of that entity are derecognized from our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at the date at which control is lost and
any investment retained is remeasured to fair value.

A joint venture exists when SLF Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, has joint control of a joint arrangement and has rights to the net assets of the
arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control and exists only when the decisions about the relevant activities require the
unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Associates are entities over which SLF Inc. or its subsidiaries are able to exercise significant
influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an investee but not have control or joint
control over those decisions. Significant influence is generally presumed to exist when SLF Inc. or its subsidiaries holds greater than 20% of the
voting power of the investee but does not have control or joint control. The equity method is used to account for our interests in joint ventures and
associates. A joint operation exists when SLF Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, has joint control of an arrangement that gives it rights to the assets and
obligations for the liabilities of the operation, rather than the net assets of the arrangement. For joint operations, we record our share of the assets,
liabilities, revenue and expenses of the joint operation. Judgment is required to determine whether contractual arrangements between multiple
parties results in control, joint control or significant influence, with consideration of the relevant activities of the entity, voting rights, representation
on boards of directors and other decision-making factors. Judgment is also required to determine if a joint arrangement is a joint venture or joint
operation, with consideration of our rights and obligations and the structure and legal form of the arrangement.

Determination of Fair Value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Fair
value is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability. We determine fair value by using
quoted prices in active markets for identical or similar assets or liabilities. When quoted prices in active markets are not available, fair value is
determined using valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs. When observable valuation inputs are not available, significant
judgment is required to determine fair value by assessing the valuation techniques and valuation inputs. The use of alternative valuation techniques
or valuation inputs may result in a different fair value. A description of the fair value methodologies, assumptions, valuation techniques, and
valuation inputs by type of asset is included in Note 5.




                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements               Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   113
Foreign Currency Translation
Translation of Transactions in Foreign Currencies
The financial results of SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are prepared in the currency in which they conduct their ordinary
course of business, which is referred to as functional currency. Transactions occurring in currencies other than the functional currency are translated
to the functional currency using the spot exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the statement of financial
position date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies that are held at fair value are translated using the exchange rate at the
statement of financial position date, while non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at historical cost are translated using the exchange
rate at the date of the transaction.

The resulting exchange differences from the translation of monetary items and non-monetary items held at fair value, with changes in fair value
recorded to income, are recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. For monetary assets classified as available-for-sale ("AFS"),
translation differences calculated on amortized cost are recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and other changes in carrying
amount are recognized in other comprehensive income ("OCI"). The exchange differences from the translation of non-monetary items classified as
AFS are recognized in OCI.

Translation to the Presentation Currency
In preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, the financial statements of foreign operations are translated from their respective functional
currencies to Canadian dollars, our presentation currency. Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing exchange rate at the statement of
financial position date, and income and expenses are translated using the average exchange rates. The accumulated gains or losses arising from
translation of functional currencies to the presentation currency, net of the effect of any hedges, are included as a separate component of OCI
within equity. Upon disposal of a foreign operation that includes loss of control, significant influence or joint control, the cumulative exchange gain
or loss related to that foreign operation is recognized in income.

Invested Assets
Financial Assets Excluding Derivative Financial Instruments
Financial assets include cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities, debt securities, equity securities, mortgages and loans, financial assets
included in other invested assets and policy loans. Financial assets are designated as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ("FVTPL") or
AFS assets, or are classified as loans and receivables at initial recognition.

The following table summarizes the financial assets included in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and the asset classifications
applicable to these assets:

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities                                                                                                      FVTPL
Debt securities                                                                                                                               FVTPL and AFS
Equity securities                                                                                                                             FVTPL and AFS
Mortgages and loans                                                                                                                    Loans and receivables
Other invested assets                                                                                                                         FVTPL and AFS
Policy loans                                                                                                                           Loans and receivables
Mortgages and loans include mortgages, loans and debt securities not quoted in an active market. Financial assets included in Other invested assets
include investments in limited partnerships, segregated funds and mutual funds. Cash equivalents are highly liquid instruments with a term to
maturity of three months or less, while short-term securities have a term to maturity exceeding three months but less than one year. Policy loans
are fully secured by the policy values on which the loans are made. The accounting for each asset classification is described in the following sections.

i) Initial Recognition and Subsequent Measurement
Generally, debt securities, equity securities and other invested assets supporting our insurance contract liabilities or investment contract liabilities
measured at fair value are designated as FVTPL, while debt securities, equity securities and other invested assets not supporting our insurance
contract liabilities or that are supporting investment contract liabilities are measured at amortized cost or designated as AFS. Mortgages and loans
and policy loans are classified as loans and receivables. Financial assets are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position on their
trade dates, which are the dates that we commit to purchase or sell the assets. Originated mortgages and loans are recognized in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position on their funding dates.

Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss
Financial assets at FVTPL include financial assets that are held-for-trading ("HFT"), as well as financial assets that have been designated as FVTPL at
initial recognition. A financial asset is classified as HFT if it is acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term. A financial asset can be
designated as FVTPL if it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring
assets or liabilities or recognizing the gains and losses on them on different bases; or if a group of financial assets, financial liabilities or both, is
managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis. Cash equivalents and short-term securities have been classified as HFT.

Generally, debt securities, equity securities and other invested assets supporting insurance contract liabilities or investment contract liabilities
measured at fair value have been designated as FVTPL. This designation has been made to eliminate or significantly reduce the measurement
inconsistency that would arise due to the measurement of the insurance contract or investment contract liabilities, which are based on the carrying
value of the assets supporting those liabilities. Because the carrying value of insurance contract liabilities is determined by reference to the assets
supporting those liabilities, changes in the insurance contract liabilities generally offset changes in the fair value of debt securities classified as

114   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
FVTPL, except for changes that are due to impairment. The majority of equity securities and other invested assets classified as FVTPL are held to
support products where investment returns are passed through to policyholders and therefore, changes in the fair value of those assets are
significantly offset by changes in insurance contract liabilities.

Financial assets classified as FVTPL are recorded at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and transaction costs are
expensed immediately. Changes in fair value as well as realized gains and losses on sale are recorded in Fair value and foreign currency changes on
assets and liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest income earned and dividends received are recorded in Interest and
other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Available-for-Sale Financial Assets
Financial assets classified as AFS are recorded at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and transaction costs are capitalized
on initial recognition. Transaction costs for debt securities are recognized in income using the effective interest method, while transaction costs for
equity securities and other invested assets are recognized in income when the asset is derecognized. Changes in fair value are recorded to
unrealized gains and losses in OCI. For foreign currency translation, exchange differences calculated on the amortized cost of AFS debt securities are
recognized in income and exchange differences calculated on other changes in carrying amount are recognized in OCI. The exchange differences
from the translation of AFS equity securities and other invested assets are recognized in OCI. Interest income earned and dividends received are
recorded in Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Net impairment losses and realized gains and
losses on the sale of assets classified as AFS are reclassified from accumulated OCI to Net gains (losses) on available-for-sale assets in our
Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Loans and Receivables
Loans and receivables are generally carried at amortized cost. Transaction costs for mortgages and loans are capitalized on initial recognition and
are recognized in income using the effective interest method. Realized gains and losses on the sale of mortgages and loans, interest income earned,
and fee income are recorded in Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Solely Payments of Principal and Interest ("SPPI") Disclosures
In September 2016, the IASB issued Amendments to IFRS 4 to allow insurance entities whose predominant activities are to issue contracts within the
scope of IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts ("IFRS 4") an optional temporary exemption from applying IFRS 9 Financial Instruments ("IFRS 9") ("deferral
approach"). We qualify and have elected to take the deferral approach as our activities are predominantly connected with insurance and we will
continue to apply IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement ("IAS 39"), the existing financial instrument standard.

To enable a comparison to entities applying IFRS 9 we disclose those invested assets that pass the SPPI test, excluding any that are managed and
whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis. Except for Debt securities designated as AFS and Mortgages and loans, our financial assets are
managed and their performance is evaluated on a fair value basis. Please refer to Note 5.A.i for the related disclosure as at December 31, 2020 and
2019.

Financial assets that pass the SPPI test are assets with contractual terms that give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

ii) Derecognition
Financial assets are derecognized when our rights to contractual cash flows expire, when we transfer substantially all our risks and rewards of
ownership, or when we no longer retain control.

iii) Impairment
Financial assets are assessed for impairment on a quarterly basis. Financial assets are impaired and impairment losses are incurred if there is
objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more loss events and that event has an impact on the estimated future cash flows that can be
reliably estimated. Objective evidence of impairment generally includes significant financial difficulty of the issuer, including actual or anticipated
bankruptcy or defaults and delinquency in payments of interest or principal or disappearance of an active market for that financial asset. Objective
evidence of impairment for an investment in an equity instrument or other invested asset also includes, but is not limited to, the financial condition
and near-term prospects of the issuer, including information about significant changes with adverse effects that have taken place in the
technological, market, economic, or legal environment in which the issuer operates that may indicate that the carrying amount will not be
recovered, and a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of an equity instrument or other invested asset below its cost. Management
exercises considerable judgment in assessing for objective evidence of impairment. Due to the inherent risks and uncertainties in our evaluation of
assets or groups of assets for objective evidence of impairment, the actual impairment amount and the timing of the recognition of impairment may
differ from management assessment. The impairment assessment process is discussed in Note 6.

Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss
Since financial assets classified as FVTPL are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded to income, any reduction in value of the assets
due to impairment is already reflected in income. However, the impairment of assets classified as FVTPL generally impacts the change in insurance
contract liabilities due to the impact of asset impairment on estimates of future cash flows.

Available-for-Sale Financial Assets
When there is objective evidence that a financial asset classified as AFS is impaired, the loss in accumulated OCI is reclassified to Net gains (losses)
on available-for-sale assets in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Following impairment loss recognition, a debt security continues to be
carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in OCI, and it is assessed quarterly for further impairment loss or reversal. Subsequent losses
on an impaired equity security or other invested asset, including losses relating to foreign currency changes, are reclassified from OCI to income in
subsequent reporting periods until the asset is derecognized. Once an impairment loss on a debt security classified as AFS is recorded to income, any
reversal of impairment loss through income occurs only when the recovery in fair value is objectively related to an event occurring after the
impairment was recognized. Impairment losses on an equity security or other invested asset classified as AFS are not reversed through income.


                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   115
Loans and Receivables
If an impairment loss on an individual mortgage or loan has been incurred, the amount of the loss is measured as the difference between the asset’s
carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For collateralized
financial assets, the present value of the estimated future cash flows reflects the cash flows that may result from foreclosure less costs to sell,
whether or not foreclosure is probable. If no evidence of impairment exists for an individually assessed mortgage or loan, it is included in a group of
loans with similar credit risk characteristics and collectively assessed for impairment.

When an impairment loss has been incurred, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced through the use of an allowance account, and the amount
of the loss is recognized in income. If the impairment loss subsequently decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring
after the initial impairment charge was recognized, the previous impairment charge is reversed by adjusting the allowance account and the reversal
is recognized in income. Interest income is recognized on impaired mortgages and loans using the effective interest rate method and it is based on
the estimated future cash flows used to measure the impairment loss. Changes in the allowance account, other than write-offs net of recoveries, are
charged against Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Write-offs, net of recoveries, are deducted
from the allowance account when there is no realistic prospect of recovery, which is typically not before derecognition of the asset through
foreclosure or sale.

Collateral
Cash received (pledged) as collateral is recognized (derecognized) in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position with corresponding amounts
recognized in Other liabilities (Other assets), respectively. All other types of assets received (pledged) as collateral are not recognized (derecognized)
in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

Derivative Financial Instruments
All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Derivatives with a positive fair
value are recorded as Derivative assets while derivatives with a negative fair value are recorded as Derivative liabilities.

The accounting for the changes in fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether or not it is designated as a hedging instrument for hedge
accounting purposes. Changes in (i) fair value of derivatives that are not designated for hedge accounting purposes, which are defined as derivative
investments, and (ii) embedded derivatives that are bifurcated, are recorded in Fair value and foreign currency changes on assets and liabilities in
our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Income earned or paid on these derivatives is recorded in Interest and other investment income in our
Consolidated Statements of Operations. Hedge accounting is applied to certain derivatives to reduce income statement volatility. When certain
qualification criteria are met, hedge accounting recognizes the offsetting effects of hedging instruments and hedged items in income or defers the
effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments in OCI until there is a recognition event, such as the occurrence of a forecasted
transaction or the disposal of an investment in a foreign operation, or hedge accounting is discontinued. All hedging relationships are documented
at inception and hedge effectiveness is assessed at inception and on a quarterly basis to determine whether the hedging instruments are highly
effective in offsetting changes attributable to the hedged risk in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged items.

Fair Value Hedges
Certain interest rate swaps and foreign currency forwards are designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedges of the interest rate or foreign
exchange rate risks associated with AFS assets. Changes in fair value of the derivatives are recorded in Interest and other investment income in our
Consolidated Statements of Operations. The change in fair value of the AFS assets related to the hedged risk is reclassified from OCI to income. As a
result, ineffectiveness, if any, is recognized in income to the extent that changes in fair value of the derivatives and AFS assets do not offset. Interest
income earned and paid on the AFS assets and swaps in the fair value hedging relationships are recorded in Interest and other investment income in
our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Cash Flow Hedges
Certain equity and foreign currency forwards are designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges for anticipated payments of awards under
certain share-based payment plans and for anticipated foreign currency purchases of foreign operations. Changes in the fair value of derivatives for
the effective portion of the hedge are recognized in OCI, while the ineffective portion of the hedge and any items excluded from the hedging
relationship, such as the spot-to-forward differential, are recognized in Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of
Operations. A portion of the amount recognized in OCI related to the equity forwards is reclassified to income as a component of Operating
expenses as the liabilities for the share-based payment awards are accrued over the vesting period. A portion of the amounts recognized in OCI
related to the foreign currency forwards would be reclassified to income upon disposal or impairment of the foreign operations. All amounts
recognized in, or reclassified from, OCI are net of related taxes.

Embedded Derivatives
An embedded derivative is a component of a host contract that modifies the cash flows of the host contract in a manner similar to a derivative,
according to a specified interest rate, financial instrument price, foreign exchange rate, underlying index or other variable. We are required to
separate embedded derivatives from the host contract, if an embedded derivative has economic and risk characteristics that are not closely related
to the host contract, meets the definition of a derivative, and the combined contract is not measured at fair value with changes recognized in
income. If an embedded derivative is bifurcated for accounting purposes from the host contract, it will be accounted for as a derivative. For further
details on embedded derivatives in insurance contracts, see the Insurance Contract Liabilities accounting policy in this Note.

Investment Properties
Investment properties are real estate held to earn rental income, for capital appreciation, or both. Properties held to earn rental income or for
capital appreciation that have an insignificant portion that is owner-occupied are classified as investment properties. Properties that do not meet
these criteria are classified as property and equipment, included in Other assets as described below. Expenditures related to ongoing maintenance
of properties incurred subsequent to acquisition are expensed. Investment properties are initially recognized at cost in our Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position. Various costs incurred associated with the acquisition of an investment property are either capitalized or expensed depending


116   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
on whether or not the acquisition is considered a business combination. Investment properties are subsequently measured at fair value with
changes in value recorded to Fair value and foreign currency changes on assets and liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

When the use of a property changes from owner-occupied to investment property, any gain arising on the remeasurement of the property to fair
value at the date of transfer is recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations to the extent that it reverses a previous impairment loss.
Any remaining increase is recognized in OCI.

Other Invested Assets - Non-Financial Assets
Other invested assets also include non-financial assets such as investments in joint ventures and associates, which are accounted for using the
equity method. Investments in joint ventures and associates are initially recorded at cost. The investment in joint ventures and associates is
increased by our share of capital contributions and for purchases of additional interests and is reduced by distributions received. In addition,
subsequent adjustments to the investment are made for our share of net income or loss and our share of OCI. Our share of net income is recorded
in Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and our share of OCI is recorded in our Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). Impairment losses on equity method investments are recognized when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that they are impaired. The impairment loss recognized is the difference between the carrying amount and the recoverable
amount.

Other Assets
Other assets, which are measured at amortized cost, include accounts receivable, investment income due and accrued, deferred acquisition costs,
property and equipment, and lessee’s right-of-use assets. Deferred acquisition costs arising from service contracts or from service components of
investment contracts are amortized over the expected life of the contracts based on the future expected fees. Owner-occupied properties are
amortized to their residual value over 25 to 49 years. Furniture, computers, other office equipment, and leasehold improvements are amortized to
their residual value over 2 to 20 years. The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Reinsurance Assets
In the normal course of business, we use reinsurance to limit exposure to large losses. We have a retention policy that requires that such
arrangements be placed with well-established, highly-rated reinsurers. Reinsurance assets are measured consistently with the amounts associated
with the underlying insurance contracts and in accordance with the terms of each reinsurance contract. Amounts due to or from reinsurers with
respect to premiums received or paid claims are included in Other assets and Other liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
Premiums for reinsurance ceded are presented as premiums ceded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Reinsurance expenses
(recoveries), as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, represent reinsurance expenses and expense recoveries resulting from
reinsurance agreements.

Reinsurance assets are subject to impairment testing. If impaired, the carrying value is reduced, and an impairment loss is recognized in Reinsurance
expenses (recoveries) in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Impairment occurs when objective evidence exists (as a result of an event)
after the initial recognition of the reinsurance asset indicating that not all amounts due under the terms of the contract will be received, and the
impairment can be reliably measured.

Reinsurance assumed is accounted for as an insurance, investment or service contract depending on the underlying nature of the agreement and if
it meets the definition of an insurance, investment or service contract. For the accounting for these types of contracts, see the respective policy
section in this Note.

Leases
At inception of a contract, we assess whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to
control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. For leases where we act as the lessee, we recognize a right-
of-use asset and a lease liability at the commencement date of the lease. For leases where we act as the lessor, we assess whether the leases should
be classified as finance or operating leases. Our leases are classified as operating leases. Operating leases are recognized into income on a straight-
line basis.

The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which is comprised of the initial amount of the lease liability with certain adjustments, and
subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method, with depreciation expense included in Operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations. The right-of-use asset is depreciated to the earlier of the lease term and its useful life. The right-of-use asset is assessed for
impairment under IAS 36 Impairment of Assets. Right-of-use assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at each reporting period. If there is an
indication that a right-of-use asset may be impaired, an impairment test is performed by comparing the asset’s carrying amount to its recoverable
amount. If an impairment loss has been incurred, the carrying value of the right-of-use asset is reduced with the corresponding amount recognized
in income.

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of lease payments over the term of the lease using a discount rate that is based on our
incremental borrowing rate. The discount rate is specific to each lease and is determined by various factors, such as the lease term and currency.
The lease term includes the non-cancellable period and the optional period where it is reasonably certain we will exercise an extension or
termination option, considering various factors that create an economic incentive to do so. Subsequently, the lease liability is measured at
amortized cost using the effective interest method, with interest charged to Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Lease
liabilities and right-of-use assets are remeasured upon lease modifications. A lease modification is considered as a change in the scope of a lease, or
the consideration for a lease, that was not part of the original terms and conditions of the lease.




                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   117
Intangible Assets
Intangible assets consist of finite life and indefinite life intangible assets. Finite life intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis or using a
units-of-production method, over the useful economic lives which are varying periods of up to 40 years. Amortization is charged through Operating
expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operation. The useful lives of finite life intangible assets are reviewed annually, and the amortization is
adjusted as necessary. Indefinite life intangibles are not amortized, and are assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. Impairment is assessed by comparing the carrying values of the indefinite life
intangible assets to their recoverable amounts. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. If
the carrying values of the indefinite life intangibles exceed their recoverable amounts, these assets are considered impaired, and a charge for
impairment is recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The recoverable amount of intangible assets is determined using various
valuation models, which require management to make certain judgments and assumptions that could affect the estimates of the recoverable
amount.

Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets of the acquired
businesses. It is carried at original cost less any impairment subsequently incurred. Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually or more frequently
if events or circumstances occur that may result in the recoverable amount of a CGU or a group of CGUs falling below its carrying value. A CGU is the
smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of cash inflows from other groups of assets. We
exercise significant judgment in determining our CGUs. The factors considered in determining our CGUs include product cash inflows, product
distribution, target markets, and how management monitors and evaluates the operations.

The goodwill balances are allocated to either individual or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business
combination. Goodwill impairment is quantified by comparing a CGU’s or a group of CGUs’ carrying value to its recoverable amount, which is the
higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. Impairment losses are recognized immediately and cannot be reversed in future periods.
Significant judgment is involved in estimating the model inputs used to determine the recoverable amount of our CGUs or group of CGUs, including
those for discount rates, capital, the value of new business, expenses, cash flow projections, and market multiples, due to the uncertainty and the
forward-looking nature of these inputs. The assumptions may differ from the actual experience, and estimates may change from period to period
based on future events or revisions of assumptions. These key assumptions are discussed in Note 9.

Insurance Contract Liabilities
Insurance contracts are contracts under which we accept significant insurance risk from a policyholder by agreeing to compensate the policyholder
if a specified uncertain future event adversely affects the policyholder. The presence of significant insurance risk in individual contracts is assessed
by reviewing books of contracts with homogeneous risk features. Judgment is required to determine the classification of a contract as an insurance
contract, investment contract or a service contract.

As discussed in the Segregated Funds section of this Note, certain insurance contracts under which the policyholder bears the risks associated with
the underlying investments are classified as Insurance contracts for account of segregated fund holders in our Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position.

Insurance contract liabilities, including policy benefits payable and provisions for policyholder dividends, are determined in accordance with
Canadian accepted actuarial practice and any requirements of OSFI. As confirmed by guidance provided by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries
("CIA"), the current Canadian Asset Liability Method ("CALM") of valuation of insurance contract liabilities satisfies the IFRS 4 requirements for
eligibility for use under IFRS. Under CALM, liabilities are set equal to the statement of financial position value of the assets required to support them.

Some insurance contracts contain discretionary participation features ("DPF"), whereby the policyholder has the right to receive potentially
significant additional benefits based on the actual investments and other experience on a block of similar contracts. IFRS allows the non-guaranteed,
or participating, elements of such contracts to be classified as either a liability or as equity, depending on the nature of our obligation to the
policyholder. The contracts issued by us contain constructive obligations to the policyholder with respect to the DPF of the contracts. We have
therefore elected to classify these features as a liability, consistent with accounting treatment under CALM, and in accordance with guidance
provided by the CIA.

Derivatives embedded in insurance contracts are treated as separate derivatives and measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in
income, except when the embedded derivative itself meets the definition of an insurance contract under IFRS, or when the risks and characteristics
are closely related to those of the host contracts or when the derivative is the policyholder’s option to surrender an insurance contract for a fixed
amount or an amount based on a fixed amount and an interest rate. The derivatives that have not been separated are accounted for as insurance
contract liabilities.

Significant judgment is required in determining our liabilities for insurance contracts including the assumptions required for their determination.
Application of different assumptions may result in different measurement of the insurance contract liabilities. Actual experience may differ from
assumptions, and estimates may change from period to period based on future events or revisions of assumptions. Key assumptions and
considerations in choosing assumptions are discussed in Note 10 and sensitivities are discussed in Note 7.

Financial Liabilities
Investment Contract Liabilities
Contracts issued by us that do not transfer significant insurance risk, but do transfer financial risk from the policyholder to us, are financial liabilities
and are accounted for as investment contracts. Service components of investment contracts are treated as service contracts. For further details on
how service components of investment contracts are treated, see the Service Contracts accounting policy in this Note.


118   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Liabilities for investment contracts without DPF are measured at FVTPL or amortized cost. Contracts recorded at FVTPL are measured at fair value at
inception and each subsequent reporting period. Contracts recorded at amortized cost are initially recognized at fair value, less transaction costs
directly attributable to the issue of the contract. At each subsequent period, the contracts are measured at amortized cost using the effective
interest method. Changes in fair value of investment contract liabilities recorded at FVTPL and amortization on contracts recorded at amortized cost
are recorded as an Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Deposits collected from and
payments made to contract holders are recorded as an increase and decrease in Investment contract liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. These liabilities are derecognized when the obligation of the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired.

As discussed in the Segregated Funds section of this Note, certain investment contracts under which the policyholder bears the risks associated with
the underlying investments are classified as Investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. The accounting for investment contracts that contain DPF is described in the Insurance Contract Liabilities section of this Note.

Other Liabilities
Other liabilities which are measured at amortized cost, include accounts payable, lines of credit, repurchase agreements, accrued expenses and
taxes, senior financing, provisions, lessee’s lease liabilities and a deferred payment liability. Liabilities for provisions, other than insurance contract
liabilities and investment contract liabilities, are recognized for present legal or constructive obligations as a result of a past event if it is probable
that they will result in an outflow of economic resources and the amount can be reliably estimated. The amounts recognized for these provisions are
the best estimates of the expenditures required to settle the present obligations or to transfer them to a third party at the statement of financial
position date, considering all the inherent risks and uncertainties, as well as the time value of money. These provisions are reviewed as relevant
facts and circumstances change.

The lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of lease payments over the term of the lease using a discount rate that is based on
our incremental borrowing rate. Subsequently, the lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

Other financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost. For put option liabilities, upon initial recognition, the present value is calculated using our
incremental borrowing rate and subsequent revisions to the expected timing or amount of cash flows payable as well as interest expense will be
recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Further details on other financial liabilities, the put option and the deferred payment liability are included in Note 3.

Senior Debentures and Subordinated Debt
Senior debentures and subordinated debt liabilities are recorded at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Transaction costs are
recorded as part of the liability and are recognized in income using the effective interest method. These liabilities are derecognized when the
obligation of the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired.

Service Contracts
Contracts issued by us to customers that do not transfer significant insurance risk and do not transfer financial risk from the customer to us,
including contracts for investment management service, are classified as service contracts. Service components of investment contracts are also
accounted for as service contracts. Fee income earned from these contracts is described in the Premium and Fee Income Recognition accounting
policy section of this Note. Deferred acquisition costs are described under the Other Assets accounting policy section of this Note. Where the cost of
meeting the obligations of the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received under it, a provision is recognized in Other liabilities.

Segregated Funds
Segregated funds are products for which we issue a contract where the benefit amount is directly linked to the fair value of the investments held in
the particular segregated fund. Although the underlying assets are registered in our name and the segregated fund contract holder has no direct
access to the specific assets, the contractual arrangements are such that the segregated fund policyholder bears the risks and rewards of the fund’s
investment performance. In addition, certain contracts include guarantees from us. We derive fee income from segregated funds, which is included
in Fee income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Policyholder transfers between general funds and segregated funds are included in Net
transfer to (from) segregated funds in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Deposits to segregated funds are reported as increases in
segregated funds liabilities and are not reported as revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Investments for Account of Segregated Fund Holders
Investments for account of segregated fund holders are recorded separately from the Total general fund assets in our Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position and are carried at fair value. Fair values are determined using quoted market values or, where quoted market values are not
available, estimated fair values as determined by us.

Insurance and Investment Contracts for Account of Segregated Fund Holders
Insurance contracts for account of segregated fund holders are recorded separately from the Total general fund liabilities in our Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position. Insurance contracts under which the segregated fund holders bear the risks associated with the underlying
investments are classified as Insurance contracts for account of segregated fund holders. The liabilities reported as Insurance contracts for account
of segregated fund holders are measured at the aggregate of the policyholder account balances. Changes in the fair value of the invested assets of
the segregated funds are recorded in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) within the segregated fund and are not recorded in our Consolidated
Statements of Operations.

Other assets and liabilities associated with these insurance contracts, such as origination costs and the liabilities associated with guarantees
provided by us, are included in general fund liabilities in Insurance contract liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.



                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   119
Investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders are recorded separately from the Total general fund liabilities in our Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position. Investment contracts under which the segregated fund holders bear the risks associated with the underlying
investments are classified as Investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders. The liabilities reported as Investment contracts for
account of segregated fund holders are measured at the aggregate of the policyholder account balances.

Other liabilities associated with these investment contracts, such as onerous contract provisions required for service components, are included in
general fund liabilities in Investment contract liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

Income Taxes
Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
taxation authorities. Deferred income tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the statement of financial position date
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. Current and deferred income tax relating
to items recognized in the current or previous period in OCI or directly in equity is accordingly recognized in OCI or equity and not in our
Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest and penalties payable to taxation authorities are recorded in Interest expense and Operating
expenses, respectively, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are calculated based on income tax rates and laws that are expected to apply when the liability is settled or
the asset is realized, which are normally those enacted or considered substantively enacted at our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
dates. Deferred income tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses
to the extent of the probability that future taxable profit will be available against which these assets can be utilized. At each reporting period, we
assess all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine the amount of deferred income tax assets to be recognized. The recognition
of deferred income tax assets requires estimates and significant judgment about future events, such as projections of future taxable profits, based
on the information available at the reporting date.

The determination of the required provision for current and deferred income taxes requires that we interpret tax legislation in the jurisdictions in
which we operate. For each reporting period, our income tax provision reflects our best estimate, based on the information available at the
reporting date, of tax positions that are under audit or appeal by relevant tax authorities. To the extent that our estimate of tax positions or the
timing of realization of deferred income tax assets or liabilities are not as expected, the provision for income taxes may increase or decrease in the
future to reflect the actual experience.

Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, except where we
control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is apparent that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable
future. No deferred income tax asset or liability is recognized in relation to temporary differences that arise from the initial recognition of an asset
or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, did not affect either the accounting profit or
taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current
tax assets against current tax liabilities, the deferred income taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority and we intend
either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

In determining the impact of taxes, we are required to comply with Canadian accepted actuarial practice and IFRS. CALM requires that all projected
cash flows associated with insurance contract liabilities, including income taxes, be included in the determination of insurance contract liabilities.
The insurance contract liabilities are therefore determined including all policy-related income tax effects on a discounted basis, and then adjusted
for any related deferred income tax assets and liabilities held in accordance with IFRS. The net result of this adjustment is to leave the discounting
effect of the deferred income taxes associated with temporary differences on policy-related tax items in the insurance contract liabilities.

Pension Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits
For defined benefit plans, the present value of the defined benefit obligation is calculated by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit
method, and actuarial assumptions that represent best estimates of future variables that will affect the ultimate cost of these obligations. The
discount rate used for our material defined benefit plans is determined with reference to market yields of high-quality corporate bonds that are
denominated in the same currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of obligations. Plan
assets are measured at fair value and are held in separate trustee administered funds or as qualifying insurance contracts. The difference between
the fair value of the plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation is recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position as an asset or liability in Other assets or Other liabilities, respectively.

Costs charged to our Consolidated Statements of Operations include current service cost, any past service costs, any gains or losses from
curtailments or settlements, and interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset). Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability (asset),
which includes the impact of changes to the actuarial assumption underlying the liability calculations, liability experience gains or losses, the
difference between the return on plan assets and the amount included in the interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset), is reflected
immediately in OCI. The calculation of the defined benefit expenses and obligations requires judgment as the recognition is dependent on various
actuarial assumptions such as discount rates, health care cost trend rates and projected compensation increases. These key assumptions are
discussed in Note 25.

Dividends
Dividends payable to holders of shares of SLF Inc. are recognized in the period in which they are authorized or approved. Dividends that have been
reinvested in additional common shares under the Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan ("DRIP") are also reflected as dividends within
retained earnings. Where SLF Inc. has issued common shares from treasury under the DRIP, the additional shares have been reflected in common
shares.




120   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Premium and Fee Income Recognition
Gross premiums for all types of insurance contracts excluding segregated fund contracts are generally recognized as revenue when due.

Fee income is generated from insurance contracts and service contracts.

Fee income from insurance contracts includes fees from segregated fund contracts, guarantee fees and other fees associated with insurance
contracts and is typically recognized as revenue when services are rendered.

Fee income from service contracts represents fees associated with non-insurance contracts with customers and includes Distribution fees, Fund
management and other asset-based fees, and Administrative services and other fees. Distribution fees includes fees earned from the distribution of
investment products and other intermediary activities. Fund management and other asset-based fees includes fees earned from investment
management services. Administrative services and other fees includes fees earned from contract administration and other management services.
Fee income from service contracts is typically recognized as revenue when services are rendered at either a point in time or over time. The majority
of fee income from service contracts is comprised of variable consideration which is based on a percentage of assets under management or another
variable metric and is recognized as revenue when it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of the revenue recognized will not
occur.

Share-Based Payments
Stock options of SLF Inc. granted to employees are accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment transactions. The total compensation
expense for stock options is computed based on the fair value of the stock option at the date of grant and the estimated number of options
expected to vest at the end of the vesting period. The expense is recognized over the vesting period as compensation expense in Operating
expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, with an offset to contributed surplus in our Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.
When options are exercised, new common shares are issued, contributed surplus is reversed and the common shares issued are credited to
common shares in our Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.

Other share-based payment plans based on the value of SLF Inc.’s common shares are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payment
transactions. The total liabilities for these plans are computed based on the estimated number of awards expected to vest at the end of the vesting
period. The liabilities are recomputed at the end of each reporting period and are measured at the fair value of the award at that reporting date.
The liabilities are accrued and expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting periods. The liabilities are settled in cash at the end of the vesting
period.

Share-based payment awards within MFS Investment Management ("MFS"), which are based on their own shares, are accounted for as cash-settled
share-based payment awards. The vested and unvested awards, as well as the shares that have been issued under these plans, are recognized as
liabilities because MFS has a practice of purchasing the issued shares from employees after a specified holding period. The total liabilities for these
plans are computed based on the estimated number of awards expected to vest at the end of the vesting period. The liabilities are accrued over the
vesting period and are measured at fair value at each reporting period with the change in fair value recognized as compensation expense in
Operating expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The liabilities are settled in cash when the shares are purchased from the
employees.

Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share ("EPS")
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the common shareholders’ net income by the weighted average number of common shares issued and
outstanding.

Diluted EPS adjusts common shareholders’ net income and the weighted average number of common shares for the effects of all dilutive potential
common shares under the assumption that convertible instruments are converted and that outstanding options are exercised. Diluted EPS is
calculated by dividing the adjusted common shareholders’ net income by the adjusted weighted average number of common shares outstanding.
For convertible instruments, common shareholders’ net income is increased by the after-tax expense on the convertible instrument while the
weighted average common shares are increased by the number of common shares that would be issued at conversion. For stock options, it is
assumed that the proceeds from the exercise of options whose exercise price is less than the average market price of common shares during the
period are used to repurchase common shares at the average market price for the period. The difference between the number of common shares
issued for the exercise of the dilutive options and the number of common shares that would have been repurchased at the average market price of
the common shares during the period is adjusted to the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.




                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   121
2. Changes in Accounting Policies
2.A New and Amended International Financial Reporting Standards Adopted in 2020
We adopted the following amendments on January 1, 2020:

In March 2018, the IASB issued a revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting ("Conceptual Framework"), which replaced the Conceptual
Framework issued in 2010. The revised Conceptual Framework includes revised definitions of an asset and a liability, as well as new guidance on
measurement, derecognition, presentation and disclosure, to be applied prospectively. The adoption of this guideline did not have a material impact
on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In October 2018, the IASB issued Definition of a Business, which amended IFRS 3 Business Combinations ("IFRS 3"). The amendments clarify the
definition of a business to assist entities in determining whether a transaction represents a business combination or an acquisition of assets, and are
applied prospectively. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In October 2018, the IASB issued Definition of Material (Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8). The amendments clarify the definition of material and
provide guidance to improve consistency in its application in IFRS standards. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on
our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In September 2019, the IASB issued the Interest Rate Benchmark Reform, which includes amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 Financial
Instruments: Disclosures ("IFRS 7"). We have deferred adoption of IFRS 9 and continue to apply IAS 39. The amendments clarify that entities can
continue to apply certain hedge accounting requirements assuming that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows and cash flows
from the hedging instrument are based will not be altered as a result of interest rate benchmark reform. The adoption of the IAS 39 amendments
did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

We adopted the following amendment on June 1, 2020:

In May 2020, the IASB issued COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions, which is an amendment to IFRS 16 Leases ("IFRS 16"). The amendment provides
lessees with a practical expedient to not account for COVID-19-related rent concessions as lease modifications. The amendment does not affect
lessors. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The amendment was applied
retrospectively.

2.B Amended International Financial Reporting Standards to be Adopted in 2021
The following new and amended IFRS were issued by the IASB and are expected to be adopted by us in 2021:

In August 2020, the IASB issued the Interest Rate Benchmark Reform Phase 2, which includes amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and
IFRS 16. They address issues that arise from the implementation of the reforms, including the replacement of one benchmark with an alternative
one. We do not expect the adoption of this amendment to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

2.C Amended International Financial Reporting Standards to be Adopted in 2022 or Later
We are currently assessing the impact the adoption these amendments will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements:

In May 2020, the IASB issued Reference to the Conceptual Framework, which includes amendments to IFRS 3. The amendments update an outdated
reference to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS 3 without significantly changing the requirements in the standard. The amendments are effective to
business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after January 1, 2022.

In May 2020, the IASB issued Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use, which includes amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant
and Equipment. The amendments prohibit deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment any proceeds from selling items
produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.
The amendments apply retrospectively to assets ready for use in the comparative period. The amendments are effective for annual periods
beginning on or after January 1, 2022.

In May 2020, the IASB issued Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract, which includes amendments to IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities
and Contingent Assets. The amendments specify that the 'cost of fulfilling' a contract comprises the 'costs that relate directly to the contract'. Costs
that relate directly to a contract can either be incremental costs of fulfilling that contract or an allocation of other costs that relate directly to
fulfilling contracts. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022.

In May 2020, the IASB issued Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020, which includes minor amendments to three IFRS standards
applicable to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The amendments apply prospectively. The amendments are effective for annual periods
beginning on or after January 1, 2022.

In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (“IFRS 17”), which replaces IFRS 4. In June 2020, the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 17,
which include deferral of the effective date to annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. The deferral option of IFRS 9 for insurers was
also extended to that same date. IFRS 17 establishes the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of insurance
contracts. IFRS 17 requires entities to measure insurance contract liabilities at their current fulfillment values using one of three measurement
models, depending on the nature of the contract. IFRS 17 is to be applied retrospectively to each group of insurance contracts unless impracticable.
If, and only if, it is impracticable to apply IFRS 17 retrospectively for a group of insurance contracts, an entity shall apply IFRS 17 using a modified
retrospective approach or a fair value approach. IFRS 17 will affect how we account for our insurance contracts and how we report our financial


122   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
performance in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We are currently assessing IFRS 17, which will have a significant impact on our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

In July 2014, the IASB issued the final version of IFRS 9, which replaces IAS 39. IFRS 9 includes guidance on the classification and measurement
of financial instruments, impairment of financial assets, and hedge accounting. Financial asset classification is based on the cash flow characteristics
and the business model in which an asset is held. The classification determines how a financial instrument is accounted for and measured. IFRS 9
also introduces an impairment model for financial instruments not measured at fair value through profit or loss that requires recognition of
expected losses at initial recognition of a financial instrument and the recognition of full lifetime expected losses if certain criteria are met. In
addition, a new model for hedge accounting was introduced to achieve better alignment with risk management activities. This standard is effective
for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. In October 2017, the IASB issued narrow-scope amendments to IFRS 9. The amendments
clarify the classification of certain prepayable financial assets and the accounting of financial liabilities following modification. The amendments are
effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. However, pursuant to the aforementioned amendments to IFRS 4, we elected the
deferral approach permitted under IFRS 4 to continue to apply IAS 39. We are currently assessing the impact that IFRS 9, along with these
amendments, will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.



 3. Acquisitions and Other
InfraRed Capital Partners
On July 1, 2020, we acquired 80% of InfraRed Capital Partners ("InfraRed"), a UK-based global infrastructure and real estate investment manager, as
well as the ability to acquire the remaining interest in the future. InfraRed is reported in the SLC Management business unit within our Asset
Management business segment. Consideration included approximately $517 in cash and $29 of contingent consideration to the former owners of
InfraRed. InfraRed's infrastructure platform focuses on value-add investing in both greenfield and brownfield assets worldwide across social,
transportation, and renewable energy sectors; while InfraRed's real estate platform is a combination of European and Asian value-add strategies.
This acquisition provided SLC Management with capabilities in infrastructure equity, a fit with SLC Management’s mission to provide a broad
spectrum of solutions built on alternative asset classes and liability-driven investing strategies.

The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired were:
                                                                                                                                            As at July 1, 2020
 Intangible assets                                                                                                                                $          357
 Net assets                                                                                                                                                   97
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                    (67)
 Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                                                              387
 Financial liability                                                                                                                                     (129)
 Goodwill arising on acquisition(1)                                                                                                                       288
 Total consideration(2)                                                                                                                           $          546
(1)
      Goodwill of $288 reflects InfraRed’s non-contractual customer relationships.
(2)
      Amount includes $29 of contingent consideration.

The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities are subject to refinement and may be retroactively adjusted to reflect new information
obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date during the measurement period.

The non-controlling interest ("NCI") of 20% will be recognized as a financial liability initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortized cost. Any changes to the carrying value of the financial liability will be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As part of
the transaction, InfraRed minority shareholders have the option to require us to purchase their shares in 2024. We have a call option to acquire the
remaining outstanding shares in InfraRed commencing in 2025.

BentallGreenOak
On July 1, 2019, we acquired 56% of BentallGreenOak ("BGO"), which was the product of the merger of the Bentall Kennedy group of companies
("Bentall Kennedy") and GreenOak Real Estate ("GreenOak"), a global real estate investment firm. The former GreenOak shareholders hold the
remaining interest in BGO. Total consideration of $411 included approximately $192 in cash and 44% of our interest in Bentall Kennedy which,
valued on a discounted cash flow basis, represents consideration of $219. The combined entity is reported in our Asset Management business
segment.




                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements        Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020    123
The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired were:
                                                                                                                                                As at July 1, 2019

 Intangible assets                                                                                                                                    $      238
 Net assets                                                                                                                                                   23
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                    (48)
 Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                                                                  213
 Non-controlling interests(1)                                                                                                                                (339)
 Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                                                                              537
 Total consideration                                                                                                                                  $      411
(1)
      We have elected to measure NCI at fair value for this acquisition. The fair value was determined by calculating the proportionate share of the present value
      of future cash flows relating to NCI. Significant assumptions inherent in the valuation of NCI include the estimated after-tax cash flows expected to be
      received and an assessment of the appropriate discount rate.

This transaction has two additional components ("Additional components"):
      A. We have the option to acquire the remaining outstanding shares in BGO commencing in 2026 ("call option"), and BGO minority
           shareholders have the option to require us to purchase their shares in 2027 ("put option").
      B. In addition to our 56% ownership interest in BGO, we have acquired the right to 75% of former GreenOak shareholders’ share of BGO’s
           earnings for the period from July 2019 to December 2027. Consideration is to be paid in quarterly instalments over that period ("deferred
           payments").

The present values of the put option and deferred payments are calculated using our incremental borrowing rate; the subsequent interest expense
recorded using the effective interest method will be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Subsequent revisions to the expected
exercise price payable for the put option will be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. If the put option expires unexercised or is
cancelled, the carrying value of the financial liability will be released first to NCI, with excess amounts if any recognized against Retained earnings. If
the call option is exercised, the liabilities relating to the Additional components will be extinguished and recognized against Retained earnings.

The Additional components are financial liabilities. Amounts were initially measured at the present value of $951 for the put option and $467 for the
deferred payments in Other liabilities, with a corresponding reduction to NCI, limited to the original amount recorded upon the acquisition of BGO.
Excess amounts were recognized against Retained earnings. At the date of acquisition, the impact to our assets, liabilities, and equity is as follows:

                                                                                                                                   Additional
 As at July 1, 2019                                                                                       Share purchase         components                 Total

 Cash consideration                                                                                            $   (192)          $       —           $      (192)
 Net assets                                                                                                          23                   —                    23
 Intangible assets                                                                                                  238                   —                   238
 Goodwill(1)                                                                                                        537                   —                   537
 Total assets                                                                                                  $    606           $       —           $      606

 Deferred tax liability                                                                                        $    (48)          $       —           $       (48)
 Put option liability                                                                                                —                  (951)                (951)
 Deferred payments liability                                                                                         —                  (467)                (467)
 Total liabilities                                                                                             $    (48)          $   (1,418)         $    (1,466)
                                                                                                                           (2)
 Non-controlling interests - Bentall Kennedy                                                                   $   (171)          $      171          $       —
 Non-controlling interests - GreenOak(3)                                                                           (339)                 324                 (15)
 Retained earnings                                                                                                  (48) (2)             923                 875
 Total equity                                                                                                  $   (558)          $    1,418          $      860
(1)
    Goodwill of $537 reflects GreenOak’s non-contractual customer relationships. Approximately $285 of goodwill is tax-deductible.
(2)
    The aggregate amount of $219 represents the fair value of our interest in Bentall Kennedy transferred as consideration.
(3)
    The remaining $15 represents specifically identifiable assets where the risks and rewards accrue to the former GreenOak shareholders and are distributed
    through a separate class of shares.

Acquisitions and Other in Asia
On October 17, 2019, we entered into a 15-year bancassurance partnership with Tien Phong Commercial Bank ("TPBank"). TPBank is fast growing
with a strong Client focus, and is a digital leader in Vietnam. The new partnership aligns with our strategic priority to be a leader in Asia through
distribution excellence. The agreement includes an initial payment of approximately $107, which was funded with internal resources. The initial
payment is capitalized as an intangible asset and will be amortized over 15 years based on a units-of-production method.




124      Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
4. Segmented Information
We have five reportable business segments: Canada, U.S., Asset Management, Asia, and Corporate. These business segments operate in the
financial services industry and reflect our management structure and internal financial reporting. Corporate includes the results of our UK business
unit and our Corporate Support operations, which include run-off reinsurance operations as well as investment income, expenses, capital, and other
items not allocated to our other business groups.

Revenues from our business segments are derived primarily from life and health insurance, investment management and annuities, and mutual
funds. Revenues not attributed to the strategic business units are derived primarily from Corporate investments and earnings on capital.
Transactions between segments are executed and priced at an arm’s-length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.

The expenses in each business segment may include costs or services directly incurred or provided on their behalf at the enterprise level. For other
costs not directly attributable to one of our business segments, we use a management reporting framework that uses assumptions, judgments, and
methodologies for allocating overhead costs and indirect expenses to our business segments.

Intersegment transactions consist primarily of internal financing agreements which are measured at fair values prevailing when the arrangements
are negotiated. Intersegment investment income consists primarily of interest paid by U.S. to Corporate. Intersegment fee income is primarily asset
management fees paid by our business segments to Asset Management. Effective January 1, 2020, SLC Management is collecting fee income and is
incurring the operational expenses associated with the management of the general fund assets. Intersegment transactions are eliminated in the
Consolidation adjustments column in the following tables.

Management considers its external Clients to be individuals and corporations. We are not reliant on any individual Client as none is individually
significant to our operations.




                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements            Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   125
Results by segment for the years ended December 31, are as follows:

                                                                                     Asset                                        Consolidation
                                                       Canada            U.S. Management(1)                      Asia   Corporate adjustments(1)        Total

 2020
 Gross premiums:
    Annuities                                     $     3,594   $         —          $         —       $       108      $     27      $      —     $    3,729
    Life insurance                                      5,358          1,548                   —             4,821            85             —         11,812
    Health insurance                                    6,011          4,583                   —                33            22             —         10,649
 Total gross premiums                                  14,963          6,131                  —              4,962           134             —         26,190
 Less: Ceded premiums                                   1,530            695                  —                212            15             —          2,452
 Net investment income (loss)                           6,823          2,610                  23             2,550           758            (46)       12,718
 Fee income                                             1,376             92               5,014               572           103           (276)        6,881
 Total revenue                                         21,632          8,138               5,037             7,872           980           (322)       43,337
 Less:
    Total benefits and expenses                        20,669          7,825               3,712             7,137          1,029          (322)       40,050
    Income tax expense (benefit)                           50             56                 334                54              1            —            495
 Total net income (loss)                          $      913    $        257         $       991       $         681    $     (50)    $      —     $    2,792
 Less:
    Net income (loss) attributable to
       participating policyholders                       196               —                   —                  87           —             —           283
    Net income (loss) attributable to
       non-controlling interests                           —               —                   11                 —            —             —            11
 Shareholders’ net income (loss)                  $      717    $        257         $       980       $         594    $     (50)    $      —     $    2,498

 2019
 Gross premiums:
    Annuities                                     $     3,276   $          1         $         —       $         2      $     23      $      —     $    3,302
    Life insurance                                      5,178          1,605                   —             2,597            90             —          9,470
    Health insurance                                    5,629          4,232                   —                31            16             —          9,908
 Total gross premiums                                  14,083          5,838                  —              2,630           129             —         22,680
 Less: Ceded premiums                                   1,488            662                  —                222            20             —          2,392
 Net investment income (loss)                           6,474          2,802                  83             2,865           905             11        13,140
 Fee income                                             1,320             86               4,471               531           118           (275)        6,251
 Total revenue                                         20,389          8,064               4,554             5,804          1,132          (264)       39,679
 Less:
    Total benefits and expenses                        19,317          7,878               3,391             5,172          1,014          (326)       36,446
    Income tax expense (benefit)                           15             28                 262                51            (70)           —            286
 Total net income (loss)                          $     1,057   $        158         $       901       $         581    $    188      $      62    $    2,947
 Less:
    Net income (loss) attributable to
       participating policyholders                       174               (5)                 —                  61           —             —           230
    Net income (loss) attributable to
       non-controlling interests                           —               —                    4                 —            —             —              4
 Shareholders’ net income (loss)                  $      883    $        163         $       897       $         520         188      $      62    $    2,713
(1)
      Reflects a change in presentation for our Asset Management segment effective January 1, 2020. We have updated the prior period to reflect this change in
      presentation.




126     Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Assets and liabilities by segment are as follows:
                                                                                  Asset                                            Consolidation
                                              Canada                U.S.    Management                    Asia    Corporate         adjustments                   Total

 As at December 31, 2020
 Total general fund assets                $ 106,318         $   33,790          $     6,957      $      36,414    $   13,897             $      (286)       $ 197,090
 Investments for account of
   segregated fund holders                $ 107,494         $      541          $        —       $       7,211    $   10,675             $        —         $ 125,921
 Total general fund liabilities           $ 97,728          $   30,354          $     4,898      $      30,004    $    8,530             $      (286)       $ 171,228

 As at December 31, 2019
 Total general fund assets                $   94,909        $   34,711          $     5,666      $      31,285    $   13,930             $       (272)      $ 180,229
 Investments for account of
   segregated fund holders                $   98,758        $      514          $        —       $       6,675    $   11,026             $         —        $ 116,973
 Total general fund liabilities           $   86,847        $   31,044          $     4,250      $      25,750    $    8,102             $       (272)      $ 155,721

The revenue and assets of our business segments differ from geographic segments primarily due to the geographic segmenting of our Asset
Management and Corporate segments.

The following table shows revenue by country for Asset Management and Corporate:
                                                                                                         Asset Management                           Corporate
 For the years ended December 31,                                                                        2020          2019                     2020          2019

 Revenue:
    United States(1)                                                                             $      4,505     $     4,185       $            169        $         129
    United Kingdom                                                                                        174              32                    725                  903
    Canada(1)                                                                                             311             326 (2)''               79                   93
    Other countries                                                                                        47              11                      7                    7
 Total revenue                                                                                   $      5,037     $     4,554            $       980        $    1,132
(1)
    Reflects a change in presentation for our Asset Management segment effective January 1, 2020. We have updated the prior period to reflect this change in
    presentation.
(2)
    Consists of the Canadian operations of Bentall Kennedy and Sun Life Institutional Investments (Canada) Inc. for Asset Management.

The following table shows total assets by country for Asset Management and Corporate:
                                                                                                         Asset Management                           Corporate
 As at December 31,                                                                                      2020          2019                     2020          2019

 Total general fund assets:
    United States                                                                                $       5,124    $     4,770            $      2,227       $    2,329
    United Kingdom                                                                                       1,037            145                   7,766            8,210
                                                                                                                                 (1)''
    Canada                                                                                                 580            534                   3,716            3,202
    Other countries                                                                                        216            217                     188              189
 Total general fund assets                                                                       $       6,957    $     5,666            $   13,897         $   13,930

 Investment for account of segregated fund holders:
    United Kingdom                                                                               $          —     $         —            $   10,675         $   11,026
 Total investment for account of segregated fund holders                                         $          —     $         —            $   10,675         $   11,026
(1)
      Consists of the Canadian operations of Bentall Kennedy and Sun Life Institutional Investments (Canada) Inc. for Asset Management.




                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                 Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2020    127
 5. Total Invested Assets and Related Net Investment Income
5.A Fair Value of Invested Assets
5.A.i Carrying Value and Fair Value of Financial Assets and Other Financial Liabilities
The carrying values and fair values of our financial assets are shown in the following table:

 As at                                                                                        December 31, 2020                     December 31, 2019
                                                                                            Carrying            Fair              Carrying            Fair
                                                                                               value           value                 value           value

 Assets
  Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities                                      $    13,527           $   13,527      $     9,575          $    9,575
  Debt securities - fair value through profit or loss                                        77,834               77,834           67,894              67,894
  Debt securities - available-for-sale(1)                                                    11,255               11,255           13,712              13,712
  Equity securities - fair value through profit or loss                                       6,369                6,369            4,474               4,474
  Equity securities - available-for-sale                                                        262                  262              313                 313
  Mortgages and loans(1)                                                                     49,946               56,231           48,222              52,028
  Derivative assets                                                                           2,160                2,160            1,548               1,548
  Other invested assets - fair value through profit or loss(2)                                3,339                3,339            3,016               3,016
  Other invested assets - available-for-sale(2)                                                 828                  828              813                 813
  Policy loans                                                                                3,265                3,265            3,218               3,218
 Total financial assets(3)                                                              $ 168,785             $ 175,070       $ 152,785            $ 156,591
(1)
    As at December 31, 2020, the fair value of invested assets that have contractual cash flows that qualify as SPPI include $11,159 of Debt securities - AFS
    ($13,602 as at December 31, 2019), $51,480 of Mortgages and loans supporting insurance contract liabilities ($47,398 as at December 31, 2019), and
    $4,741 of Mortgages and loans not supporting insurance contract liabilities ($4,315 as at December 31, 2019).
(2)
    Other invested assets (FVTPL and AFS) include our investments in segregated funds, mutual funds and limited partnerships.
(3)
    Invested assets on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of $177,912 ($161,619 as at December 31, 2019) includes Total financial assets in this
    table, Investment properties of $7,516 ($7,306 as at December 31, 2019), and Other invested assets - non-financial assets of $1,611 ($1,528 as at
    December 31, 2019).

Our mortgages and loans are generally carried at amortized cost. The fair value of mortgages and loans, for disclosure purposes, is determined
based on the methodology and assumptions described in Note 5.A.ii. As at December 31, 2020, $43,904 and $12,327 are categorized in Level 2 and
Level 3, respectively, of the fair value hierarchy described in this Note ($41,858 and $10,170, respectively, as at December 31, 2019).

Other financial liabilities are carried at amortized cost. The fair value of Other financial liabilities, for disclosure purposes, is determined based on
the methodology and assumptions described in Note 5.A.ii. As at December 31, 2020, carrying value of $1,136 and fair value of $1,233 are
categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy described in this Note ($956 and $972, respectively, as at December 31, 2019). Effective
December 31, 2020, we have updated our disclosures to reflect this classification and have excluded these items from 5.A.iii Fair Value Hierarchy
disclosures.

Derivative liabilities with a fair value of $1,744 ($2,040 as at December 31, 2019) are also included on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position.

Policy loans are carried at their unpaid principal balances. The fair value of policy loans, for disclosure purposes, is approximated by their carrying
value, as policy loans are fully secured by policy values on which the loans are made and are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

5.A.ii Fair Value Methodologies and Assumptions
The fair value of government and corporate debt securities is determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical or similar securities.
When quoted prices in active markets are not available, fair value is determined using market standard valuation methodologies, which include
discounted cash flow analysis, consensus pricing from various broker dealers that are typically the market makers, or other similar techniques. The
assumptions and valuation inputs in applying these market standard valuation methodologies are determined primarily using observable market
inputs, which include, but are not limited to, benchmark yields, reported trades of identical or similar instruments, broker-dealer quotes, issuer
spreads, bid prices, and reference data including market research publications. In limited circumstances, non-binding broker quotes are used.

The fair value of asset-backed securities is determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical or similar securities, when available, or
valuation methodologies and valuation inputs similar to those used for government and corporate debt securities. Additional valuation inputs
include structural characteristics of the securities, and the underlying collateral performance, such as prepayment speeds and delinquencies.
Expected prepayment speeds are based primarily on those previously experienced in the market at projected future interest rate levels. In instances
where there is a lack of sufficient observable market data to value the securities, non-binding broker quotes are used.

The fair value of equity securities is determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical securities or similar securities. When quoted
prices in active markets are not available, fair value is determined using equity valuation models, which include discounted cash flow analysis and
other techniques that involve benchmark comparison. Valuation inputs primarily include projected future operating cash flows and earnings,
dividends, market discount rates, and earnings multiples of comparable companies.



128   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The fair value of mortgages and loans is determined by discounting the expected future cash flows using a current market interest rate applicable to
financial instruments with a similar yield, credit quality, and maturity characteristics. Valuation inputs typically include benchmark yields and risk-
adjusted spreads from current lending activities or loan issuances. The risk-adjusted spreads are determined based on the borrower’s credit and
liquidity, as well as term and other loan-specific features. Long-term mortgages and loans are generally categorized in Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy. The significant unobservable input is a portion of these risk-adjusted spreads at or beyond the 20-year point for mortgages and at or
beyond the 10-year point for loans.

The fair value of other financial liabilities is determined by using the discounted cash flow methodology at the incremental borrowing rate or the
effective interest rate. Other financial liabilities categorized as Level 3 represent the present value of the estimated price we would pay to acquire
any remaining outstanding shares upon exercise of a put option and any mandatory income distributions. The fair value of the liabilities is based on
the average earnings before income tax, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") for the preceding years before the options’ exercise dates and
EBITDA multiples in accordance with the put agreements as well as the expected amount of any mandatory income distributions. A change in
EBITDA would impact the fair value of other financial liabilities and our net income (loss).

The fair value of derivative financial instruments depends upon derivative types. The fair value of exchange-traded futures and options is
determined using quoted prices in active markets, while the fair value of over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives is determined using pricing models,
such as discounted cash flow analysis or other market standard valuation techniques, with primarily observable market inputs. Valuation inputs
used to price OTC derivatives may include swap interest rate curves, foreign exchange spot and forward rates, index prices, the value of underlying
securities, projected dividends, volatility surfaces, and in limited circumstances, counterparty quotes. The fair value of OTC derivative financial
instruments also includes credit valuation adjustments to reflect the credit risk of both the derivative counterparty and ourselves as well as the
impact of contractual factors designed to reduce our credit exposure, such as collateral and legal rights of offset under master netting agreements.
Inputs into determining the appropriate credit valuation adjustments are typically obtained from publicly available information and include credit
default swap spreads when available, credit spreads derived from specific bond yields, or published cumulative default experience data adjusted for
current trends when credit default swap spreads are not available.

The fair value of other invested assets is determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical securities or similar securities. When quoted
prices in active markets are not available, fair value is determined using equity valuation models, which include discounted cash flow analysis and
other techniques that involve benchmark comparison. Valuation inputs primarily include projected future operating cash flows and earnings,
dividends, market discount rates, and earnings multiples of comparable companies.

The fair value of investment properties is generally determined using property valuation models that are based on expected capitalization rates and
models that discount expected future net cash flows at current market interest rates reflective of the characteristics, location, and market of each
property. Expected future net cash flows include contractual and projected cash flows and forecasted operating expenses, and take into account
interest, rental, and occupancy rates derived from market surveys. The estimates of future cash inflows in addition to expected rental income from
current leases, include projected income from future leases based on significant assumptions that are consistent with current market conditions.
The future rental rates are estimated based on the location, type, and quality of the properties, and take into account market data and projections
at the valuation date. The fair values are typically compared to market-based information for reasonability, including recent transactions involving
comparable assets. The methodologies and inputs used in these models are in accordance with real estate industry valuation standards. Valuations
are prepared externally or internally by professionally accredited real estate appraisers.

The fair value of short-term securities is approximated by their carrying amount, adjusted for credit risk where appropriate.

The fair value of investments for account of segregated fund holders is determined using quoted prices in active markets or independent valuation
information provided by investment managers. The fair value of direct investments within investments for account of segregated fund holders, such
as short-term securities and government and corporate debt securities, is determined according to valuation methodologies and inputs described
above in the respective asset type sections.

The methodologies and assumptions for determining the fair values of investment contract liabilities are included in Note 10.B.

5.A.iii Fair Value Hierarchy
We categorize our assets and liabilities carried at fair value, based on the priority of the inputs to the valuation techniques used to measure fair
value, into a three-level fair value hierarchy as follows:

Level 1: Fair value is based on the unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market. The types of assets and liabilities
classified as Level 1 generally include cash and cash equivalents, certain U.S. government and agency securities, exchange-traded equity securities,
and certain segregated and mutual fund units held for account of segregated fund holders.

Level 2: Fair value is based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities traded in active markets, or prices from valuation techniques that use
significant observable inputs, or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated with observable market data through correlation or other
means. The types of assets and liabilities classified as Level 2 generally include Canadian federal, provincial and municipal government, other foreign
government and corporate debt securities, certain asset-backed securities, OTC derivatives, and certain segregated and mutual fund units held for
account of segregated fund holders.

Level 3: Fair value is based on valuation techniques that require one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs.
These unobservable inputs reflect our expectations about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The types
of assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 generally include certain corporate bonds, certain other invested assets and investment properties.




                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   129
Our assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level are as follows:

As at                                                                       December 31, 2020                                       December 31, 2019
                                                                 Level 1     Level 2    Level 3               Total       Level 1    Level 2     Level 3         Total

Assets
   Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities         $ 12,428       $  1,099      $     —       $ 13,527       $  9,044      $    531     $     —    $    9,575
   Debt securities - fair value through profit or loss         1,537         76,072           225         77,834         1,641        66,005          248       67,894
   Debt securities - available-for-sale                          796         10,392            67         11,255         1,363        12,299           50       13,712
   Equity securities - fair value through profit or loss       3,777          2,411           181          6,369         1,868         2,418          188        4,474
   Equity securities - available-for-sale                        144             71            47            262           152           126           35         313
      Derivative assets                                           36          2,124            —           2,160            20         1,528           —        1,548
      Other invested assets                                    1,094            428         2,645          4,167         1,000           384        2,445       3,829
      Investment properties                                       —              —          7,516          7,516            —             —         7,306       7,306
      Total invested assets measured at fair value          $ 19,812       $ 92,597      $ 10,681      $ 123,090      $ 15,088      $ 83,291     $ 10,272   $ 108,651
      Investments for account of segregated fund holders      26,832         98,539           550        125,921        26,380        90,044          549     116,973
Total assets measured at fair value                         $ 46,644       $ 191,136     $ 11,231      $ 249,011      $ 41,468      $ 173,335    $ 10,821   $ 225,624

Liabilities
    Investment contract liabilities                         $        —     $       —     $       2     $          2   $       —     $       —    $     2    $        2
    Derivative liabilities                                           13         1,731            —            1,744           14         2,026         —         2,040
Total liabilities measured at fair value                    $        13    $    1,731    $        2    $      1,746   $       14    $    2,026   $     2    $    2,042


Debt securities - fair value through profit or loss consist of the following:

As at                                                                       December 31, 2020                                       December 31, 2019
                                                                 Level 1     Level 2    Level 3               Total       Level 1    Level 2     Level 3         Total

Canadian federal government                                 $        —     $    4,546    $      14     $    4,560     $       —     $    3,875   $    15    $    3,890
Canadian provincial and municipal government                         —         16,909           —          16,909             —         13,811        15        13,826
U.S. government and agency                                        1,537           141           —           1,678          1,641           106         1         1,748
Other foreign government                                             —          5,274            7          5,281             —          5,172         9         5,181
Corporate                                                            —         42,507          157         42,664             —         37,508       173        37,681
Asset-backed securities:
    Commercial mortgage-backed securities                             —         2,199            6            2,205           —          1,753         6         1,759
    Residential mortgage-backed securities                            —         2,459            —            2,459           —          2,176         —         2,176
    Collateralized debt obligations                                   —           389            —              389           —            157        —            157
      Other                                                           —         1,648            41           1,689           —          1,447        29         1,476
Total debt securities - fair value through profit or loss   $     1,537    $ 76,072      $     225     $ 77,834       $    1,641    $ 66,005     $   248    $ 67,894


Debt securities - available-for-sale consist of the following:

As at                                                                       December 31, 2020                                       December 31, 2019
                                                                 Level 1     Level 2    Level 3               Total       Level 1    Level 2     Level 3         Total

Canadian federal government                                 $        —     $    1,929    $       —     $      1,929   $       —     $    2,556   $    —     $    2,556
Canadian provincial and municipal government                         —          1,333            —            1,333           —          1,139        —          1,139
U.S. government and agency                                          796             1            —              797        1,363            —         —          1,363
Other foreign government                                             —            822             1             823           —            735         1           736
Corporate                                                            —          4,258            52           4,310           —          5,039        45         5,084
Asset-backed securities:
    Commercial mortgage-backed securities                             —           750             2            752            —           777          —          777
    Residential mortgage-backed securities                            —           292            —             292            —           362          —          362
    Collateralized debt obligations                                   —           531            —             531            —           730          —          730
    Other                                                             —           476            12            488            —           961          4          965
Total debt securities - available-for-sale                  $       796    $ 10,392      $       67    $ 11,255       $    1,363    $ 12,299     $    50    $ 13,712


During 2020 and 2019, we did not have any significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2.




130    Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for assets that are categorized in Level 3:
                                                 Debt                   Equity                                                      Total
                                           securities -            securities -                                                 invested Investments      Total
                                            fair value      Debt fair value       Equity                                          assets for account     assets
                                              through securities -    through securities -                Other                measured            of measured
                                             profit or available-    profit or available-              invested Investment         at fair segregated    at fair
 For the year ended                               loss   for-sale         loss   for-sale                assets properties         value fund holders     value

 December 31, 2020
 Beginning balance                           $     248    $         50    $      188     $      35     $ 2,445    $   7,306     $ 10,272          $     549 $ 10,821
 Included in net income(1)(2)(3)                    11              —             —             —          (87)         (63)        (139)               (22)    (161)
 Included in OCI(2)                                 —                2            —             —           19           —            21                 —        21
 Purchases                                          67              15            11            46         594          620        1,353                 30    1,383
 Sales / Payments                                  (10)             —             (2)          (33)       (304)        (325)        (674)               (14)    (688)
 Settlements                                        (9)             (2)          (15)           —           —            —           (26)                (1)     (27)
 Transfers into Level 3(4)                           3               2            —             —           —            —             5                  1        6
 Transfers (out) of Level 3(4)                     (88)             (1)           —             —           —            —           (89)                (1)     (90)
 Foreign currency translation(5)                     3               1            (1)           (1)        (22)         (22)         (42)                 8      (34)
 Ending balance                              $     225    $         67    $      181     $      47     $ 2,645    $   7,516     $ 10,681          $     550   $ 11,231
 Gains (losses) included in earnings
  relating to instruments still held at
  the reporting date(1)                      $       2    $         —     $       —      $       —     $   (68)   $     13      $      (53)       $     (23) $         (76)

 December 31, 2019
 Beginning balance                           $     373    $         43    $      202     $      36     $ 2,241    $   7,157     $ 10,052          $    1,596 $ 11,648
 Acquisitions                                       —               —             —             —           13           —            13                  —        13
 Included in net income(1)(2)(3)                    28              —             (2)          (23)        (80)         238          161                  45      206
 Included in OCI(2)                                 —                4            —              2          13           —            19                  —        19
 Purchases                                          85              35             5            22         521          689        1,357                 152    1,509
 Sales / Payments                                  (49)             —             (9)           —         (122)        (701)        (881)                (59)    (940)
 Settlements                                       (40)             —             —             —           —            —           (40)                 (1)     (41)
 Transfers into Level 3(4)                          15              —             —             —           —            —            15                  —        15
 Transfers (out) of Level 3(4)(6)                 (159)            (31)           (4)           —         (110)          —          (304)             (1,178)  (1,482)
 Foreign currency translation(5)                    (5)             (1)           (4)           (2)        (31)         (77)        (120)                 (6)    (126)
 Ending balance                              $     248    $         50    $      188     $      35     $ 2,445    $   7,306     $ 10,272          $     549   $ 10,821
 Gains (losses) included in earnings
  relating to instruments still held at
  the reporting date(1)                      $       4    $         —     $        (3)   $       —     $   (78)   $    272      $      195        $      25   $        220
(1)
    Included in Net investment income (loss) for Total invested assets measured at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
(2)
    Total gains and losses in net income (loss) and OCI are calculated assuming transfers into or out of Level 3 occur at the beginning of the period. For an asset
    or liability that transfers into Level 3 during the reporting period, the entire change in fair value for the period is included in the table above. For transfers
    out of Level 3 during the reporting period, the change in fair value for the period is excluded from the table above.
(3)
    Investment properties included in net income is comprised of fair value changes on investment properties of $19 ($305 in 2019), net of amortization of
    leasing commissions and tenant inducements of $82 ($67 in 2019). As at December 31, 2020, we have used assumptions that reflect known changes in the
    property values including changes in expected future cash flows.
(4)
    Transfers into Level 3 occur when the inputs used to price the assets and liabilities lack observable market data, and as a result, no longer meet the Level 1
    or 2 definitions at the reporting date. Transfers out of Level 3 occur when the pricing inputs become more transparent and satisfy the Level 1 or 2 criteria
    and are primarily the result of observable market data being available at the reporting date, thus removing the requirement to rely on inputs that lack
    observability.
(5)
    Foreign currency translation relates to the foreign exchange impact of translating Level 3 assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries from their functional
    currencies to Canadian dollars.
(6)
    An update of certain specific criteria used to determine the leveling classification of the financial instruments was made in 2019 to align with industry
    practice. This resulted in transfers out of Level 3, including $1,178 for Investments for account of segregated fund holders as well as $110 for Other
    invested assets, and transferred into Level 2 based on the availability of observable inputs and other criteria.

Unobservable Inputs and Sensitivity for Level 3 Assets
Our assets categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily Investment properties, Debt securities and Other invested assets.

The fair value of Investment properties is determined by using the discounted cash flow methodology as described in Note 5.A.ii. The key
unobservable inputs used in the valuation of investment properties as at December 31, 2020 include the following:
•    Estimated rental value: The estimated rental value is based on contractual rent and other local market lease transactions, net of reimbursable
     operating expenses. An increase (decrease) in the estimated rental value would result in a higher (lower) fair value. The estimated rental value
     varies depending on the property types, which include retail, office, and industrial properties. The estimated rental value (in dollars, per square
     foot, per annum) ranges from $12.00 to $76.00 for retail and office properties and from $3.00 to $21.50 for industrial properties.
•    Rental growth rate: The rental growth rate is typically estimated based on expected market behaviour, which is influenced by the type of
     property and geographic region of the property. An increase (decrease) in the rental growth rate would result in a higher (lower) fair value. The



                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020    131
      rental growth rate (per annum) ranges from 0.00% to 3.00%, however the one- to two-year short-term rent curve is either below or above this
      range for select properties.
•     Long-term vacancy rate: The long-term vacancy rate is typically estimated based on expected market behaviour, which is influenced by the
      type of property and geographic region of the property. An increase (decrease) in the long-term vacancy rate would result in a lower (higher)
      fair value. The long-term vacancy rate ranges from 2.00% to 10.00%.
•     Discount rate: The discount rate is derived from market activity across various property types and geographic regions and is a reflection of the
      expected rate of return to be realized on the investment over the next 10 years. An increase (decrease) in the discount rate would result in a
      lower (higher) fair value. The discount rate ranges from 4.00% to 10.25%.
•     Terminal capitalization rate: The terminal capitalization rate is derived from market activity across various property types and geographic
      regions and is a reflection of the expected rate of return to be realized on the investment over the remainder of its life after the 10-year period.
      An increase (decrease) in the terminal capitalization rate would result in a lower (higher) fair value. The terminal capitalization rate ranges from
      4.25% to 8.75%.

Changes in the estimated rental value are positively correlated with changes in the rental growth rate. Changes in the estimated rental value are
negatively correlated with changes in the long-term vacancy rate, the discount rate, and the terminal capitalization rate.

Our Debt securities categorized in Level 3, which are included in Debt securities - FVTPL and Debt securities - AFS in the Level 3 roll forward table,
consist primarily of corporate bonds. The fair value of these corporate bonds is generally determined using broker quotes that cannot be
corroborated with observable market transactions. Significant unobservable inputs for these corporate bonds would include issuer spreads, which
are comprised of credit, liquidity, and other security-specific features of the bonds. An increase (decrease) in these issuer spreads would result in a
lower (higher) fair value. Due to the unobservable nature of these broker quotes, we do not assess whether applying reasonably possible alternative
assumptions would have an impact on the fair value of the Level 3 corporate bonds. The majority of our debt securities categorized in Level 3 are
FVTPL assets supporting insurance contract liabilities. Changes in the fair value of these assets supporting insurance contract liabilities are largely
offset by changes in the corresponding insurance contract liabilities under CALM. As a result, though using reasonably possible alternative
assumptions may have an impact on the fair value of the Level 3 debt securities, it would not have a significant impact on our Consolidated Financial
Statements.

The Other invested assets categorized in Level 3, which are included in Other invested assets - FVTPL and Other invested assets - AFS in the Level 3
roll forward table, consists primarily of limited partnership investments. The fair value of our limited partnership investments is based on net asset
value ("NAV") provided by management of the limited partnership investments. Based on the unobservable nature of these NAVs, we do not assess
whether applying reasonably possible alternative assumptions would have an impact on the fair value of the Level 3 limited partnership
investments.

Valuation Process for Level 3 Assets
Our assets categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily Investment properties, Debt securities and limited partnership investments
included in Other invested assets. Our valuation processes for these assets are as follows:

The fair value of investment properties are based on the results of appraisals performed annually and reviewed quarterly for material changes. The
valuation methodology used to determine the fair value is in accordance with the standards of the Appraisal Institute of Canada, the U.S., and the
UK. Investment properties are appraised externally at least once every three years. Investment properties not appraised externally in a given year
are reviewed by qualified appraisers. A management committee, including investment professionals, reviews the fair value of investment properties
for overall reasonability.

The fair value of Debt securities is generally obtained by external pricing services. We obtain an understanding of inputs and valuation methods used
by external pricing services. When fair value cannot be obtained from external pricing services, broker quotes, or internal models subject to detailed
review and validation processes are used. The fair value of debt securities is subject to price validation and review procedures to ensure overall
reasonability.

The fair value of limited partnership investments, included in Other invested assets, is based on NAV. The financial statements used in calculating
the NAV are generally audited annually. We review the NAV of the limited partnership investments and perform analytical and other procedures to
ensure the fair value is reasonable.




132   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
5.B Interest and Other Investment Income
Interest and other investment income presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations consist of the following:

 For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                      2020                  2019

 Interest income:
     Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities                                                                          $         71            $      164
     Debt securities - fair value through profit or loss                                                                              2,485                 2,395
     Debt securities - available-for-sale                                                                                               317                   411
     Mortgages and loans                                                                                                              2,189                 2,208
     Derivative investments                                                                                                              46                    30
     Policy loans                                                                                                                       188                   188
 Total interest income                                                                                                                5,296                 5,396
 Equity securities - dividends on fair value through profit or loss                                                                     165                   137
 Equity securities - dividends on available-for-sale                                                                                      4                     8
 Investment properties rental income(1)                                                                                                 551                   575
 Investment properties expenses                                                                                                        (243)                 (252)
 Other income                                                                                                                          (154)                  196
 Investment expenses and taxes                                                                                                         (212)                 (205)
 Total interest and other investment income                                                                                    $      5,407            $    5,855
(1)
      Includes operating lease rental income from investment properties.

5.C Fair Value and Foreign Currency Changes on Assets and Liabilities
Fair value and foreign currency changes on assets and liabilities presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations consist of the following:

 For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                      2020                  2019

 Fair value change:
     Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities                                                                          $        (10)           $       (2)
     Debt securities                                                                                                                  5,209                 5,686
     Equity securities                                                                                                                  357                   629
     Derivative investments                                                                                                           1,306                   772
     Other invested assets                                                                                                               (3)                   77
 Total change in fair value through profit or loss assets and liabilities                                                             6,859                 7,162
 Fair value changes on investment properties                                                                                             19                   305
 Foreign exchange gains (losses)(1)                                                                                                     (18)                 (349)
 Fair value and foreign currency changes on assets and liabilities                                                             $      6,860            $    7,118
(1)
      Primarily arises from the translation of foreign currency denominated AFS monetary assets and mortgage and loans. Any offsetting amounts arising from
      foreign currency derivatives are included in the fair value change on derivative investments.

5.D Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Securities
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities presented in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and Net cash, cash equivalents and
short-term securities presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows consist of the following:

 As at December 31,                                                                                                                    2020                  2019

 Cash                                                                                                                          $     2,498             $    1,656
 Cash equivalents                                                                                                                    8,156                  5,059
 Short-term securities                                                                                                               2,873                  2,860
 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities                                                                                   13,527                  9,575
 Less: Bank overdraft, recorded in Other liabilities                                                                                     6                     30
 Net cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities                                                                          $    13,521             $    9,545




                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   133
5.E Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
The fair values of derivative financial instruments by major class of derivatives are as follows:

 As at December 31,                                                                                 2020                                     2019
                                                                                                  Fair value                               Fair value
                                                                                            Assets           Liabilities             Assets           Liabilities

 Interest rate contracts                                                               $     1,409              $     (340)   $      1,198           $     (517)
 Foreign exchange contracts                                                                    659                  (1,382)            242               (1,516)
 Other contracts                                                                                92                     (22)            108                   (7)
 Total derivatives                                                                     $     2,160              $   (1,744)   $      1,548           $   (2,040)

The following table presents the fair values of derivative assets and liabilities categorized by type of hedge for accounting purposes and derivative
investments:

 As at December 31,                                             2020                                                          2019
                                              Total notional               Fair value                        Total notional                Fair value
                                                    amount           Assets           Liabilities                  amount            Assets           Liabilities

 Derivative investments(1)                        $    61,680    $     2,140           $    (1,722)             $   60,707    $      1,517           $   (1,831)
 Fair value hedges                                        278              5                    (2)                    616              —                  (208)
 Cash flow hedges                                         834             15                   (20)                    808              31                   (1)
 Total derivatives                                $    62,792    $     2,160           $    (1,744)             $   62,131    $      1,548           $   (2,040)
(1)
      Derivative investments are derivatives that have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes.

We did not have any net investment hedges in 2020 or 2019.

Hedge ineffectiveness recognized in Interest and other investment income consists of the following:

 For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                     2020                 2019

 Fair value hedging ineffectiveness:
 Gains (losses) on the hedged items attributable to the hedged risk                                                           $       (209)          $        71
 Gains (losses) on the hedging derivatives                                                                                             207                   (64)
 Net ineffectiveness on fair value hedges                                                                                     $          (2)         $         7

For cash flow hedges, we had hedge ineffectiveness of $1 in 2020 ($1 in 2019). We expect to reclassify a gain of $6 from accumulated OCI to net
income within the next 12 months that relates to cash flow hedges of anticipated award payments under certain share-based payment plans that
are expected to occur in 2021, 2022 and 2023 and cash flow hedges which hedge against foreign exchange exposure. The reclassification of
accumulated OCI to income relating to these foreign currency forwards occurs upon disposal or impairment of the foreign operation.

5.F Transfers of Financial Assets
We enter into transactions, including mortgage securitization, repurchase agreements and securities lending, where we transfer financial assets
while retaining the risks and rewards of ownership of the assets. These transferred financial assets are not derecognized and remain on our
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The carrying value of the transferred assets and the associated liabilities are described in the sections
below.

5.F.i Mortgage Securitization
We securitize certain insured fixed-rate commercial mortgages through the creation of mortgage-backed securities under the National Housing Act
Mortgage-Backed Securities ("NHA MBS") Program sponsored by the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation ("CMHC"). The NHA MBS are then
sold to Canada Housing Trust, a government-sponsored security trust that issues securities to third-party investors under the Canadian Mortgage
Bond ("CMB") program. The securitization of these assets does not qualify for derecognition as we have not transferred substantially all of the risks
and rewards of ownership. Specifically, we continue to be exposed to pre-payment and interest rate risk associated with these assets. There are no
expected credit losses on the securitized mortgages, as the mortgages were already insured by the CMHC prior to securitization. These assets
continue to be recognized as Mortgages and loans in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Proceeds from securitization transactions
are recognized as secured borrowings and included in Other liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

Receipts of principal on the securitized mortgages are deposited into a principal reinvestment account ("PRA") to meet our repayment obligation
upon maturity under the CMB program. The assets in the PRA are typically comprised of cash and cash equivalents and certain asset-backed
securities. We are exposed to reinvestment risk due to the amortizing nature of the securitized mortgages relative to our repayment obligation for
the full principal amount due at maturity. We mitigate this reinvestment risk using interest rate swaps.

The carrying value and fair value of the securitized mortgages as at December 31, 2020 are $1,781 and $1,873, respectively ($1,587 and $1,592,
respectively, as at December 31, 2019). The carrying value and fair value of the associated liabilities as at December 31, 2020 are $1,912 and $2,032,


134     Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
respectively ($1,715 and $1,734, respectively, as at December 31, 2019). The carrying value of asset-backed securities in the PRA as at
December 31, 2020 is $145 ($124 as at December 31, 2019). There are no cash and cash equivalents in the PRA as at December 31, 2020 and 2019.

The fair value of the secured borrowings from mortgage securitization is based on the methodologies and assumptions for asset-backed securities
described in Note 5.A.ii. The fair value of these liabilities is categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as at December 31, 2020 and 2019.

5.F.ii Repurchase Agreements
We enter into repurchase agreements for operational funding and liquidity purposes. Repurchase agreements have maturities ranging from 7 to 365
days, averaging 86 days, and bear interest at an average rate of 0.37% as at December 31, 2020 (1.81% as at December 31, 2019). The carrying
values of the transferred assets and the obligations related to their repurchase, which approximate their fair values, are $2,208 as at
December 31, 2020 ($1,850 as at December 31, 2019). These liabilities are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Collateral primarily
consists of cash and cash equivalents as well as government guaranteed securities. Details on the collateral pledged are included in Note 6.A.ii.

5.F.iii Securities Lending
The Company engages in securities lending to generate additional income. Certain securities from its portfolio are lent to other institutions for short
periods. Collateral exceeding the fair value of the securities lent is deposited by the borrower with a lending agent, usually a securities custodian,
and maintained by the lending agent until the underlying security has been returned to us. The fair value of the securities lent is monitored on a
daily basis with additional collateral obtained or refunded as the fair values fluctuate. Collateral primarily consists of Canadian federal and provincial
government securities and cash and cash equivalents. Certain arrangements allow us to invest the cash collateral received for the securities lent.
The carrying values of the securities lent approximate their fair values. The carrying values of the securities lent and the related collateral held are
$1,974 and $2,063, respectively, as at December 31, 2020 ($2,006 and $2,128, respectively, as at December 31, 2019). Of the collateral held, we
held cash collateral of $306 as at December 31, 2020 ($nil as at December 31, 2019), which is recognized on our Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position.



6. Financial Instrument Risk Management
The significant risks related to financial instruments are credit risk, market risk (including equity risk, interest rate and spread risk, and foreign
currency risk) and liquidity risk. The following sections describe how we manage these risks.

Some of our financial instruments risk management policies and procedures are described in our Annual Management’s Discussion and Analysis
("MD&A") for the year ended December 31, 2020. The shaded text and tables in the Risk Management section of the MD&A represent part of our
disclosures on credit, market and liquidity risks and include a description of how we measure our risk and our objectives, policies and methodologies
for managing these risks. Therefore, the shaded text and tables are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

We use derivative instruments to manage market risks related to equity market, interest rate and currency fluctuations and in replication strategies
for permissible investments. We do not engage in speculative investment in derivatives. The gap in market sensitivities or exposures between
liabilities and supporting assets is monitored and managed within defined tolerance limits, by using derivative instruments, where appropriate. We
use models and techniques to measure the effectiveness of our risk management strategies.

6.A Credit Risk
Risk Description
Credit risk is the possibility of loss from amounts owed by our borrowers or financial counterparties. We are subject to credit risk in connection with
issuers of securities held in our investment portfolio, debtors, structured securities, reinsurers, counterparties (including derivative, repurchase
agreement and securities lending counterparties), other financial institutions and other entities. Losses may occur when a counterparty fails to make
timely payments pursuant to the terms of the underlying contractual arrangement or when the counterparty's credit rating or risk profile otherwise
deteriorates. Credit risk can also arise in connection with deterioration in the value of, or ability to realize, any underlying security that may be used
as collateral for the debt obligation. Credit risk can occur as a result of broad economic conditions, challenges within specific sectors of the
economy, or from issues affecting individual companies. Events that result in defaults, impairments or downgrades of the securities in our
investment portfolio would cause the Company to record realized or unrealized losses and may cause an increase in our provisions for asset default,
adversely impacting earnings.

Credit Risk Management Governance and Control
We employ a wide range of credit risk management practices and controls, as outlined below:
•   Credit risk governance practices are in place, including independent monitoring and review and reporting to senior management and the Risk
    Committee.
•   Risk appetite limits have been established for credit risk.
•   Income and regulatory capital sensitivities are monitored, managed and reported against pre-established risk limits.
•   Comprehensive Investment and Credit Risk Management Policy, guidelines and practices are in place.
•   Specific investment diversification requirements are in place, such as defined investment limits for asset class, geography, and industry.
•   Risk-based credit portfolio, counterparty, and sector exposure limits have been established.
•   Mandatory use of credit quality ratings for portfolio investments has been established and is reviewed regularly. These internal rating decisions
    for new fixed income investments and ongoing review of existing rating decisions are independently adjudicated by Corporate Risk
    Management.
•   Comprehensive due diligence processes and ongoing credit analyses are conducted.
•   Regulatory solvency requirements include risk-based capital requirements and are monitored regularly.
•   Comprehensive compliance monitoring practices and procedures including reporting against pre-established investment limits are in place.

                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements               Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   135
•       Reinsurance exposures are monitored to ensure that no single reinsurer represents an undue level of credit risk.
•       Stress-testing techniques, such as Financial Condition Testing ("FCT"), are used to measure the effects of large and sustained adverse credit
        developments.
•       Insurance contract liabilities are established in accordance with Canadian actuarial standards of practice.
•       Internal capital targets are established at an enterprise level to cover all risks and are above minimum regulatory and supervisory levels. Actual
        capital levels are monitored to ensure they exceed internal targets.

6.A.i Maximum Exposure to Credit Risk
Our maximum credit exposure related to financial instruments as at December 31 is the balance as presented in our Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position as we believe that these carrying amounts best represent the maximum exposure to credit risk. The credit exposure for debt
securities may be increased to the extent that the amounts recovered from default are insufficient to satisfy the actuarial liability cash flows that the
assets are intended to support.

The positive fair value of derivative assets is used to determine the credit risk exposure if the counterparties were to default. The credit risk
exposure is the cost of replacing, at current market rates, all derivative contracts with a positive fair value. Additionally, we have credit exposure to
items not on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as follows:

 As at December 31,                                                                                                                  2020                2019

 Off-balance sheet item:
    Loan commitments(1)                                                                                                        $    1,890          $     2,175
(1)
      Loan commitments include commitments to extend credit under commercial and multi-family residential mortgages and private debt securities not quoted
      in an active market. Commitments on debt securities contain provisions that allow for withdrawal of the commitment if there is deterioration in the credit
      quality of the borrower.

6.A.ii Right of Offset and Collateral
We invest in financial assets which may be secured by real estate properties, pools of financial assets, third-party financial guarantees, credit
insurance, and other arrangements.

For OTC derivatives, collateral is collected from and pledged to counterparties to manage credit exposure according to the Credit Support Annex
("CSA"), which forms part of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association's ("ISDA") master agreements. It is common practice to execute a
CSA in conjunction with an ISDA master agreement. Under the ISDA master agreements for OTC derivatives, we have a right of offset in the event of
default, insolvency, bankruptcy, or other early termination. In the ordinary course of business, bilateral OTC exposures under these agreements are
substantially mitigated through associated collateral agreements with a majority of our counterparties.

For exchange-traded derivatives subject to derivative clearing agreements with the exchanges and clearinghouses, there is no provision for set-off at
default. Initial margin is excluded from the table below as it would become part of a pooled settlement process.

For repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements, assets are sold or purchased with a commitment to resell or repurchase at a future
date. Additional collateral may be pledged to or collected from counterparties to manage credit exposure according to bilateral repurchase or
reverse repurchase agreements. In the event of default by a counterparty, we are entitled to liquidate the assets we hold as collateral to offset
against obligations to the same counterparty.

In the case of securities lending, assets are lent with a commitment from the counterparty to return at a future date. Cash or securities are received
as collateral from the counterparty. In the event of default by the counterparty, we are entitled to liquidate the assets we hold as collateral to offset
against obligations to the same counterparty.




136     Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
We do not offset financial instruments in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, as our rights of offset are conditional. The following
tables present the effect of conditional netting and similar arrangements. Similar arrangements include global master repurchase agreements,
security lending agreements, and any related rights to financial collateral.

 As at December 31,                                                             2020                                                            2019
                                                                        Related amounts not set                                      Related amounts not set
                                                                         off in the Consolidated                                      off in the Consolidated
                                                                        Statements of Financial                                      Statements of Financial
                                                                                  Position                                                     Position
                                                          Financial                                                   Financial
                                                      instruments       Financial                                 instruments       Financial
                                                        presented instruments                                       presented instruments
                                                             in the    subject to Financial                              in the    subject to Financial
                                                     Consolidated         master                                 Consolidated         master
                                                       Statements      netting or collateral                       Statements      netting or collateral
                                                       of Financial       similar (received)                 Net   of Financial       similar (received)                       Net
                                                         Position(1) agreements pledged(2)                amount     Position(1) agreements pledged(2)                      amount

 Financial assets:
    Derivative assets (Note 6.A.v)                        $    2,160       $   (883) $ (1,139) $             138         $   1,548      $       (737) $      (730) $           81
    Reverse repurchase agreements (Note 8)                         4             (4)       —                  —                  3                (3)          —               —
 Total financial assets                                   $    2,164       $   (887) $ (1,139) $             138         $   1,551      $       (740) $      (730) $           81

 Financial liabilities:
    Derivative liabilities                                $ (1,744)        $    883     $     736     $      (125)       $ (2,040)      $       737     $     937       $     (366)
    Repurchase agreements (Note 5.F.ii)                     (2,208)               4         2,204              —           (1,850)                3         1,847               —
    Cash collateral on securities lent
      (Note 5.F.iii)                                            (306)               —           301            (5)              —                  —           —                —
 Total financial liabilities                              $ (4,258)        $    887     $   3,241     $      (130)       $ (3,890)      $       740     $   2,784       $     (366)
(1)
    Net amounts of the financial instruments presented in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position are the same as our gross recognized financial
    instruments, as we do not offset financial instruments in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
(2)
    Financial collateral excludes overcollateralization and, for exchange-traded derivatives, initial margin. Total financial collateral, including initial margin and
    overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1,275 ($939 as at December 31, 2019), received on reverse repurchase agreements was $4 ($3 as
    at December 31, 2019), pledged on derivative liabilities was $1,830 ($1,706 as at December 31, 2019), and pledged on repurchase agreements was $2,208
    ($1,850 as at December 31, 2019).

6.A.iii Concentration Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors, or groups of debtors that have similar credit risk
characteristics, such as groups of debtors in the same economic or geographic regions or in similar industries. Related issuers may have similar
economic characteristics so that their ability to meet contractual obligations may be impacted similarly by changes in the economic or political
conditions. We manage this risk by appropriately diversifying our investment portfolio through the use of concentration limits. In particular, we
maintain policies which set counterparty exposure limits to manage the credit exposure for investments in any single issuer or to the same
underlying credit. Exceptions exist for investments in securities which are issued or guaranteed by the Government of Canada, U.S. or UK and issuers
for which the Risk Committee have granted specific approval. Mortgages are collateralized by the related property, and generally do not exceed 75%
of the value of the property at the time the original loan is made. Our mortgages and loans are diversified by type and location and, for mortgages,
by borrower. Loans provide diversification benefits (name, industry and geography) and often provide stronger covenants and collateral than public
debt securities, thereby providing both better credit protection and potentially higher recoveries in the event of default. The following tables
provide details of the debt securities, mortgages and loans held by issuer country, geographic location and industry sector, where applicable.

The carrying value of debt securities by geographic location is shown in the following table. The geographic location is based on the country of the
creditor's parent.

 As at December 31,                                                 2020                                                                    2019
                                              Fair value                                                            Fair value
                                                through                Available-           Total debt                through                Available-             Total debt
                                           profit or loss                for-sale            securities          profit or loss                for-sale              securities

 Canada                                      $   34,005             $      4,685            $    38,690              $   28,221             $      5,031            $       33,252
 United States                                   27,183                    3,984                 31,167                  24,224                    5,822                    30,046
 United Kingdom                                   4,592                      487                  5,079                   4,874                      528                     5,402
 Other                                           12,054                    2,099                 14,153                  10,575                    2,331                    12,906
 Balance                                     $   77,834             $     11,255            $    89,089              $   67,894             $    13,712             $       81,606




                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                      Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020      137
The carrying value of debt securities by issuer and industry sector is shown in the following table:

 As at December 31,                                                                     2020                                                  2019
                                                                         Fair value                                           Fair value
                                                                           through      Available-       Total debt             through       Available-    Total debt
                                                                      profit or loss      for-sale        securities       profit or loss       for-sale     securities

 Debt securities issued or guaranteed by:
   Canadian federal government                                            $ 4,560         $ 1,929           $ 6,489           $ 3,890          $ 2,556       $ 6,446
   Canadian provincial and municipal government                            16,909           1,333            18,242            13,826            1,139        14,965
   U.S. government and agency                                               1,678             797             2,475             1,748            1,363         3,111
   Other foreign government                                                 5,281             823             6,104             5,181              736         5,917
 Total government issued or guaranteed debt securities                      28,428           4,882           33,310               24,645            5,794      30,439
 Corporate debt securities by industry sector:
    Financials                                                              10,644           1,212           11,856                9,341            1,585      10,926
    Utilities                                                                7,561             682            8,243                6,693              565       7,258
    Industrials                                                              5,659             567            6,226                4,800              629       5,429
    Energy                                                                   4,452             350            4,802                3,867              365       4,232
    Communication services                                                   3,644             322            3,966                3,075              471       3,546
    Real estate                                                              2,438             329            2,767                2,595              368       2,963
    Health care                                                              1,986             186            2,172                1,886              236       2,122
    Consumer staples                                                         1,893             158            2,051                1,703              221       1,924
    Consumer discretionary                                                   1,606             165            1,771                1,268              219       1,487
    Materials                                                                1,473             152            1,625                1,331              212       1,543
    Information technology                                                   1,308             187            1,495                1,122              213       1,335
 Total corporate debt securities                                            42,664           4,310           46,974               37,681            5,084      42,765
 Asset-backed securities                                                     6,742           2,063            8,805                5,568            2,834       8,402
 Total debt securities                                                    $ 77,834        $ 11,255          $ 89,089          $ 67,894         $ 13,712      $ 81,606

The carrying value of mortgages and loans by geographic location and type is shown in the following tables. The geographic location for mortgages is
based on location of property, while for corporate loans it is based on the country of the creditor's parent.

 As at December 31, 2020                                       Canada            United States      United Kingdom                          Other                Total

 Mortgages:
   Retail                                              $         1,963       $           1,747       $                 —      $                —      $         3,710
   Office                                                        1,635                   1,846                         —                       —                3,481
   Multi-family residential                                      3,950                   1,681                         —                       —                5,631
   Industrial and land                                             996                     949                         —                       —                1,945
   Other                                                           575                      86                         —                       —                  661
 Total mortgages(1)                                    $        9,119        $          6,309        $              —         $                —      $        15,428
 Loans                                                 $       13,107        $         13,773        $           3,798        $             3,840     $        34,518
 Total mortgages and loans                             $       22,226        $         20,082        $           3,798        $             3,840     $        49,946
(1)
      $4,008 of mortgages in Canada are insured by the CMHC.


 As at December 31, 2019                                       Canada            United States       United Kingdom                         Other                Total

 Mortgages:
   Retail                                              $         1,981       $           1,921       $                 —      $                —      $         3,902
   Office                                                        1,854                   2,068                         —                       —                3,922
   Multi-family residential                                      3,900                   1,791                         —                       —                5,691
   Industrial and land                                             861                   1,037                         —                       —                1,898
   Other                                                           714                      98                         —                       —                  812
 Total mortgages(1)                                    $         9,310       $          6,915        $              —         $                —      $        16,225
 Loans                                                 $        13,249       $         11,994        $           3,297        $             3,457     $        31,997
 Total mortgages and loans                             $        22,559       $         18,909        $           3,297        $             3,457     $        48,222
(1)
      $3,966 of mortgages in Canada are insured by the CMHC.




138     Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
6.A.iv Contractual Maturities
The contractual maturities of debt securities are shown in the following table. Actual maturities could differ from contractual maturities because of
the borrower's right to call or extend or right to prepay obligations, with or without prepayment penalties.

As at December 31,                                            2020                                                           2019
                                          Fair value                                                    Fair value
                                            through            Available-            Total debt           through              Available-            Total debt
                                       profit or loss            for-sale             securities     profit or loss              for-sale             securities

Due in 1 year or less                    $    3,048           $        721           $    3,769       $     2,094            $      2,025            $    4,119
Due in years 2-5                             10,526                  3,549               14,075             9,692                   3,954                13,646
Due in years 6-10                            10,459                  3,540               13,999             9,655                   3,301                12,956
Due after 10 years                           53,801                  3,445               57,246            46,453                   4,432                50,885
Total debt securities                    $   77,834           $    11,255            $   89,089       $    67,894            $    13,712             $   81,606

The carrying value of mortgages by scheduled maturity, before allowances for losses, is as follows:

As at December 31,                                                                                                                   2020                  2019

Due in 1 year or less                                                                                                        $      1,230            $    1,099
Due in years 2-5                                                                                                                    5,465                 5,255
Due in years 6-10                                                                                                                   5,884                 6,787
Due after 10 years                                                                                                                 2,915                  3,154
Total mortgages                                                                                                              $    15,494             $   16,295

The carrying value of loans by scheduled maturity, before allowances for losses, is as follows:

As at December 31,                                                                                                                   2020                  2019

Due in 1 year or less                                                                                                        $     2,192             $    1,834
Due in years 2-5                                                                                                                   6,954                  6,872
Due in years 6-10                                                                                                                  6,670                  5,449
Due after 10 years                                                                                                                18,751                 17,889
Total loans                                                                                                                  $    34,567             $   32,044




                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   139
Notional amounts of derivative financial instruments are the basis for calculating payments and are generally not the actual amounts exchanged.
The following table provides the notional amounts of derivative instruments outstanding by type of derivative and term to maturity:

 As at December 31,                                                            2020                                                           2019
                                                                         Term to maturity                                               Term to maturity
                                                           Under           1 to 5     Over 5                               Under          1 to 5     Over 5
                                                           1 Year          Years        Years              Total           1 Year         Years        Years        Total

 Over-the-counter contracts:
    Interest rate contracts:
        Forward contracts                              $       —     $        6       $       —       $        6       $      50    $       —     $       —    $       50
        Swap contracts                                      1,010         3,363           13,302          17,675           1,906         3,052        14,649       19,607
        Options purchased                                     757         3,246            2,285           6,288             617         3,279         2,850        6,746
        Options written(1)                                     —            465               —              465             357           474            —           831
    Foreign exchange contracts:
        Forward contracts                                  12,205            31               —           12,236           5,289         4,137            —         9,426
        Swap contracts                                      1,260         2,797           14,467          18,524             867         3,723        12,366       16,956
    Other contracts:
        Options purchased                                    119               8              —              127           1,164            —             —         1,164
        Forward contracts                                    132             175              —              307             128           176            —           304
        Swap contracts                                       170               1              —              171             178             1            —           179
        Credit derivatives                                   175             737              —              912             343           878            6         1,227
 Exchange-traded contracts:
    Interest rate contracts:
        Futures contracts                                   3,389             —               —            3,389           2,917             —            —         2,917
    Equity contracts:
        Futures contracts                                   2,553             —               —            2,553           2,507            —             —         2,507
        Options purchased                                     127             —               —              127             200            —             —           200
        Options written                                        12             —               —               12              17            —             —            17
 Total notional amount                                 $ 21,909      $ 10,829         $ 30,054        $ 62,792         $ 16,540     $ 15,720      $ 29,871     $ 62,131
(1)
      These are covered short derivative positions that may include interest rate options, swaptions, or floors.

The following table provides the fair value of derivative instruments outstanding by term to maturity:

 As at December 31,                                                            2020                                                           2019
                                                                          Term to maturity                                               Term to maturity
                                                           Under           1 to 5     Over 5                               Under          1 to 5     Over 5
                                                           1 Year          Years       Years               Total           1 Year         Years       Years         Total

 Derivative assets                                     $      329    $       223      $ 1,608         $ 2,160          $     180    $      231    $ 1,137      $ 1,548
 Derivative liabilities                                $     (215)   $      (245)     $ (1,284)       $ (1,744)        $     (73)   $     (377)   $ (1,590)    $ (2,040)




140     Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
6.A.v Asset Quality
The following sections describe our assessment of the credit quality of our financial assets. We monitor credit quality based on internal risk ratings
as well as ratings assigned by external rating agencies where available.

Debt Securities by Credit Rating
Investment grade debt securities are those rated BBB and above. Our debt security portfolio was 98% investment grade based on carrying value as
at December 31, 2020 (99% as at December 31, 2019). The credit risk ratings were established in accordance with the internal rating process
described in the Credit Risk Management Governance and Control section.

The following table summarizes our debt securities by credit quality:

As at December 31,                                                2020                                                         2019
                                           Fair value                                                    Fair value
                                             through              Available-            Total debt         through              Available-            Total debt
                                        profit or loss              for-sale             securities   profit or loss              for-sale             securities

Debt securities by credit rating:
  AAA                                      $   12,794            $     4,810            $   17,604     $    11,097            $      6,630            $   17,727
  AA                                           11,870                  1,586                13,456          10,503                   1,670                12,173
  A                                            30,812                  2,600                33,412          27,341                   3,037                30,378
  BBB                                          21,203                  2,091                23,294          18,339                   2,248                20,587
  BB and lower                                  1,155                    168                 1,323             614                     127                   741
Total debt securities                      $   77,834            $    11,255            $   89,089     $    67,894            $    13,712             $   81,606

Mortgages and Loans by Credit Rating
The credit quality of mortgages and loans is evaluated internally through regular monitoring of credit-related exposures. We use judgment and
experience to determine what factors should be considered when assigning an internal credit rating, which is validated through the use of credit
scoring models, to a particular mortgage or corporate loan. The internal credit ratings reflect the credit quality of the borrower as well as the value
of any collateral held as security.

The following tables summarize our mortgages and loans by credit quality indicator:

As at December 31,                                                                                                                    2020                  2019

Mortgages by credit rating:
  Insured                                                                                                                     $      4,008            $    3,966
  AAA                                                                                                                                   —                      1
  AA                                                                                                                                 1,435                 2,087
  A                                                                                                                                  4,031                 5,481
  BBB                                                                                                                                4,524                 3,943
  BB and lower                                                                                                                       1,404                   670
  Impaired                                                                                                                              26                    77
Total mortgages                                                                                                               $    15,428             $   16,225

As at December 31,                                                                                                                    2020                  2019

Loans by credit rating:
   AAA                                                                                                                        $       212             $      224
   AA                                                                                                                               4,906                  5,044
   A                                                                                                                               13,183                 12,516
   BBB                                                                                                                             13,758                 12,920
   BB and lower                                                                                                                     2,427                  1,207
   Impaired                                                                                                                            32                     86
Total loans                                                                                                                   $    34,518             $   31,997

Derivative Financial Instruments by Counterparty Credit Rating
Derivative instruments consist of bilateral OTC contracts negotiated directly between counterparties, OTC contracts cleared through central clearing
houses or exchange-traded contracts. Since a counterparty failure in an OTC derivative transaction could render it ineffective for hedging purposes,
we generally transact our derivative contracts with highly-rated counterparties. In limited circumstances, we enter into transactions with lower-
rated counterparties if credit enhancement features are included.

We pledge and hold assets as collateral under CSAs for bilateral OTC derivative contracts. The collateral is realized in the event of early termination
as defined in the agreements. The assets held and pledged are primarily cash and debt securities issued by the Canadian federal government and
U.S. government and agencies. While we are generally permitted to sell or re-pledge the assets held as collateral, we have not sold or re-pledged



                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   141
any assets. Exchange-traded and cleared OTC derivatives require the posting of initial margin, as well as daily cash settlement of variation margin.
The terms and conditions related to the use of the collateral are consistent with industry practice.

Further details on collateral held and pledged as well as the impact of netting arrangements are included in Note 6.A.ii.

The following table shows the OTC derivative financial instruments with a positive fair value split by counterparty credit rating:

 As at December 31,                                                           2020                                                          2019
                                                      Gross positive           Impact of                  Net         Gross positive         Impact of               Net
                                                       replacement        master netting         replacement           replacement      master netting      replacement
                                                              cost(2)      agreements(3)                cost(4)               cost(2)    agreements(3)             cost(4)

 Over-the-counter contracts:
   AA                                                   $       596           $        (293)       $        303         $       439        $        (210)    $       229
   A                                                          1,430                    (575)                855               1,008                 (517)            491
   BBB                                                           98                     (15)                 83                  82                  (10)             72
 Total over-the-counter derivatives(1)                  $     2,124           $        (883)       $     1,241          $     1,529        $        (737)    $       792
(1)
    Exchange-traded derivatives with a positive fair value of $36 in 2020 ($19 in 2019) are excluded from the table above, as they are subject to daily
    margining requirements. Our credit exposure on these derivatives is with the exchanges and clearinghouses.
(2)
    Used to determine the credit risk exposure if the counterparties were to default. The credit risk exposure is the cost of replacing, at current market rates,
    all contracts with a positive fair value.
(3)
    The credit risk associated with derivative assets subject to master netting arrangements is reduced by derivative liabilities due to the same counterparty in
    the event of default or early termination. Our overall exposure to credit risk reduced through master netting arrangements may change substantially
    following the reporting date as the exposure is affected by each transaction subject to the arrangement.
(4)
    Net replacement cost is positive replacement cost less the impact of master netting agreements.

Credit Default Swaps by Underlying Financial Instrument Credit Rating
Credit default swaps ("CDS") are OTC contracts that transfer credit risk related to an underlying referenced financial instrument from one
counterparty to another. The purchaser receives protection against the decline in the value of the referenced financial instrument as a result of
specified credit events such as default or bankruptcy. The seller receives a periodic premium in return for payment contingent on a credit event
affecting the referenced financial instrument. CDS index contracts are those where the underlying referenced financial instruments are a group of
assets. The Company enters into credit derivatives to replicate credit exposure of an underlying reference security and enhance investment returns.
The credit risk ratings of the underlying reference securities for single name contracts were established in accordance with the internal rating
process described in the Credit Risk Management Governance and Control section.

The following table provides a summary of the credit default swap protection sold by credit rating of the underlying reference security:

 As at December 31,                                                                                          2020                                    2019
                                                                                                       Notional                Fair            Notional             Fair
                                                                                                        amount                value            amount              value

 Single name credit default swap contracts:
    AA                                                                                             $        38          $         1       $          45      $         1
    A                                                                                                      325                    4                 574                9
    BBB                                                                                                    530                   12                 608               19
      BB                                                                                                     19                   —                   —                —
 Total single name credit default swap contracts                                                   $       912          $        17       $       1,227      $        29
 Total credit default swap contracts sold                                                          $       912          $        17       $       1,227      $        29

Reinsurance Assets by Credit Rating
The table below presents the distribution of Reinsurance assets by credit rating:

 As at December 31,                                                            2020                                                        2019
                                                     Gross exposure               Collateral    Net exposure         Gross exposure            Collateral   Net exposure

 Reinsurance assets by credit rating:
    AA                                                  $     2,222           $           8        $     2,214          $     2,131        $          5      $     2,126
    A                                                         1,156                      73              1,083                1,170                  68            1,102
    BBB                                                         213                     127                 86                  200                 128               72
    BB                                                        1,779                   1,740                 39                1,707               1,663               44
    CCC                                                         168                     164                  4                  181                 168               13
    Not rated                                                    90                      75                 15                   78                  67               11
 Total                                                  $     5,628           $       2,187        $     3,441          $     5,467        $      2,099      $     3,368
 Less: Negative reinsurance assets                            1,785                                                           1,443
 Total Reinsurance assets                               $     3,843                                                     $     4,024


142   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
6.A.vi Impairment of Assets
Management assesses debt and equity securities, mortgages and loans, and other invested assets for objective evidence of impairment at each
reporting date. We employ a portfolio monitoring process to identify assets or groups of assets that have objective evidence of impairment, having
experienced a loss event or events that have an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the asset or group of assets. There are inherent risks
and uncertainties in our evaluation of assets or groups of assets for objective evidence of impairment, including both internal and external factors
such as general economic conditions, issuers' financial conditions and prospects for economic recovery, market interest rates, unforeseen events
which affect one or more issuers or industry sectors, and portfolio management parameters, including asset mix, interest rate risk, portfolio
diversification, duration matching, and greater than expected liquidity needs. All of these factors could impact our evaluation of an asset or group of
assets for objective evidence of impairment.

Management exercises considerable judgment in assessing for objective evidence of impairment and, based on its assessment, classifies specific
assets as either performing or into one of the following credit quality lists:

"Monitor List" - the timely collection of all contractually specified cash flows is reasonably assured, but changes in issuer-specific facts and
circumstances require monitoring. No impairment charge is recorded for unrealized losses on assets related to these debtors.

"Watch List" - the timely collection of all contractually specified cash flows is reasonably assured, but changes in issuer-specific facts and
circumstances require heightened monitoring. An asset is moved from the Monitor List to the Watch List when changes in issuer-specific facts and
circumstances increase the possibility that a security may experience a loss event on an imminent basis. No impairment charge is recorded for
unrealized losses on assets related to these debtors.

"Impaired List" - the timely collection of all contractually specified cash flows is no longer reasonably assured. For these investments that are
classified as AFS or amortized cost, an impairment charge is recorded or the asset is sold and a realized loss is recorded as a charge to income.
Impairment charges and realized losses are recorded on assets related to these debtors.

Our approach to determining whether there is objective evidence of impairment varies by asset type. However, we have a process to ensure that in
all instances where a decision has been made to sell an asset at a loss, the asset is impaired.

Debt Securities
Objective evidence of impairment on debt securities involves an assessment of the issuer's ability to meet current and future contractual interest
and principal payments. In determining whether debt securities have objective evidence of impairment, we employ a screening process. The process
identifies securities in an unrealized loss position, with particular attention paid to those securities whose fair value to amortized cost percentages
have been less than 80% for an extended period of time. Discrete credit events, such as a ratings downgrade, are also used to identify securities that
may have objective evidence of impairment. The securities identified are then evaluated based on issuer-specific facts and circumstances, including
an evaluation of the issuer's financial condition and prospects for economic recovery, evidence of difficulty being experienced by the issuer's parent
or affiliate, and management's assessment of the outlook for the issuer's industry sector.

Management also assesses previously impaired debt securities whose fair value has recovered to determine whether the recovery is objectively
related to an event occurring subsequent to the impairment loss that has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the asset.

Asset-backed securities are assessed for objective evidence of impairment. Specifically, we periodically update our best estimate of cash flows over
the life of the security. In the event that there is an adverse change in the expected cash flows, the asset is impaired. Estimating future cash flows is
a quantitative and qualitative process that incorporates information received from third parties, along with assumptions and judgments about the
future performance of the underlying collateral. Losses incurred on the respective mortgage-backed securities portfolios are based on loss models
using assumptions about key systematic risks, such as unemployment rates and housing prices, and loan-specific information such as delinquency
rates and loan-to-value ratios.

Equity Securities and Other Invested Assets
Objective evidence of impairment for equity securities and investments in limited partnerships, segregated funds, and mutual funds involves an
assessment of the prospect of recovering the cost of our investment. Instruments in an unrealized loss position are reviewed to determine if
objective evidence of impairment exists. Objective evidence of impairment for these instruments includes, but is not limited to, the financial
condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, including information about significant changes with adverse effects that have taken place in the
technological, market, economic, or legal environment in which the issuer operates, and a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the
instruments below their cost.

We apply presumptive impairment tests to determine whether there has been a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of an instrument
below its cost, and unless extenuating circumstances exist, the instrument is considered to be impaired.

Mortgages and Loans
Objective evidence of impairment on mortgages and loans involves an assessment of the borrower's ability to meet current and future contractual
interest and principal payments. In determining whether objective evidence of impairment exists, we consider a number of factors including, but not
limited to, the financial condition of the borrower and, for collateral dependent mortgages and loans, the fair value of the collateral.

Mortgages and loans causing concern are monitored closely and evaluated for objective evidence of impairment. For these mortgages and loans, we
review information that is appropriate to the circumstances, including recent operating developments, strategy review, timelines for remediation,
financial position of the borrower and, for collateral-dependent mortgages and loans, the value of security as well as occupancy and cash flow
considerations.



                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   143
In addition to specific allowances, circumstances may warrant a collective allowance based on objective evidence of impairment for a group of
mortgages and loans. We consider regional economic conditions, developments for various property types, and significant exposure to struggling
tenants in determining whether there is objective evidence of impairment for certain collateral dependent mortgages and loans, even though it is
not possible to identify specific mortgages and loans that are likely to become impaired on an individual basis.

Management also assesses previously impaired mortgages and loans to determine whether a recovery is objectively related to an event occurring
subsequent to the impairment loss that has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the asset.

Impairment of Fair Value Through Profit or Loss Assets
Since financial assets classified as FVTPL are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded to income, any reduction in value of the assets
due to impairment is already reflected in income. However, the impairment of assets classified as FVTPL generally impacts the change in insurance
contract liabilities due to the impact of asset impairment on estimates of future cash flows.

Impairment of Available-for-Sale Assets
We recognized net impairment losses on AFS assets of $19 for the year ended December 31, 2020 ($36 during 2019).

We did not reverse any impairment on AFS debt securities during 2020 and 2019.

Past Due and Impaired Mortgages and Loans
The distribution of mortgages and loans past due or impaired is shown in the following tables:

                                                                  Gross carrying value                                      Allowance for losses
As at December 31, 2020                              Mortgages                Loans                 Total       Mortgages              Loans           Total

Not past due                                         $   15,402         $   34,486           $    49,888        $     —           $       —        $     —
Impaired                                                     92                 81                   173              66                  49            115
Total                                                $   15,494         $   34,567           $    50,061        $     66          $       49       $    115

                                                                  Gross carrying value                                      Allowance for losses
As at December 31, 2019                              Mortgages                Loans                 Total       Mortgages              Loans           Total

Not past due                                         $   16,148         $   31,911           $    48,059        $     —           $       —        $     —
Impaired                                                    147                133                   280              70                  47            117
Total                                                $   16,295         $   32,044           $    48,339        $     70          $       47       $    117

Changes in Allowances for Losses
The changes in the allowances for losses are as follows:
                                                                                                                Mortgages              Loans           Total

Balance, January 1, 2019                                                                                        $     25          $       50       $     75
Provision for (reversal of) losses                                                                                    46                  (1)            45
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                       (1)                 (2)            (3)
Balance, December 31, 2019                                                                                      $     70          $       47       $    117
Provision for (reversal of) losses                                                                                     6                  17             23
Write-offs, net of recoveries, and other adjustments                                                                  (9)                (15)           (24)
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                       (1)                 —              (1)
Balance, December 31, 2020                                                                                      $     66          $       49       $    115


6.B Market Risk
Risk Description
We are exposed to financial and capital market risk, which is defined as the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an insurance contract or
financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes or volatility in market prices. Market risk includes equity, interest rate and spread, real estate
and foreign currency risks.

Market Risk Management Governance and Control
We employ a wide range of market risk management practices and controls as outlined below:
•   Market risk governance practices are in place, including independent monitoring and review and reporting to senior management and the Risk
    Committee.
•   Risk appetite limits have been established for equity, interest rate, real estate and foreign currency risks.
•   Income and regulatory capital sensitivities are monitored, managed and reported against pre-established risk limits.
•   Comprehensive asset-liability management and hedging policies, programs and practices are in place.
•   Regulatory solvency requirements include risk-based capital requirements and are monitored regularly.
•   Product Design and Pricing Policy requires a detailed risk assessment and pricing provisions for material risks.
•   Stress-testing techniques, such as FCT, are used to measure the effects of large and sustained adverse market movements.


144   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
•    Insurance contract liabilities are established in accordance with Canadian actuarial standards of practice.
•    Internal capital targets are established at an enterprise level to cover all risks and are above minimum regulatory and supervisory levels. Actual
     capital levels are monitored to ensure they exceed internal targets.

Specific market risks and our risk management strategies are discussed below in further detail.

6.B.i Equity Risk
Equity risk is the potential for financial loss arising from declines or volatility in equity market prices. We are exposed to equity risk from a number of
sources. A portion of our exposure to equity risk arises in connection with benefit guarantees on segregated fund products. These benefit
guarantees may be triggered upon death, maturity, withdrawal or annuitization. The cost of providing these guarantees is uncertain and depends
upon a number of factors, including general capital market conditions, our hedging strategies, policyholder behaviour and mortality experience,
each of which may result in negative impacts on net income and capital.

We generate revenue in our asset management businesses and from certain insurance and annuity contracts where fees are levied on account
balances that are affected directly by equity market levels. Accordingly, we have further exposure to equity risk as adverse fluctuations in the
market value of such assets will result in corresponding adverse impacts on our revenue and net income. In addition, declining and volatile equity
markets may have a negative impact on sales and redemptions (surrenders) in these businesses, and this may result in further adverse impacts on
our net income and financial position.

We also have direct exposure to equity markets from the investments supporting other general account liabilities, surplus, and employee benefit
plans. These exposures fall within our risk-taking philosophy and appetite, and are therefore generally not hedged.

The carrying value of equities by issuer country is shown in the following table:

As at December 31,                                                2020                                                        2019
                                               Fair value                                                 Fair value
                                                 through           Available-                 Total         through             Available-                  Total
                                            profit or loss           for-sale               equities   profit or loss             for-sale                equities

Canada                                        $    3,064           $        15          $     3,079     $     2,813            $           22         $     2,835
United States                                      1,046                   148                1,194             550                       137                 687
United Kingdom                                       163                     6                  169             132                         5                 137
Other                                              2,096                    93                2,189             979                       149               1,128
Total equities                                $    6,369           $       262          $     6,631     $     4,474            $          313         $     4,787


6.B.ii Embedded Derivatives Risk
An embedded derivative is contained within a host insurance contract if it includes an identifiable condition to modify the cash flows that are
otherwise payable. This section is applicable to those embedded derivatives where we are not required to, and have not measured (either
separately or together with the host contract) the embedded derivative at fair value.

A significant market risk exposure from embedded derivatives arises in connection with the benefit guarantees on segregated fund contracts. These
benefit guarantees are linked to underlying fund performance and may be triggered upon death, maturity, withdrawal, or annuitization. We have
implemented hedging programs to mitigate a portion of this market risk exposure.

We are also exposed to significant interest rate risk from embedded derivatives in certain general account products and segregated fund contracts,
which contain explicit or implicit investment guarantees in the form of minimum crediting rates, guaranteed premium rates, settlement options, and
benefit guarantees. If investment returns fall below guaranteed levels, we may be required to increase liabilities or capital in respect of these
contracts. The guarantees attached to these products may be applicable to both past premiums collected and future premiums not yet received.
Segregated fund contracts provide benefit guarantees that are linked to underlying fund performance and may be triggered upon death, maturity,
withdrawal, or annuitization. These products are included in our asset-liability management program and the residual interest rate exposure is
managed within our risk appetite limits.

We are also exposed to interest rate risk through guaranteed annuitization options included primarily in retirement contracts and pension plans.
These embedded options give policyholders the right to convert their investment into a pension on a guaranteed basis, thereby exposing us to
declining long-term interest rates as the annuity guarantee rates come into effect. Embedded options on unit-linked pension contracts give
policyholders the right to convert their fund at retirement into pensions on a guaranteed basis, thereby exposing us to declining interest rates and
increasing equity market returns (increasing the size of the fund which is eligible for the guaranteed conversion basis). Guaranteed annuity options
are included in our asset-liability management program and most of the interest rate and equity exposure is mitigated through hedging.

Significant changes or volatility in interest rates or spreads could have a negative impact on sales of certain insurance and annuity products, and
adversely impact the expected pattern of redemptions (surrenders) on existing policies. Increases in interest rates or widening spreads may increase
the risk that policyholders will surrender their contracts, potentially forcing us to liquidate assets at a loss and accelerate recognition of certain
acquisition expenses. While we have established hedging programs in place and our insurance and annuity products often contain surrender
mitigation features, these may not be sufficient to fully offset the adverse impact of the underlying losses.

Certain annuity and long-term disability contracts contain embedded derivatives as benefits are linked to the Consumer Price Index; however most
of this exposure is hedged through the Company’s ongoing asset-liability management program.



                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2020   145
6.C Liquidity Risk
Risk Description
Liquidity risk is the possibility that we will not be able to fund all cash outflow commitments and collateral requirements as they fall due. This
includes the risk of being forced to sell assets at depressed prices resulting in realized losses on sale. This risk also includes restrictions on our ability
to efficiently allocate capital among our subsidiaries due to various market and regulatory constraints on the movement of funds. Our funding
obligations arise in connection with the payment of policyholder benefits, expenses, reinsurance settlements, asset purchases, investment
commitments, interest on debt, and dividends on common and preferred shares. Sources of available cash flow include general fund premiums and
deposits, investment related inflows (such as maturities, principal repayments, investment income and proceeds of asset sales), proceeds generated
from financing activities, and dividends and interest payments from subsidiaries. We have various financing transactions and derivative contracts
under which we may be required to pledge collateral or to make payments to our counterparties for the decline in market value of specified assets.
The amount of collateral or payments required may increase under certain circumstances (such as changes to interest rates, credit spreads, equity
markets or foreign exchange rates), which could adversely affect our liquidity.

Liquidity Risk Management Governance and Control
We generally maintain a conservative liquidity position and employ a wide range of liquidity risk management practices and controls, which are
described below:
•    Liquidity risk governance practices are in place, including independent monitoring and review and reporting to senior management and the
     Risk Committee.
•    Liquidity is managed in accordance with our Asset Liability Management Policy and operating guidelines.
•    Liquidity contingency plans are maintained for the management of liquidity in a liquidity event.
•    Stress testing is performed by comparing liquidity coverage risk metrics under a one-month stress scenario to our policy thresholds. These
     liquidity coverage risk metrics are measured and managed at the enterprise and legal entity levels.
•    Stress testing of our collateral is performed by comparing collateral coverage ratios to our policy threshold.
•    Cash Management and asset-liability management programs support our ability to maintain our financial position by ensuring that sufficient
     cash flow and liquid assets are available to cover potential funding requirements. We invest in various types of assets with a view of matching
     them to our liabilities of various durations.
•    Internal capital targets are established at an enterprise level to cover all risks and are above minimum regulatory and supervisory levels. Actual
     capital levels are monitored to ensure they exceed internal targets.
•    We actively manage and monitor our capital and asset levels, and the diversification and credit quality of our investments.
•    Various credit facilities for general corporate purposes are maintained.

We are subject to various regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The ability of SLF Inc.'s subsidiaries to pay dividends and transfer
funds is regulated in certain jurisdictions and may require local regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of specific conditions in certain
circumstances. Through effective cash management and capital planning, SLF Inc. ensures that its subsidiaries, as a whole and on a stand-alone
basis, are properly funded and maintain adequate liquidity to meet obligations, both individually and in aggregate.
Based on our historical cash flows and liquidity management processes, we believe that the cash flows from our operating activities will continue to
provide sufficient liquidity for us to satisfy debt service obligations and to pay other expenses as they fall due.



7. Insurance Risk Management
7.A Insurance Risk
Risk Description
Insurance risk is the uncertainty of product performance due to actual experience emerging differently than expected in the areas of policyholder
behaviour, mortality, morbidity and longevity. In addition, product design and pricing, expense and reinsurance risks impact multiple risk categories,
including insurance risk.

Insurance Risk Management Governance and Control
We employ a wide range of insurance risk management practices and controls, as outlined below:
•   Insurance risk governance practices are in place, including independent monitoring and review and reporting to senior management and the
    Risk Committee.
•   Income and regulatory capital sensitivities are monitored, managed and reported against pre-established risk appetite limits for policyholder
    behaviour, mortality, morbidity and longevity risks.
•   Comprehensive Insurance Risk Policy, guidelines and practices are in place.
•   The global underwriting manual aligns underwriting practices with our corporate risk management standards and ensures a consistent
    approach in insurance underwriting.
•   Board-approved maximum retention limits are in place. Amounts issued in excess of these limits are reinsured.
•   Detailed procedures, including criteria for approval of risks and for claims adjudication are established and monitored for each business
    segment.
•   Underwriting and risk selection standards and procedures are established and overseen by the corporate underwriting and claims risk
    management function.
•   Diversification and risk pooling is managed by aggregation of exposures across product lines, geography and distribution channels.
•   The Insurance Risk Policy and Investment & Credit Risk Policy establish acceptance criteria and protocols to monitor the level of reinsurance
    ceded to any single reinsurer or group of reinsurers.
•   Reinsurance counterparty risk is monitored, including annual reporting of reinsurance exposure to the Risk Committee.



146   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
•    Concentration risk exposure is monitored on group policies in a single location to avoid a catastrophic event occurrence resulting in a
     significant impact.
•    Various limits, restrictions and fee structures are introduced into plan designs in order to establish a more homogeneous policy risk profile and
     limit potential for anti-selection.
•    Regulatory solvency requirements include risk-based capital requirements and are monitored regularly.
•    The Product Design and Pricing Policy requires detailed risk assessment and pricing provision for material risks.
•    Company specific and industry level experience studies and sources of earnings analysis are monitored and factored into valuation, renewal
     and new business pricing processes.
•    Stress-testing techniques, such as FCT, are used to measure the effects of large and sustained adverse movements in insurance risk factors.
•    Insurance contract liabilities are established in accordance with Canadian actuarial standards of practice.
•    Internal capital targets are established at an enterprise level to cover all risks and are above minimum regulatory and supervisory levels. Actual
     capital levels are monitored to ensure they exceed internal targets.

Our Insurance Risk Policy sets maximum global retention limits and related management standards and practices that are applied to reduce our
exposure to large claims. Amounts in excess of the Board-approved maximum retention limits are reinsured. On a single life or joint-first-to-die basis
retention limit is $40 in Canada and US$40 outside of Canada. For survivorship life insurance, our maximum global retention limit is $50 in Canada
and US$50 outside of Canada. In certain markets and jurisdictions, retention levels below the maximum are applied. Reinsurance is utilized for
numerous products in most business segments, and placement is done on an automatic basis for defined insurance portfolios and on a facultative
basis for individual risks with certain characteristics.

Our reinsurance coverage is well diversified and controls are in place to manage exposure to reinsurance counterparties. Reinsurance exposures are
monitored to ensure that no single reinsurer represents an undue level of credit risk. This includes performing periodic due diligence on our
reinsurance counterparties as well as internal credit assessments on counterparties with which we have material exposure. While reinsurance
arrangements provide for the recovery of claims arising from the liabilities ceded, we retain primary responsibility to the policyholders.

Specific insurance risks and our risk management strategies are discussed below in further detail. The sensitivities provided below reflect the
impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

7.A.i Policyholder Behaviour Risk
Risk Description
We can incur losses due to adverse policyholder behaviour relative to the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products with regard to
lapse of policies or exercise of other embedded policy options.

Uncertainty in policyholder behaviour can arise from several sources including unexpected events in the policyholder's life circumstances, the
general level of economic activity (whether higher or lower than expected), changes in the financial and capital markets, changes in pricing and
availability of current products, the introduction of new products, changes in underwriting technology and standards, as well as changes in our
financial strength or reputation. Uncertainty in future cash flows affected by policyholder behaviour can be further exacerbated by irrational
behaviour during times of economic turbulence or at key option exercise points in the life of an insurance contract.

For individual life insurance products where fewer terminations would be financially adverse to us, shareholders' net income and equity would be
decreased by about $295 ($265 in 2019) if the termination rate assumption were reduced by 10%. For products where more terminations would be
financially adverse to us, shareholders' net income and equity would be decreased by about $200 ($195 in 2019) if the termination rate assumption
were increased by 10%. These sensitivities reflect the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

Policyholder Behaviour Risk Management Governance and Control
Various types of provisions are built into many of our products to reduce the impact of uncertain policyholder behaviour. These provisions include:
•    Surrender charges that adjust the payout to the policyholder by taking into account prevailing market conditions.
•    Limits on the amount that policyholders can surrender or borrow.
•    Restrictions on the timing of policyholders' ability to exercise certain options.
•    Restrictions on both the types of funds Clients can select and the frequency with which they can change funds.
•    Policyholder behaviour risk is also mitigated through reinsurance on some insurance contracts.

Internal experience studies are used to monitor, review and update policyholder behaviour assumptions as needed, which could result in updates
to policy liabilities.

7.A.ii Mortality and Morbidity Risk
Risk Description
Mortality and morbidity risk is the risk that future experience could be worse than the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products.
Mortality and morbidity risk can arise in the normal course of business through random fluctuation in realized experience, through catastrophes, as
a result of a pandemic, or in association with other risk factors such as product development and pricing or model risk. Adverse mortality and
morbidity experience could also occur through systemic anti-selection, which could arise due to poor plan design, or underwriting process failure or
the development of investor-owned and secondary markets for life insurance policies.

External factors could adversely affect our life insurance, health insurance, critical illness, disability, long-term care insurance and annuity
businesses. Morbidity experience could be unfavourably impacted by external events, such as pandemics, increases in disability claims during
economic slowdowns and increases in high medical treatment costs and growth in utilization of specialty drugs. This introduces the potential for
adverse financial volatility in our financial results.



                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020   147
For life insurance products, a 2% increase in the best estimate assumption would decrease shareholders' net income and equity by about $25 ($35
in 2019). This sensitivity reflects the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

For products where morbidity is a significant assumption, a 5% adverse change in the assumptions would reduce shareholders' net income and
equity by about $250 ($205 in 2019). This sensitivity reflects the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

Mortality and Morbidity Risk Management Governance and Control
Detailed uniform underwriting procedures have been established to determine the insurability of applicants and to manage exposure to large
claims. These underwriting requirements are regularly scrutinized against industry guidelines and oversight is provided through a corporate
underwriting and claim management function.

We do not have a high degree of concentration risk to single individuals or groups due to our well-diversified geographic and business mix. The
largest portion of mortality risk within the Company is in North America. Individual and group insurance policies are underwritten prior to initial
issue and renewals, based on risk selection, plan design, and rating techniques.

The Insurance Risk Policy approved by the Risk Committee includes limits on the maximum amount of insurance that may be issued under one policy
and the maximum amount that may be retained. These limits vary by geographic region and amounts in excess of limits are reinsured to ensure
there is no exposure to unreasonable concentration of risk.

7.A.iii Longevity Risk
Risk Description
Longevity risk is the potential for economic loss, accounting loss or volatility in earnings arising from adverse changes in rates of mortality
improvement relative to the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products. This risk can manifest itself slowly over time as
socioeconomic conditions improve and medical advances continue. It could also manifest itself more quickly, for example, due to medical
breakthroughs that significantly extend life expectancy. Longevity risk affects contracts where benefits or costs are based upon the likelihood of
survival and higher than expected improvements in policyholder life expectancy could therefore increase the ultimate cost of these benefits (for
example, annuities, pensions, pure endowments, reinsurance, segregated funds, and specific types of health contracts). Additionally, our longevity
risk exposure is increased for certain annuity products such as guaranteed annuity options by an increase in equity market levels.

For annuities products for which lower mortality would be financially adverse to us, a 2% decrease in the mortality assumption would decrease
shareholders' net income and equity by about $150 ($135 in 2019). These sensitivities reflect the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance
arrangements.

Longevity Risk Management Governance and Control
To improve management of longevity risk, we monitor research in the fields that could result in a change in expected mortality improvement.
Stress-testing techniques are used to measure and monitor the impact of extreme mortality improvement on the aggregate portfolio of insurance
and annuity products as well as our own pension plans.

7.A.iv Product Design and Pricing Risk
Risk Description
Product design and pricing risk is the risk a product does not perform as expected, causing adverse financial consequences. This risk may arise from
deviations in realized experience versus assumptions used in the pricing of products. Risk factors include uncertainty concerning future investment
yields, policyholder behaviour, mortality and morbidity experience, sales levels, mix of business, expenses and taxes. Although some of our products
permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits during the life of the policy or contract, the terms of these policies or contracts
may not allow for sufficient adjustments to maintain expected profitability. This could have an adverse effect on our profitability and capital
position.

Product Design and Pricing Governance and Control
Our Product Design and Pricing Policy, approved by the Risk Committee, establishes the framework governing our product design and pricing
practices and is designed to align our product offerings with our strategic objectives and risk-taking philosophy. Consistent with this policy, product
development, design and pricing processes have been implemented throughout the Company. New products follow a stage-gate process with
defined management approvals based on the significance of the initiative. Each initiative is subject to a risk assessment process to identify key risks
and risk mitigation requirements, and is reviewed by multiple stakeholders. Additional governance and control procedures are listed below:
•    Pricing models, methods, and assumptions are subject to periodic internal peer reviews.
•    Experience studies, sources of earnings analysis, and product dashboards are used to monitor actual experience against those assumed in
     pricing and valuation.
•    On experience rated, participating, and adjustable products, emerging experience is reflected through changes in policyholder dividend scales
     as well as other policy adjustment mechanisms such as premium and benefit levels.
•    Limits and restrictions may be introduced into the design of products to mitigate adverse policyholder behaviour or apply upper thresholds on
     certain benefits.

7.A.v Expense Risk
Risk Description
Expense risk is the risk that future expenses are higher than the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products. This risk can arise from
general economic conditions, unexpected increases in inflation, slower than anticipated growth, or reduction in productivity leading to increases in
unit expenses. Expense risk occurs in products where we cannot or will not pass increased costs onto the Client and will manifest itself in the form of
a liability increase or a reduction in expected future profits.


148   Sun Life Financial Inc.   Annual Report 2020          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The sensitivity of liabilities for insurance contracts to a 5% increase in unit expenses would result in a decrease in shareholders' net income and
equity of about $175 ($170 in 2019). These sensitivities reflect the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

Expenses Risk Management Governance and Control
We closely monitor expenses through an annual budgeting process and ongoing monitoring of any expense gaps between unit expenses assumed in
pricing and actual expenses.

7.A.vi Reinsurance Risk
Risk Description
We purchase reinsurance for certain risks underwritten by our various insurance businesses. Reinsurance risk is the risk of financial loss due to
adverse developments in reinsurance markets (for example, discontinuance or diminution of reinsurance capacity, or an increase in the cost of
reinsurance), insolvency of a reinsurer or inadequate reinsurance coverage.

Changes in reinsurance market conditions, including actions taken by reinsurers to increase rates on existing and new coverage and our ability
to obtain appropriate reinsurance, may adversely impact the availability or cost of maintaining existing or securing new reinsurance capacity,
with adverse impacts on our business strategies, profitability and financial position. There is an increased possibility of rate increases or
renegotiation of legacy reinsurance contracts by our reinsurers, as the global reinsurance industry continues to review and optimize their
business models. In addition, changes to the regulatory treatment of reinsurance arrangements could have an adverse impact on our capital
position.

Reinsurance Risk Management Governance and Control
We have an Insurance Risk Policy and an Investment & Credit Risk Policy approved by the Risk Committee, which set acceptance criteria and
processes to monitor the level of reinsurance ceded to any single reinsurer. These policies also set minimum criteria for determining which
reinsurance companies qualify as suitable reinsurance counterparties having the capability, expertise, governance practices and financial capacity to
assume the risks being considered. Additionally, these policies require that all agreements include provisions to allow action to be taken, such as
recapture of ceded risk (at a potential cost to the Company), in the event that the reinsurer loses its legal ability to carry on business through
insolvency or regulatory action. Periodic due diligence is performed on the reinsurance counterparties with which we do business and internal credit
assessments are performed on reinsurance counterparties with which we have material exposure. Reinsurance counterparty credit exposures are
monitored closely and reported annually to the Risk Committee.

New sales of our products can be discontinued or changed to reflect developments in the reinsurance markets. Rates for our in-force
reinsurance treaties can be either guaranteed or adjustable for the life of the ceded policy. In order to diversify reinsurance risk, there is
generally more than one reinsurer supporting a reinsurance pool.



 8. Other Assets
Other assets consist of the following:

 As at December 31,                                                                                                                         2020               2019

 Accounts receivable                                                                                                              $         1,191        $    1,294
 Investment income due and accrued                                                                                                          1,127             1,122
 Property and equipment                                                                                                                       664               630
 Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                          730               770
 Deferred acquisition costs(1)                                                                                                                150               139
 Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                             325               319
 Premium receivable                                                                                                                           621               662
 Accrued post-retirement benefit assets (Note 25)                                                                                             197               187
 Other                                                                                                                                        147                93
 Total other assets                                                                                                               $         5,152        $    5,216
(1)
      Amortization of deferred acquisition cost charged to income during the year amounted to $21 in 2020 ($18 in 2019).




                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             Sun Life Financial Inc.     Annual Report 2020   149
 9. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
9.A Goodwill
Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill acquired through business combinations by reportable business segment are as follows:

                                                                                                                      Asset
                                                           Canada                  U.S.                  Asia   Management       Corporate               Total

 Balance, January 1, 2019                              $     2,607         $     1,138         $         705      $    775      $       187        $    5,412
 Acquisitions                                                   —                   —                     —            537               —                537
 Foreign exchange rate movements                                —                  (55)                  (29)          (31)              (2)             (117)
 Balance, December 31, 2019                            $     2,607         $     1,083         $         676      $   1,281     $       185        $    5,832
 Acquisitions (Note 3)                                          —                   —                     —             278              —                278
 Foreign exchange rate movements                                —                  (21)                  (11)            (8)              2               (38)
 Balance, December 31, 2020                            $     2,607         $     1,062         $         665      $   1,551     $       187        $    6,072

Goodwill was not impaired in 2020 or 2019. The carrying amounts of goodwill allocated to our CGUs or groups of CGUs are as follows:

 As at December 31,                                                                                                                    2020              2019
           (1)
 Canada                                                                                                                         $     2,607        $    2,607
 U.S. Employee benefits group                                                                                                         1,062             1,083
 Asia                                                                                                                                   665               676
 Asset Management
    MFS                                                                                                                                 486                  494
    SLC Management - excluding InfraRed                                                                                                 777                  787
        InfraRed                                                                                                                        288                   —
 Corporate
    UK                                                                                                                                  187                  185
 Total                                                                                                                          $     6,072        $    5,832
(1)
      Reflects a change in presentation to combine CGUs in Canada as one group effective January 1, 2020. We have updated the prior period to reflect this
      change in presentation.

Goodwill acquired in business combinations is allocated to the CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the
particular acquisition.

Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances occur that may result in the recoverable amount of a
CGU falling below its carrying value. The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. We use fair value less
costs of disposal as the recoverable amount.

We use the best evidence of fair value less costs of disposal as the price obtainable for the sale of a CGU, or group of CGUs. Fair value less costs of
disposal is initially assessed by looking at recently completed market comparable transactions. In the absence of such comparables, we use either an
appraisal methodology (with market assumptions commonly used in the valuation of insurance companies or asset management companies) or a
valuation multiples methodology. The fair value measurements are categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

The most recent calculations from 2018 for certain CGUs and groups of CGUs were carried forward and used in the impairment test in the current
period as: (i) the recoverable amount for these CGUs and groups of CGUs exceeded the carrying amount by a substantial margin, (ii) the assets and
liabilities making up the CGUs and groups of CGUs had not changed significantly, and (iii) the likelihood that the carrying value would exceed the
recoverable amount was remote, based on an analysis of events that have occurred and circumstances that have changed. The key drivers impacting
the recoverable amount from 2018 are consistent with the key assumptions below.

Under the appraisal methodology, fair value is assessed based on best estimates of future income, expenses, level and cost of capital over the
lifetime of the policies and, where appropriate, adjusted for items such as transaction costs. The value ascribed to new business is based on sales
anticipated in our business plans, sales projections for the valuation period based on reasonable growth assumptions, and anticipated levels of
profitability of that new business. In calculating the value of new business, future sales are projected for 10 to 15 years. In some instances, market
multiples are used to approximate the explicit projection of new business.

The discount rates applied reflect the nature of the environment for that CGU. The discount rates used range from 9.25% to 12.50% (after tax).
More established CGUs with a stronger brand and competitive market position use discount rates at the low end of the range and CGUs with a
weaker competitive position use discount rates at the high end of the range. The capital levels used are aligned with our business objectives.

Under the valuation multiples methodology, fair value is assessed with reference to multiples or ratios of comparable businesses. For life insurers
and asset managers, these valuation multiples and ratios may include price-to-earnings or price-to-assets-under-management measures. This
assessment takes into consideration a variety of relevant factors and assumptions, including expected growth, risk, and market conditions among
others. The price-to-earnings multiples used range from 10.5 to 11.5. The price-to-assets-under-management ratios used range from 0.8% to 2.0%.


150 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Judgment is used in estimating the recoverable amounts of CGUs and the use of different assumptions and estimates could result in material
adjustments to the valuation of CGUs and the size of any impairment. Any material change in the key assumptions including those for capital,
discount rates, the value of new business, and expenses, as well as cash flow projections used in the determination of recoverable amounts, may
result in impairment charges, which could be material.

In considering the sensitivity of the key assumptions above, management determined that there is no reasonably possible change in any of the
above that would result in the recoverable amount of any of the CGUs to be less than its carrying amount.

9.B Intangible Assets
Changes in intangible assets are as follows:
                                                                                                Finite life
                                                                                         Internally
                                                                                        generated                                 Indefinite
                                                                                          software                Other                  life                 Total

 Gross carrying amount
 Balance, January 1, 2019                                                               $       722           $   1,266          $       673           $     2,661
    Additions                                                                                   151                 115                   —                    266
    Acquisitions                                                                                 —                  238                   —                    238
    Foreign exchange rate movements                                                             (16)                (28)                 (27)                  (71)
 Balance, December 31, 2019                                                             $       857           $   1,591          $       646           $     3,094
       Additions                                                                                230                  —                    —                    230
       Acquisitions                                                                              —                   63                  295                   358
       Disposals                                                                                 (4)                 (5)                  —                     (9)
       Foreign exchange rate movements                                                          (13)                (15)                  (3)                  (31)
 Balance, December 31, 2020                                                             $     1,070           $   1,634          $       938           $     3,642

 Accumulated amortization and impairment losses
 Balance, January 1, 2019                                                               $      (417)          $    (461)         $        (4)          $      (882)
    Amortization charge for the year                                                            (73)                (64)                  —                   (137)
    Impairment of intangible assets                                                             (13)                 —                    (2)                  (15)
    Foreign exchange rate movements                                                              15                   8                   —                     23
 Balance, December 31, 2019                                                             $      (488)          $    (517)         $         (6)         $    (1,011)
       Amortization charge for the year                                                         (78)                (78)                  —                   (156)
       Impairment of intangible assets                                                           (2)                 —                    (9)                  (11)
       Foreign exchange rate movements                                                            7                   5                    1                    13
 Balance, December 31, 2020                                                             $      (561)          $    (590)         $       (14)          $    (1,165)
 Net carrying amount, end of period:
 As at December 31, 2019                                                                $       369           $   1,074          $       640           $     2,083
 As at December 31, 2020                                                                $       509           $   1,044          $       924           $     2,477

The components of the intangible assets are as follows:

 As at December 31,                                                                                                                     2020                  2019

 Finite life intangible assets:
    Distribution, sales potential of field force                                                                                 $       316           $       339
    Client relationships and asset administration contracts                                                                              728                   735
    Internally generated software                                                                                                        509                   369
       Total finite life intangible assets                                                                                             1,553                 1,443
 Indefinite life intangible assets:
    Fund management contracts(1)                                                                                                         924                   640
       Total indefinite life intangible assets                                                                                           924                   640
 Total intangible assets                                                                                                         $     2,477           $     2,083
(1)
      Fund management contracts are attributable to Asset Management, where its competitive position in, and the stability of, its markets support their
      classification as indefinite life intangible assets.




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 151
10. Insurance Contract Liabilities and Investment Contract Liabilities
10.A Insurance Contract Liabilities
10.A.i Description of Business
The majority of the products sold by the Company are insurance contracts. These contracts include all forms of life, health and critical illness
insurance sold to individuals and groups, life contingent annuities, accumulation annuities, and segregated fund products with guarantees.

10.A.ii Methods and Assumptions
General
The liabilities for insurance contracts represent the estimated amounts which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment
income, will provide for outstanding claims, estimated future benefits, policyholders' dividends, taxes (other than income taxes), and expenses on
in-force insurance contracts.

In determining our liabilities for insurance contracts, assumptions must be made about mortality and morbidity rates, lapse and other policyholder
behaviour ("policyholder behaviour"), interest rates, equity market performance, asset default, inflation, expenses, and other factors over the life of
our products. Most of these assumptions relate to events that are anticipated to occur many years in the future. Assumptions require significant
judgment and regular review and, where appropriate, revision.

We use best estimate assumptions for expected future experience and apply margins for adverse deviations to provide for uncertainty in the choice
of the best estimate assumptions. The amount of insurance contract liabilities related to the application of margins for adverse deviations to best
estimate assumptions is called a provision for adverse deviations.

Best Estimate Assumptions
Best estimate assumptions are intended to be current, neutral estimates of the expected outcome as guided by Canadian actuarial standards of
practice. The choice of best estimate assumptions takes into account current circumstances, past experience data (Company and/or industry), the
relationship of past to expected future experience, anti-selection, the relationship among assumptions, and other relevant factors. For assumptions
on economic matters, the assets supporting the liabilities and the expected policy for asset-liability management are relevant factors.

Margins for Adverse Deviations
The appropriate level of margin for adverse deviations on an assumption is guided by Canadian actuarial standards of practice. For most
assumptions, the standard range of margins for adverse deviations is 5% to 20% of the best estimate assumption, and the actuary chooses from
within that range based on a number of considerations related to the uncertainty in the determination of the best estimate assumption. The level of
uncertainty, and hence the margin chosen, will vary by assumption and by line of business and other factors. Considerations that would tend to
indicate a choice of margin at the high end of the range include:
•    The statistical credibility of the Company's experience is too low to be the primary source of data for choosing the best estimate assumption
•    Future experience is difficult to estimate
•    The cohort of risks lacks homogeneity
•    Operational risks adversely impact the ability to estimate the best estimate assumption
•    Past experience may not be representative of future experience and the experience may deteriorate

Provisions for adverse deviations in future interest rates are included by testing a number of scenarios of future interest rates, some of which are
prescribed by Canadian actuarial standards of practice, and determining the liability based on the range of possible outcomes. A scenario of future
interest rates includes, for each forecast period between the statement of financial position date and the last liability cash flow, interest rates for
risk-free assets, premiums for asset default, rates of inflation, and an investment strategy consistent with the Company's investment policy. The
starting point for all future interest rate scenarios is consistent with the current market environment. If few scenarios are tested, the liability would
be at least as great as the largest of the outcomes. If many scenarios are tested, the liability would be within a range defined by the average of the
outcomes that are above the 60th percentile of the range of outcomes and the corresponding average for the 80th percentile.

Provisions for adverse deviations in future equity returns are included by scenario testing or by applying margins for adverse deviations. In blocks of
business where the valuation of liabilities uses scenario testing of future equity returns, the liability would be within a range defined by the average
of the outcomes that are above the 60th percentile of the range of outcomes and the corresponding average for the 80th percentile. In blocks of
business where the valuation of liabilities does not use scenario testing of future equity returns, the margin for adverse deviations on common share
dividends is between 5% and 20%, and the margin for adverse deviations on capital gains would be 20% plus an assumption that those assets reduce
in value by 20% to 50% at the time when the reduction is most adverse. A 30% reduction is appropriate for a diversified portfolio of North American
common shares and, for other portfolios, the appropriate reduction depends on the volatility of the portfolio relative to a diversified portfolio of
North American common shares.

In choosing margins, we ensure that, when taken one at a time, each margin is reasonable with respect to the underlying best estimate assumption
and the extent of uncertainty present in making that assumption, and also that, in aggregate, the cumulative impact of the margins for adverse
deviations is reasonable with respect to the total amount of our insurance contract liabilities. Our margins are generally stable over time and are
generally only revised to reflect changes in the level of uncertainty in the best estimate assumptions. Our margins tend to be at the high end of the
range for expenses and in the mid-range or higher for other assumptions. When considering the aggregate impact of margins, the actuary assesses
the consistency of margins for each assumption across each block of business to ensure there is no double counting or omission and to avoid
choosing margins that might be mutually exclusive. In particular, the actuary chooses similar margins for blocks of business with similar
characteristics, and also chooses margins that are consistent with other assumptions, including assumptions about economic factors. The actuary is
guided by Canadian actuarial standards of practice in making these professional judgments about the reasonableness of margins for adverse
deviations.

152 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The best estimate assumptions and margins for adverse deviations are reviewed at least annually and revisions are made when appropriate. The
choice of assumptions underlying the valuation of insurance contract liabilities is subject to external actuarial peer review.

Mortality
Mortality refers to the rates at which death occurs for defined groups of people. Life insurance mortality assumptions are generally based on the
past five to ten years of experience. Our experience is combined with industry experience where our own experience is insufficient to be statistically
valid. Assumed mortality rates for life insurance and annuity contracts include assumptions about future mortality improvement based on recent
trends in population mortality and our outlook for future trends.

Morbidity
Morbidity refers to both the rates of accident or sickness and the rates of recovery therefrom. Most of our disability insurance is marketed on a
group basis. We offer critical illness policies on an individual basis in Canada and Asia, long-term care on an individual basis in Canada, and medical
stop-loss insurance is offered on a group basis in the U.S. In Canada, group morbidity assumptions are based on our five-year average experience,
modified to reflect any emerging trend in recovery rates. For long-term care and critical illness insurance, assumptions are developed in
collaboration with our reinsurers and are largely based on their experience. In the U.S., our experience is used for both medical stop-loss and
disability assumptions, with some consideration of industry experience.

Policyholder Behaviour
Lapse
Policyholders may allow their policies to lapse prior to the end of the contractual coverage period by choosing not to continue to pay premiums or
by surrendering their policy for the cash surrender value. Assumptions for lapse experience on life insurance are generally based on our five-year
average experience. Lapse rates vary by plan, age at issue, method of premium payment, and policy duration.

Premium Payment Patterns
For universal life contracts, it is necessary to set assumptions about premium payment patterns. Studies prepared by industry or the actuarial
profession are used for products where our experience is insufficient to be statistically valid. Premium payment patterns usually vary by plan, age at
issue, method of premium payment, and policy duration.

Expense
Future policy-related expenses include the costs of premium collection, claims adjudication and processing, actuarial calculations, preparation and
mailing of policy statements, and related indirect expenses and overhead. Expense assumptions are mainly based on our recent experience using an
internal expense allocation methodology. Inflationary increases assumed in future expenses are consistent with the future interest rates used in
scenario testing.

Investment Returns
Interest Rates
We generally maintain distinct asset portfolios for each major line of business. In the valuation of insurance contract liabilities, the future cash flows
from insurance contracts and the assets that support them are projected under a number of interest rate scenarios, some of which are prescribed
by Canadian actuarial standards of practice. Reinvestments and disinvestments take place according to the specifications of each scenario, and the
liability is set based on the range of possible outcomes.

Non-Fixed Income Rates of Return
We are exposed to equity markets through our segregated fund products (including variable annuities) that provide guarantees linked to underlying
fund performance and through insurance products where the insurance contract liabilities are supported by non-fixed income assets.

For segregated fund products (including variable annuities), we have implemented hedging programs involving the use of derivative instruments to
mitigate a large portion of the equity market risk associated with the guarantees. The cost of these hedging programs is reflected in the liabilities.
The equity market risk associated with anticipated future fee income is not hedged.

The majority of non-fixed income assets that are designated as FVTPL support our participating and universal life products where investment returns
are passed through to policyholders through routine changes in the amount of dividends declared or in the rate of interest credited. In these cases,
changes in non-fixed income asset values are largely offset by changes in insurance contract liabilities.

Asset Default
As required by Canadian actuarial standards of practice, insurance contract liabilities include a provision for possible future default of the assets
supporting those liabilities. The amount of the provision for asset default included in the insurance contract liabilities is based on possible reductions
in future investment yield that vary by factors such as type of asset, asset credit quality (rating), duration, and country of origin. The asset default
assumptions are comprised of a best estimate plus a margin for adverse deviations, and are intended to provide for loss of both principal and
income. Best estimate asset default assumptions by asset category and geography are derived from long-term studies of industry experience and
the Company's experience. Margins for adverse deviation are chosen from the standard range (of 25% to 100%) as recommended by Canadian
actuarial standards of practice based on the amount of uncertainty in the choice of best estimate assumption. The credit quality of an asset is based
on external ratings if available (public bonds) and internal ratings if not (mortgages and loans). Any assets without ratings are treated as if they are
rated below investment grade.

In contrast to asset impairment provisions and changes in FVTPL assets arising from impairments, both of which arise from known credit events, the
asset default provision in the insurance contract liabilities covers losses related to possible future (unknown) credit events. Canadian actuarial
standards of practice require the asset default provision to be determined taking into account known impairments that are recognized elsewhere on
the statement of financial position. The asset default provision included in the insurance contract liabilities is reassessed each reporting period in
light of impairments, changes in asset quality ratings, and other events that occurred during the period.

                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements           Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 153
10.A.iii Insurance Contract Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities consist of the following:

 As at December 31, 2020                                                    Canada                      U.S.          Asia      Corporate(1)               Total

 Individual participating life                                          $    25,839          $     5,374       $    11,981       $       952         $    44,146
 Individual non-participating life and health                                15,533               15,010            12,183               373              43,099
 Group life and health                                                       11,167                5,578                40                23              16,808
 Individual annuities                                                        10,497                   22                 5             5,382              15,906
 Group annuities                                                             17,670                    7                97                —               17,774
 Insurance contract liabilities before other policy liabilities              80,706               25,991            24,306             6,730             137,733
 Add: Other policy liabilities(2)                                             3,521                1,807             2,499               213               8,040
 Total insurance contract liabilities                                   $    84,227          $    27,798       $    26,805       $     6,943         $ 145,773
(1)
    Primarily business from the UK and run-off reinsurance operations. Includes UK business of $851 for Individual participating life, $237 for Individual non-
    participating life and health, $5,162 for Individual annuities, and $163 for Other policy liabilities.
(2)
    Consists of amounts on deposit, policy benefits payable, provisions for unreported claims, provisions for policyholder dividends, and provisions for
    experience rating refunds.

 As at December 31, 2019                                                    Canada                      U.S.          Asia      Corporate(1)               Total

 Individual participating life                                          $    23,526          $     5,611       $     8,497       $       987         $    38,621
 Individual non-participating life and health                                13,527               13,832            12,188               386              39,933
 Group life and health                                                       10,493                5,541                39                14              16,087
 Individual annuities                                                         9,529                   24               (17)            5,335              14,871
 Group annuities                                                             14,276                    7                99                —               14,382
 Insurance contract liabilities before other policy liabilities              71,351               25,015            20,806             6,722             123,894
 Add: Other policy liabilities(2)                                             2,959                1,724             2,401               206               7,290
 Total insurance contract liabilities                                   $    74,310          $    26,739       $    23,207       $     6,928         $ 131,184
(1)
    Primarily business from the UK and run-off reinsurance operations. Includes UK business of $893 for Individual participating life, $238 for Individual non-
    participating life and health, $5,107 for Individual annuities, and $156 for Other policy liabilities.
(2)
    Consists of amounts on deposit, policy benefits payable, provisions for unreported claims, provisions for policyholder dividends, and provisions for
    experience rating refunds.

10.A.iv Changes in Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets
Changes in Insurance contract liabilities and Reinsurance assets are as follows:

 For the years ended December 31,                                           2020                                                     2019
                                                     Insurance                                                 Insurance
                                                       contract       Reinsurance                                contract       Reinsurance
                                                      liabilities           assets                      Net     liabilities           assets                 Net

 Balances, before Other policy liabilities and
    assets as at January 1,                         $ 123,894           $     3,395          $ 120,499         $ 114,902         $     3,653         $ 111,249
 Change in balances on in-force policies(1)             9,919                  (107)            10,026             8,559                 268             8,291
 Balances arising from new policies(1)                  5,004                    82              4,922             3,171                 136             3,035
 Method and assumption changes                            (63)                 (179)               116              (363)               (376)               13
 Increase (decrease) in Insurance contract
    liabilities and Reinsurance assets                  14,860                 (204)              15,064            11,367                  28            11,339
         (2)
 Other                                                       —                    —                   —               (123)             (123)                 —
 Foreign exchange rate movements                         (1,021)                 (65)               (956)           (2,252)             (163)             (2,089)
 Balances before Other policy liabilities and
   assets                                             137,733                 3,126              134,607           123,894             3,395             120,499
 Other policy liabilities and assets                    8,040                   717                7,323             7,290               629               6,661
 Total Insurance contract liabilities and
   Reinsurance assets, December 31                  $ 145,773           $     3,843          $ 141,930         $ 131,184         $     4,024         $ 127,160
(1)
      Comparative figures in 2019 have been amended to conform to the current year’s methodology.
(2)
      Termination of reinsurance contracts.




154 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
10.A.v Impact of Method and Assumption Changes
Impacts of method and assumption changes on Insurance contract liabilities, net of Reinsurance assets, are as follows:

                                                        Net increase (decrease)
    For the year ended December 31, 2020                before income taxes                  Description
    Mortality / Morbidity                                         $       113                Updates to reflect mortality/morbidity experience in all
                                                                                             jurisdictions. The largest items were unfavourable mortality
                                                                                             impacts in individual life and health in Canada and In-force
                                                                                             Management in the U.S., partially offset by favourable
                                                                                             group disability government pension plan offsets in Canada.
    Policyholder behaviour                                                207                Updates to policyholder behaviour in all jurisdictions. The
                                                                                             largest item was in In-force Management in the U.S.

    Expenses                                                               (28)              Updates to reflect expense experience in all jurisdictions.
    Investment returns                                                     (10)              Updates to various investment-related assumptions across
                                                                                             the Company.
    Model enhancements and other                                         (166)               Various enhancements and methodology changes across all
                                                                                             jurisdictions.
    Total impact of method and assumption changes                 $       116

                                                        Net increase (decrease)
    For the year ended December 31, 2019                before income taxes                  Description
    Mortality / Morbidity                                         $      (347)               Updates to reflect mortality/morbidity experience in all
                                                                                             jurisdictions. The largest items were favourable mortality
                                                                                             impacts in the UK in Corporate and in Group Retirement
                                                                                             Services in Canada.
    Policyholder behaviour                                                102                Updates to policyholder behaviour in all jurisdictions. The
                                                                                             largest item was an unfavourable lapse update in
                                                                                             International in Asia.
    Expenses                                                                 6               Updates to reflect expense experience in all jurisdictions.
    Investment returns                                                       6               Updates to various investment-related assumptions across
                                                                                             the Company, partially offset by updates to promulgated
                                                                                             ultimate reinvestment rates.
    Model enhancements and other                                          246                Various enhancements and methodology changes across all
                                                                                             jurisdictions. The largest item was an unfavourable
                                                                                             strengthening of reinsurance provisions in In-force
                                                                                             Management in the U.S., partially offset by a favourable
                                                                                             change to participating accounts in the UK in Corporate and
                                                                                             the Philippines in Asia.
    Total impact of method and assumption changes                 $        13
n




10.B Investment Contract Liabilities
10.B.i Description of Business
The following are the types of investment contracts in-force:
•    Term certain payout annuities in Canada
•    Guaranteed Investment Contracts in Canada
•    Unit-linked products issued in the UK and Hong Kong
•    Non-unit-linked pensions contracts issued in the UK and Hong Kong

10.B.ii Method and Assumption Changes
Investment Contracts with Discretionary Participation Features
Investment contracts with DPF are measured using the same approach as insurance contracts.

Investment Contracts without Discretionary Participation Features
Investment contracts without DPF are measured at FVTPL if by doing so, a potential accounting mismatch is eliminated or significantly reduced or if
the contract is managed on a fair value basis. Other investment contracts without DPF are measured at amortized cost.

The fair value liability is measured through the use of prospective discounted cash-flow techniques. For unit-linked contracts, the fair value liability is
equal to the current unit fund value, plus additional non-unit liability amounts on a fair value basis if required. For non-unit-linked contracts, the fair
value liability is equal to the present value of cash flows.




                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 155
Amortized cost is measured at the date of initial recognition as the fair value of consideration received, less the net effect of principal payments
such as transaction costs and front-end fees. At each reporting date, the amortized cost liability is measured as the present value of future cash
flows discounted at the effective interest rate where the effective interest rate is the rate that equates the discounted cash flows to the liability at
the date of initial recognition.

10.B.iii Investment Contract Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities consist of the following:

As at December 31, 2020                                                                  Canada                  Asia     Corporate                 Total

Individual participating life                                                        $        —            $      —       $        5           $       5
Individual non-participating life and health                                                  —                  269               2                 271
Individual annuities                                                                       2,690                  —               35               2,725
Group annuities                                                                               —                  188              —                  188
Total investment contract liabilities                                                $     2,690           $     457      $       42           $   3,189

For the year ended December 31, 2020, Investment contract liabilities of $3,189 are comprised of investment contracts with DPF of $497,
investment contracts without DPF measured at amortized cost of $2,690, and for investment contracts without DPF measured at fair value of $2.

As at December 31, 2019                                                                  Canada                  Asia      Corporate                Total

Individual participating life                                                        $        —            $      —       $        5           $       5
Individual non-participating life and health                                                  —                  258               2                 260
Individual annuities                                                                       2,612                  —               39               2,651
Group annuities                                                                               —                  200              —                  200
Total investment contract liabilities                                                $     2,612           $     458      $       46           $   3,116

For the year ended December 31, 2019, Investment contract liabilities of $3,116 are comprised of investment contracts with DPF of $502,
investment contracts without DPF measured at amortized cost of $2,612, and investment contracts without DPF measured at fair value of $2.

10.B.iv Changes in Investment Contract Liabilities
Changes in investment contract liabilities without DPF are as follows:

For the years ended December 31,                                                                     2020                                2019
                                                                                  Measured at            Measured at    Measured at          Measured at
                                                                                    fair value         amortized cost     fair value       amortized cost

Balance as at January 1                                                              $        2            $   2,612      $         3          $   2,646
Deposits                                                                                      —                  467               —                 360
Interest                                                                                      —                   59               —                  57
Withdrawals                                                                                   —                 (457)              —                (464)
Fees                                                                                          —                   (7)              —                  (6)
Other                                                                                         —                   16               —                  20
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                               —                   —                (1)                (1)
Balance as at December 31                                                            $          2          $   2,690      $         2          $   2,612

Changes in investment contract liabilities with DPF are as follows:

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                2020                2019

Balance as at January 1                                                                                                   $      502           $     515
Change in liabilities on in-force                                                                                                  2                   2
Changes in assumptions or methodology                                                                                             —                    6
Increase (decrease) in liabilities                                                                                                 2                   8
Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                                   (7)                (21)
Balance as at December 31                                                                                                 $      497           $     502




156 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
10.C Gross Claims and Benefits Paid
Gross claims and benefits paid consist of the following:

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                    2020                2019

Maturities and surrenders                                                                                                    $     2,993         $     2,956
Annuity payments                                                                                                                   1,979               1,909
Death and disability benefits                                                                                                      4,594               4,246
Health benefits                                                                                                                    6,913               7,222
Policyholder dividends and interest on claims and deposits                                                                         1,828               1,088
Total gross claims and benefits paid                                                                                         $   18,307          $   17,421


10.D Total Assets Supporting Liabilities and Equity
The following tables show the total assets supporting liabilities for the product lines shown (including insurance contract and investment contract
liabilities) and assets supporting equity and other:
                                                               Debt             Equity        Mortgages    Investment
As at December 31, 2020                                    securities        securities        and loans    properties             Other                Total

Individual participating life                          $     25,574        $      4,601       $    8,992   $    4,950        $    5,331          $   49,448
Individual non-participating life and health                 24,810               1,611           14,208        2,052            10,132              52,813
Group life and health                                         7,789                  61            9,354           36             3,112              20,352
Individual annuities                                         11,979                  47            6,219           —              1,185              19,430
Group annuities                                               9,598                  48            8,142           —                909              18,697
Equity and other                                              9,339                 263            3,031          478            23,239              36,350
Total assets                                           $     89,089        $      6,631       $   49,946   $    7,516        $   43,908          $ 197,090

                                                               Debt               Equity      Mortgages    Investment
As at December 31, 2019                                    securities          securities      and loans    properties             Other                Total

Individual participating life                          $     22,533        $      2,899       $    8,372   $    4,941        $    4,754          $   43,499
Individual non-participating life and health                 21,301               1,418           14,145        1,790             9,353              48,007
Group life and health                                         6,858                  72            9,301           —              2,897              19,128
Individual annuities                                         11,711                  48            6,065           —                793              18,617
Group annuities                                               7,323                  37            7,261           —                697              15,318
Equity and other                                             11,880                 313            3,078          575            19,814              35,660
Total assets                                           $     81,606        $      4,787       $   48,222   $    7,306        $   38,308          $ 180,229


10.E Role of the Appointed Actuary
The Appointed Actuary is appointed by the Board and is responsible for ensuring that the assumptions and methods used in the valuation of policy
liabilities and reinsurance recoverables are in accordance with accepted actuarial practice in Canada, applicable legislation, and associated
regulations or directives.

The Appointed Actuary is required to provide an opinion regarding the appropriateness of the policy liabilities, net of reinsurance recoverables, at
the statement dates to meet all policy obligations of the Company. Examination of supporting data for accuracy and completeness and analysis of
our assets for their ability to support the amount of policy liabilities, net of reinsurance recoverables, are important elements of the work required
to form this opinion.

The Appointed Actuary is required each year to investigate the financial condition of the Company and prepare a report for the Board. The 2020
analysis tested our capital adequacy until December 31, 2024, under various adverse economic and business conditions. The Appointed Actuary
reviews the calculation of our Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test ("LICAT") Ratios.




                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 157
 11. Reinsurance
Reinsurance is used primarily to limit exposure to large losses. We have a retention policy that requires that such arrangements be placed with well-
established, highly-rated reinsurers. Coverage is well-diversified and controls are in place to manage exposure to reinsurance counterparties. While
reinsurance arrangements provide for the recovery of claims arising from the liabilities ceded, we retain primary responsibility to the policyholders.

11.A Reinsurance Assets
Reinsurance assets are measured using the amounts and assumptions associated with the underlying insurance contracts and in accordance with
the terms of each reinsurance contract. Reinsurance assets are comprised of the following:

 As at December 31, 2020                                            Canada                     U.S.              Asia        Corporate(1)                 Total

 Individual participating life                                  $        57            $         9        $      263           $        —           $      329
 Individual non-participating life and health                          (636)                   882                49                    18                 313
 Group life and health                                                  403                  1,920                 4                    —                2,327
 Individual annuities                                                    —                      —                 —                     17                  17
 Group annuities                                                        140                     —                 —                     —                  140
 Reinsurance assets before other policy assets                          (36)                 2,811               316                    35               3,126
 Add: Other policy assets(2)                                            104                    508                65                    40                 717
 Total Reinsurance assets                                       $         68           $     3,319        $      381           $        75          $    3,843
(1)
    Primarily business from the UK and run-off reinsurance operations. Includes UK business of $18 for Individual non-participating life and health, and $17 for
    Individual annuities.
(2)
    Consists of amounts on deposit, policy benefits payable, provisions for unreported claims, provisions for policyholder dividends, and provisions for
    experience rating refunds.

 As at December 31, 2019                                            Canada                     U.S.              Asia         Corporate(1)                Total

 Individual participating life                                  $        35            $        10        $      322           $        —           $      367
 Individual non-participating life and health                          (377)                   913                48                    20                 604
 Group life and health                                                  384                  1,881                 2                    —                2,267
 Individual annuities                                                    —                      —                 —                     26                  26
 Group annuities                                                        131                     —                 —                     —                  131
 Reinsurance assets before other policy assets                          173                  2,804               372                    46               3,395
 Add: Other policy assets(2)                                             73                    456                57                    43                 629
 Total Reinsurance assets                                       $       246            $     3,260        $      429           $        89          $    4,024
(1)
    Primarily business from the UK and run-off reinsurance operations. Includes UK business of $20 for Individual non-participating life and health, and $26 for
    Individual annuities.
(2)
    Consists of amounts on deposit, policy benefits payable, provisions for unreported claims, provisions for policyholder dividends, and provisions for
    experience rating refunds.

There was no impairment of Reinsurance assets in 2020 or 2019. Changes in Reinsurance assets are included in Note 10.A.iv.

11.B Reinsurance (Expenses) Recoveries
Reinsurance (expenses) recoveries are comprised of the following:

 For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                    2020                 2019

 Recovered claims and benefits                                                                                                 $    2,182           $    1,955
 Commissions                                                                                                                           69                   70
 Reserve adjustments                                                                                                                   22                   26
 Operating expenses and other                                                                                                          80                   80
 Total reinsurance (expenses) recoveries                                                                                       $    2,353           $    2,131


11.C Reinsurance Gains or Losses
In 2020, we entered into a new reinsurance agreement that resulted in a loss of $66 on inception. We did not enter into reinsurance arrangements
that resulted in a gain or loss on inception in 2019.




158 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 12. Other Liabilities
12.A Composition of Other Liabilities
Other liabilities consist of the following:

 As at December 31,                                                                                                                      2020                   2019
                    (1)
 Accounts payable                                                                                                                  $    2,438            $     1,830
 Bank overdrafts and cash pooling                                                                                                           6                     30
 Repurchase agreements (Note 5)                                                                                                         2,208                  1,850
 Accrued expenses and taxes                                                                                                             3,723                  3,251
 Credit facilities(1)                                                                                                                     338                     73
 Borrowed funds(2)                                                                                                                        401                    320
 Senior financing(3)                                                                                                                       —                   1,967
 Accrued post-retirement benefit liability (Note 25)                                                                                      625                    675
 Secured borrowings from mortgage securitization (Note 5)                                                                               1,912                  1,715
 Lease liabilities                                                                                                                        864                    902
 Other financial liabilities (Note 5)(4)                                                                                                1,136                    956
 Deferred payments liability                                                                                                              382                    438
 Other                                                                                                                                    825                    930
 Total other liabilities                                                                                                           $   14,858            $   14,937
(1)
    Reflects a change in presentation for our credit facility effective January 1, 2020. We have updated our prior period to reflect this change in presentation.
(2)
    The change in Borrowed funds relates to net cash flow changes of $81 in 2020 ($132 in 2019) and foreign exchange rate movements of $1 in 2020 ($nil in
    2019).
(3)
    The Senior financing has been paid fully at the end of 2020. The change in Senior financing relates to foreign exchange rate movements of $(99) in 2019.
(4)
    Comprises financial liabilities related to acquisitions, including put option liabilities and financial liabilities due to non-controlling interest.

12.B Borrowed Funds
Borrowed funds include the following:
                                                                                      Currency of
 As at December 31,                                                                    borrowing                 Maturity                2020                   2019

 Encumbrances on real estate                                                          Cdn. dollars          Current - 2033         $      292            $       320
 Encumbrances on real estate                                                          U.S. dollars          Current - 2020                109                     —
 Total borrowed funds                                                                                                              $      401            $       320

Interest expense for the borrowed funds was $22 and $13 for 2020 and 2019, respectively. The aggregate maturities of borrowed funds are included
in Note 6.

12.C Senior Financing
On November 8, 2007, a structured entity consolidated by us issued a US$1,000 variable principal floating rate certificate (the "Certificate") to a
financial institution (the "Lender"). At the same time, Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada-U.S. Operations Holdings, Inc. ("U.S. Holdings"), a
subsidiary of SLF Inc., entered into an agreement with the Lender, pursuant to which U.S. Holdings will bear the ultimate obligation to repay the
outstanding principal amount of the Certificate and be obligated to make quarterly interest payments at three-month LIBOR plus a fixed spread. SLF
Inc. has fully guaranteed the obligation of U.S. Holdings. The structured entity issued additional certificates after the initial issuance, totaling to
US$515.

As at September 30, 2020, we repaid the $2,020 (US$1,515) variable principal floating rate certificates to the Lender, which were issued by a
structured entity consolidated by us. Pursuant to the letter of understanding with the Lender, the Certificates have been repaid and all additional
agreements have been terminated. The repayment was funded from sale of bonds, existing cash and other liquid assets, resulting in Net gains
(losses) on available-for-sale assets of $282. As part of this transaction, we also unwound the fair value hedges related to the structure, which
resulted in a loss of $342 in Interest and other investment income. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded $28 of interest expense
relating to this obligation ($64 in 2019). The fair value of the obligation is $nil ($1,874 in 2019). The fair value is determined by discounting the
expected future cash flows using a current market interest rate adjusted by SLF Inc.’s credit spread and is categorized in Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy.




                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 159
 13. Senior Debentures and Innovative Capital Instruments
13.A Senior Debentures(1)
The following obligations are included in Senior debentures as at December 31:

                                                              Interest               Earliest par call or
                                                                  rate                redemption date       Maturity                2020                2019

 SLF Inc. senior debentures:
    Series E issued August 23, 2011(2)                          4.57 %                                n/a       2021                 300                    300
 Sun Life Assurance senior debentures:(3)
    Issued to Sun Life Capital Trust ("SLCT I")
         Series B issued June 25, 2002                          7.09 %                 June 30, 2032(4)         2052                 200                    200
 Total senior debentures                                                                                                     $       500         $          500
 Fair value                                                                                                                  $       590         $          585
(1)
    All senior debentures are unsecured.
(2)
    Redeemable in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity at a price equal to the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding
    Government of Canada bond plus 0.53% for the Series E debentures.
(3)
    Redemption is subject to regulatory approval.
(4)
    Redeemable in whole or in part on any interest payment date or in whole upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or Tax Event, as described in the
    debenture. Prior to June 30, 2032, the redemption price is the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding Government of Canada
    bond plus 0.32%; from June 30, 2032, the redemption price is par.

Fair value is determined based on quoted market prices for identical or similar instruments. When quoted market prices are not available, fair value
is determined from observable market data by dealers that are typically the market makers. The fair value is categorized in Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy.

Interest expense for senior debentures was $28 and $67 for 2020 and 2019, respectively.

The senior debentures issued by SLF Inc. are direct senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with other unsecured and unsubordinated
indebtedness of SLF Inc.

13.B Innovative Capital Instruments
Innovative capital instruments consist of Sun Life ExchangEable Capital Securities ("SLEECS"), which were issued by SLCT I, established as a trust
under the laws of Ontario. SLCT I issued Sun Life ExchangEable Capital Securities - Series B ("SLEECS B"), which are units representing an undivided
beneficial ownership interest in the assets of that trust. SLEECS B are non-voting except in certain limited circumstances. Holders of the SLEECS B are
eligible to receive semi-annual non-cumulative fixed cash distributions.

The proceeds of the issuance of the SLEECS B were used by SLCT I to purchase senior debentures of Sun Life Assurance. SLCT I is not consolidated by
us. As a result, the innovative capital instruments are not reported on our Consolidated Financial Statements. However, the senior debentures
issued by Sun Life Assurance to SLCT I are reported on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

The SLEECS B are structured to achieve Tier 1 regulatory capital treatment for SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance and, as such, have features of equity
capital. No interest payments or distributions will be paid in cash by SLCT I on the SLEECS B if Sun Life Assurance fails to declare regular dividends
(i) on its Class B Non-Cumulative Preferred Shares Series A, or (ii) on its public preferred shares, if any are outstanding (each, a "Missed Dividend
Event"). If a Missed Dividend Event occurs, the net distributable funds of SLCT I will be distributed to Sun Life Assurance as the holder of Special
Trust Securities of that trust.

If SLCT I fails to pay in cash the semi-annual interest payments or distributions on the SLEECS B in full for any reason other than a Missed Dividend
Event, then, for a specified period of time, Sun Life Assurance will not declare dividends of any kind on any of its public preferred shares, and if no
such public preferred shares are outstanding, SLF Inc. will not declare dividends of any kind on any of its preferred shares or common shares.

Each SLEECS B unit will be automatically exchanged for 40 non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares of Sun Life Assurance if any one of the
following events occurs: (i) proceedings are commenced or an order is made for the winding-up of Sun Life Assurance; (ii) OSFI takes control of Sun
Life Assurance or its assets; (iii) Sun Life Assurance’s capital ratios fall below applicable thresholds; or (iv) OSFI directs Sun Life Assurance to increase
its capital or provide additional liquidity and Sun Life Assurance either fails to comply with such direction or elects to have the SLEECS B
automatically exchanged ("Automatic Exchange Event"). Upon an Automatic Exchange Event, former holders of the SLEECS B will cease to have any
claim or entitlement to distributions, interest or principal against SLCT I and will rank as preferred shareholders of Sun Life Assurance in a liquidation
of Sun Life Assurance.




160 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The table below presents additional significant terms and conditions of the SLEECS:
                                                                 Distribution or interest     Annual      Redemption date at      Conversion date at             Principal
 Issuer                                          Issuance date           payment dates          yield      the issuer’s option    the holder’s option             amount

 Sun Life Capital Trust ("SLCT I")(1)(2)(3)(4)
      SLEECS B                                   June 25, 2002   June 30, December 31         7.093 %             June 30, 2007               Any time       $       200
(1)
    Subject to regulatory approval, SLCT I may (i) redeem any outstanding SLEECS, in whole or in part, on the redemption date specified above or on any
    distribution date thereafter and (ii) may redeem all, but not part of any class of SLEECS upon occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event, prior to the
    redemption date specified above.
(2)
    The SLEECS B may be redeemed for cash equivalent to (i) the greater of the Early Redemption Price or the Redemption Price if the redemption occurs prior
    to June 30, 2032 or (ii) the Redemption Price if the redemption occurs on or after June 30, 2032. Redemption Price is equal to one thousand dollars plus
    the unpaid distributions, other than unpaid distributions resulting from a Missed Dividend Event, to the redemption date. Early Redemption Price for the
    SLEECS B is the price calculated to provide an annual yield, equal to the yield of a Government of Canada bond issued on the redemption date that has a
    maturity date of June 30, 2032, plus 32 basis points, plus the unpaid distributions, other than unpaid distributions resulting from a Missed Dividend Event,
    to the redemption date.
(3)
    The non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares of Sun Life Assurance issued upon an Automatic Exchange Event in respect of the SLEECS B will become
    convertible, at the option of the holder, into a variable number of common shares of SLF Inc. on distribution dates on or after December 31, 2032.
(4)
    Holders of SLEECS B may exchange, at any time, all or part of their SLEECS B units for non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares of Sun Life Assurance at
    an exchange rate for each SLEECS of 40 non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares of Sun Life Assurance. SLCT I will have the right, at any time before the
    exchange is completed, to arrange for a substituted purchaser to purchase SLEECS tendered for surrender to SLCT I so long as the holder of the SLEECS so
    tendered has not withheld consent to the purchase of its SLEECS. Any non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares issued in respect of an exchange by the
    holders of SLEECS B will become convertible, at the option of the holder, into a variable number of common shares of SLF Inc. on distribution dates on or
    after December 31, 2032.




                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 161
 14. Subordinated Debt
The following obligations are included in Subordinated debt as at December 31, and qualify as capital for Canadian regulatory purposes:

                                                                                  Earliest par call or
                                                       Interest rate             redemption date(1)        Maturity               2020                2019

 Sun Life Assurance:
    Issued May 15, 1998(2)                                    6.30%                                  n/a      2028          $      150          $      150
 Sun Life Financial Inc.:
    Issued May 29, 2007(3)                                    5.40%                  May 29, 2037 (4)         2042                 398                 398
    Issued September 25, 2015(5)                              2.60%            September 25, 2020             2025                  —                  500
    Issued February 19, 2016(6)                               3.10%              February 19, 2021            2026                 350                 349
    Issued September 19, 2016(7)                              3.05%            September 19, 2023             2028                 997                 996
    Issued November 23, 2017(8)                               2.75%            November 23, 2022              2027                 399                 399
    Issued August 13, 2019(9)                                 2.38%                August 13, 2024            2029                 747                 746
    Issued May 8, 2020(10)                                    2.58%                  May 10, 2027             2032                 995                  —
    Issued October 1, 2020(11)                                2.06%                October 1, 2030            2035                 745                  —
 Total subordinated debt                                                                                                    $    4,781         $     3,538
 Fair value                                                                                                                 $    5,190         $     3,727
(1)
     The debentures issued by SLF Inc. in 2007 are redeemable at any time, the debentures issued by SLF Inc. in September 2016, May 2020 and October 2020
     are all redeemable 5-years after issuance and the debentures issued by SLF Inc. on February 2016, 2017 and 2019 are redeemable on or after the date
     specified. From the date noted, the redemption price is par and redemption may only occur on a scheduled interest payment date. Redemption of all
     subordinated debentures is subject to regulatory approval.
(2)
     6.30% Debentures, Series 2, due 2028, issued by The Mutual Life Assurance Company of Canada, which subsequently changed its name to Clarica Life
     Insurance Company ("Clarica") and was amalgamated with Sun Life Assurance. These debentures are redeemable at any time. Prior to May 15, 2028, the
     redemption price is the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding Government of Canada bond plus 0.16%.
(3)
     Series 2007-1 Subordinated Unsecured 5.40% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2042. From May 29, 2037, interest is payable at 1.00% over Canadian dollar
     offered rate for three-month bankers’ acceptances ("CDOR").
(4)
     For redemption of the 2007 debentures prior to the date noted, the redemption price is the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a
     corresponding Government of Canada bond plus 0.25%.
(5)
     Series 2015-1 Subordinated Unsecured 2.60% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2025. On September 25, 2020, SLF Inc. redeemed all of the outstanding $500
     principal amount of these debentures in accordance with the redemption terms attached to such debentures.
(6)
     Series 2016-1 Subordinated Unsecured 3.10% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2026. From February 19, 2021, interest is payable at 2.20% over CDOR.
(7)
     Series 2016-2 Subordinated Unsecured 3.05% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2028. From September 19, 2023, interest is payable at 1.85% over CDOR.
     Between September 19, 2021 and September 19, 2023, the redemption price is the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding
     Government of Canada bond plus 0.52%.
(8)
     Series 2017-1 Subordinated Unsecured 2.75% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2027. From November 23, 2022, interest is payable at 0.74% over CDOR.
(9)
     Series 2019-1 Subordinated Unsecured 2.38% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2029. From August 13, 2024, interest is payable at 0.85% over CDOR.
(10)
     Series 2020-1 Subordinated Unsecured 2.58% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2032. From May 10, 2027, interest is payable at 1.66% over CDOR. Between
     May 10, 2025 and May 10, 2027, the redemption price is the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding Government of Canada bond
     plus 0.52%.
(11)
     Series 2020-2 Subordinated Unsecured 2.06% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2035. From October 1, 2030, interest is payable at 1.03% over CDOR.
     Between October 1, 2025 and October 1, 2030, the redemption price is the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding Government of
     Canada bond plus 0.38%.

Fair value is determined based on quoted market prices for identical or similar instruments. When quoted market prices are not available, fair value
is determined from observable market data by dealers that are typically the market makers. The fair value is categorized in Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy.

Interest expense on subordinated debt was $131 and $105 for 2020 and 2019, respectively.



 15. Share Capital
The authorized share capital of SLF Inc. consists of the following:
•    An unlimited number of common shares without nominal or par value. Each common share is entitled to one vote at meetings of the
     shareholders of SLF Inc. There are no pre-emptive, redemption, purchase, or conversion rights attached to the common shares.
•    An unlimited number of Class A and Class B non-voting shares, issuable in series. The Board is authorized before issuing the shares, to fix the
     number, the consideration per share, the designation of, and the rights and restrictions of the Class A and Class B shares of each series, subject
     to the special rights and restrictions attached to all the Class A and Class B shares. The Board has authorized 13 series of Class A non-voting
     preferred shares, 10 of which are outstanding.

The common and preferred shares of SLF Inc. qualify as capital for Canadian regulatory purposes. See Note 21.




162 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Dividends and Restrictions on the Payment of Dividends
Under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada), SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance are each prohibited from declaring or paying a dividend on any of its
shares if there are reasonable grounds for believing that it is, or by paying the dividend would be, in contravention of: (i) the requirement that it
maintains adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity, (ii) any regulations under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) in
relation to capital and liquidity, and (iii) any order by which OSFI directs it to increase its capital or provide additional liquidity.

SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance have each covenanted that, if a distribution is not paid when due on any outstanding SLEECS issued by SLCT I,
then (i) Sun Life Assurance will not pay dividends on its public preferred shares, if any are outstanding, and (ii) if Sun Life Assurance does not have
any public preferred shares outstanding, then SLF Inc. will not pay dividends on its preferred shares or common shares, in each case, until the 12th
month following the failure to pay the required distribution in full, unless the required distribution is paid to the holders of SLEECS. Public preferred
shares means preferred shares issued by Sun Life Assurance which: (a) have been issued to the public (excluding any preferred shares held
beneficially by affiliates of Sun Life Assurance); (b) are listed on a recognized stock exchange; and (c) have an aggregate liquidation entitlement of at
least $200. As at December 31, 2020, Sun Life Assurance did not have outstanding any shares that qualify as public preferred shares.

The terms of SLF Inc.’s outstanding preferred shares provide that for so long as Sun Life Assurance is a subsidiary of SLF Inc., no dividends on such
preferred shares are to be declared or paid if Sun Life Assurance’s minimum regulatory capital ratio falls below the applicable threshold.

In addition, under the terms of SLF Inc.’s outstanding preferred shares, SLF Inc. cannot pay dividends on its common shares without the approval of
the holders of those preferred shares unless all dividends on the preferred shares for the last completed period for which dividends are payable
have been declared and paid or set apart for payment.

Currently, the above limitations do not restrict the payment of dividends on SLF Inc.’s preferred or common shares.

The declaration and payment of dividends on SLF Inc.’s shares are at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our
earnings, financial condition and capital requirements. Dividends may be adjusted or eliminated at the discretion of the Board on the basis of these
or other considerations.

15.A Common Shares
The changes in common shares issued and outstanding for the years ended December 31 were as follows:

                                                                                                          2020                                    2019
                                                                                           Number of                                Number of
 Common shares (in millions of shares)                                                        shares                 Amount            shares                Amount

 Balance, January 1                                                                              587.8           $    8,289               598.5          $     8,419
 Stock options exercised (Note 19)                                                                 0.8                   23                 0.8                   28
 Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                         (3.5)                 (50)              (11.5) (1)            (158)
 Balance, December 31                                                                            585.1           $    8,262               587.8          $     8,289
(1)
      1.1 million shares were purchased pursuant to a third-party share repurchase program under an issuer bid exemption order at a discount to the prevailing
      market price of the common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange.

On August 14, 2019, SLF Inc. launched a normal course issuer bid to purchase and cancel up to 15 million common shares of SLF Inc.
("common shares") between August 14, 2019 and August 13, 2020 (the "2019 NCIB") and implemented an automatic repurchase plan with its
designated broker in order to facilitate purchases of common shares under such bid. Under such automatic repurchase plan, SLF Inc.’s designated
broker was able to purchase common shares pursuant to the 2019 NCIB at times when SLF Inc. ordinarily would not be active in the market due to
regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods.

Pursuant to the 2019 NCIB, common shares purchased for cancellation were able to be purchased through the facilities of the Toronto Stock
Exchange, other Canadian stock exchanges, and/or alternative Canadian trading platforms, at prevailing market rates, or by way of private
agreements or share repurchase programs under issuer bid exemption orders issued by securities regulatory authorities at a discount to the
prevailing market price.

In 2020, SLF Inc. purchased and cancelled approximately 3.5 million common shares at an average price per share of $56.86 for a total amount of
$200 under the 2019 NCIB. The total amount paid to purchase the shares is allocated to Common shares and Retained earnings in our Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Equity. The amount allocated to Common shares is based on the average cost per common share and amounts paid above
the average cost are allocated to Retained earnings.

On March 13, 2020, OSFI set the expectation for all federally regulated financial institutions that dividend increases and share buybacks should be
halted for the time being. As such, SLF Inc. has not purchased and cancelled common shares since that date nor renewed the 2019 NCIB.

15.B Preferred Shares
On June 30, 2020, 0.1 million of the 5.2 million Class A Non-cumulative Rate Reset Preferred Shares Series 8R (the "Series 8R Shares") were
converted into Class A Non-cumulative Floating Rate Preferred Shares Series 9QR (the "Series 9QR Shares") on a one-for-one basis and 1.1 million of
the 6.0 million Series 9QR Shares were converted into Series 8R Shares on a one-for-one basis. As a result, as of June 30, 2020, SLF Inc. has
approximately 6.2 million Series 8R Shares and 5.0 million Series 9QR Shares issued and outstanding. There were no other changes in preferred
shares issued and outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019.



                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements               Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 163
Further information on the preferred shares outstanding as at December 31, 2020, is as follows:

 Class A Preferred                                      Annual             Annual
 shares                                                dividend           dividend                Earliest par call or    Number             Face           Net
 (in millions of shares)                  Issue date        rate         per share               redemption date(1)      of shares         amount       amount(2)

 Series 1                       February 25, 2005        4.75%          $    1.19                        Any time             16.0     $      400      $       394
 Series 2                            July 15, 2005       4.80%          $    1.20                        Any time             13.0            325              318
 Series 3                        January 13, 2006        4.45%          $    1.11                        Any time             10.0            250              245
 Series 4                        October 10, 2006        4.45%          $    1.11                        Any time             12.0            300              293
 Series 5                        February 2, 2007        4.50%          $    1.13                        Any time             10.0            250              245
 Series 8R(3)                       May 25, 2010       1.825% (3)       $    0.51                  June 30, 2025(4)            6.2            155              152
 Series 9QR(5)                      June 30, 2015      Floating (6)       Floating                 June 30, 2025(7)            5.0            125              122
 Series 10R(3)                    August 12, 2011      2.842% (3)       $    0.71 (8)         September 30, 2021(4)            6.9            173              169
 Series 11QR(5)               September 30, 2016       Floating (6)       Floating            September 30, 2021(7)            1.1             27               26
 Series 12R(3)                November 10, 2011        3.806% (3)       $    0.95 (8)          December 31, 2021(4)           12.0            300              293
 Total preferred shares                                                                                                       92.2     $    2,305      $     2,257
(1)
    Redemption of all preferred shares is subject to regulatory approval.
(2)
    Net of after-tax issuance costs.
(3)
    On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter, the dividend rate will reset to an annual rate equal to the 5-year Government of Canada
    bond yield plus a spread specified for each series. The specified spread for Class A shares is: Series 8R - 1.41%, Series 10R - 2.17%, and Class A Non-
    Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset Preferred Shares Series 12R ("Series 12R Shares") - 2.73%. On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter,
    holders will have the right, at their option, to convert their shares into the series that is one number higher than their existing series.
(4)
    Redeemable on the redemption date and every five years thereafter, in whole or in part, at $25.00 per share.
(5)
    On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter, holders will have the right, at their option, to convert those shares into the series that is
    one number lower than their existing series.
(6)
    Holders are entitled to receive quarterly floating rate non-cumulative dividends at an annual rate equal to the then 3-month Government of Canada
    treasury bill yield plus a spread specified for each series. The specified spread for Class A shares is: Series 9QR - 1.41% and Series 11QR - 2.17%.
(7)
    Redeemable on the redemption date and every five years thereafter, in whole or in part, at $25.00 per share, and on any other date at $25.50 per share.
(8)
    The annual dividend per share in the table above is the amount paid per share in 2020.




 16. Interests in Other Entities
16.A Subsidiaries
Our principal subsidiaries are Sun Life Assurance and Sun Life Global Investments Inc. Sun Life Assurance is our principal operating insurance
company and holds our insurance operations in Canada, the U.S., the UK, the Philippines, Hong Kong, Indonesia and Vietnam. These insurance
operations are operated directly by Sun Life Assurance or through other subsidiaries. Sun Life Global Investments Inc. is a non-operating holding
company that holds our asset management businesses, including Massachusetts Financial Services and the group of companies under SLC
Management.

We are required to comply with various regulatory capital and solvency requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate that may restrict our
ability to access or use the assets of the group and to pay dividends. Further details on these restrictions are included in Notes 15 and 21.

16.B Joint Ventures and Associates
We have interests in various joint ventures and associates that principally operate in India, Malaysia, China, and the Philippines. We also have
interests in joint ventures related to certain real estate investments in Canada. Our interests in these joint ventures and associates range from
24.99% to 50%. The following table summarizes, in aggregate, the financial information of these joint ventures and associates:

 As at or for the years ended December 31,                                                                                                   2020             2019

 Carrying amount of interests in joint ventures and associates                                                                         $    1,579      $     1,510
 Our share of:
    Net income (loss)                                                                                                                           51              86
    Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                           (9)             (9)
 Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                     $        42     $        77

In 2020, our investment in our joint ventures and associates changed by $(1) ($19 in 2019), primarily in Canada.

During 2020, we received dividends from our joint ventures and associates of $29 ($45 in 2019). We also incurred rental expenses of $17 ($17 in
2019) related to leases with our joint ventures and associates, with the remaining future rental payments payable to our joint ventures and
associates totaling $197 over 12 years.




164 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
16.C Joint Operations
We invest jointly in investment properties and owner-occupied properties which are co-managed under contractual relationships with the other
investors. We share in the revenues and expenses generated by these properties in proportion to our investment. The carrying amount of these
jointly controlled assets, which is included in Investment properties and in Other Assets for owner-occupied properties, is $1,802 as at
December 31, 2020 ($1,503 as at December 31, 2019). The fair value of these jointly controlled assets is $1,892 as at December 31, 2020 ($1,595 as
at December 31, 2019).

16.D Unconsolidated Structured Entities
SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries have interests in various structured entities that are not consolidated by us. A structured entity is an entity that has been
designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to
administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements. We have an interest in a structured entity
when we have a contractual or non-contractual involvement that exposes us to variable returns from the performance of the entity. Our interest
includes investments held in securities or units issued by these entities and fees earned from management of the assets within these entities.

Information on our interests in unconsolidated structured entities is as follows:

 As at December 31,                                                                                            2020                             2019
                                                                Consolidated Statements                              Maximum                          Maximum
                                                                    of Financial Position                Carrying   exposure to          Carrying    exposure to
 Type of structured entity              Type of investment held                 line item                amount          loss(1)         amount           loss(1)

 Securitization entities - third-                 Debt securities                Debt securities     $     8,805      $    8,805     $     8,402       $    8,402
   party managed
 Securitization entities - third-           Short-term securities       Cash, cash equivalents       $     1,115      $    1,115     $       498       $      498
   party managed                                                               and short-term
                                                                                     securities
 Investment funds - third-party            Investment fund units               Equity securities     $     5,102      $    5,102     $     3,453       $    3,453
    managed
 Investment funds - company           Investment fund units and           Equity securities and      $     2,299      $    2,299     $     2,293       $    2,293
    managed(2)                         Limited partnership units         Other invested assets
 Limited partnerships - third-         Limited partnership units         Other invested assets       $     1,842      $    1,842     $     1,682       $    1,682
    party managed
(1)
    The maximum exposure to loss is the maximum loss that we could record through comprehensive income as a result of our involvement with these
    entities.
(2)
    Includes investments in funds managed by our joint ventures with a carrying amount of $155 ($204 in 2019).

16.D.i Securitization Entities
Securitization entities are structured entities that are generally financed primarily through the issuance of debt securities that are backed by a pool
of assets, such as mortgages or loans.

Third-Party Managed
Our investments in third-party managed securitization entities consist of asset-backed securities, such as commercial mortgage-backed securities,
residential mortgage-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations ("CDOs"), and commercial paper. These securities are generally large-issue
debt securities designed to transform the cash flows from a specific pool of underlying assets into tranches providing various risk exposures for
investment purposes. We do not provide financial or other support to these entities other than our original investment and therefore our maximum
exposure to loss on these investments is limited to the carrying amount of our investment. We do not have control over these investments since we
do not have power to direct the relevant activities of these entities, regardless of the level of our investment.

Company Managed
We provide collateral management services to various securitization entities, primarily CDOs, from which we earn a fee for our services. The
financial support provided to these entities is limited to the carrying amount of our investment in these entities. We provide no guarantees or other
contingent support to these entities. We have not consolidated these entities since we do not have significant variability from our interests in these
entities and we do not have any investment in these entities.

16.D.ii Investment Funds and Limited Partnerships
Investment funds and limited partnerships are investment vehicles that consist of a pool of funds collected from a group of investors for the purpose
of investing in assets such as money market instruments, debt securities, equity securities, real estate, and other similar assets. The preceding table
includes our investments in all investment funds, including mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and segregated funds, and our investments in
certain limited partnerships. Some of these investment funds and limited partnerships are structured entities. For all investment funds and limited
partnerships, our maximum exposure to loss is equivalent to the carrying amount of our investment in the fund or partnership. Investment funds
and limited partnerships are generally financed through the issuance of investment fund units or limited partnership units.

Third-Party Managed
We hold units in investment funds and limited partnerships managed by third-party asset managers. Our investments in fund units and limited
partnership units generally give us an undivided interest in the investment performance of a portfolio of underlying assets managed or tracked to a
specific investment mandate for investment purposes. We do not have control over investment funds or limited partnerships that are structured
entities since we do not have power to direct their relevant activities.


                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 165
Company Managed
We hold units in Company managed investment funds and limited partnerships. We generally have power over Company managed investment
funds and limited partnerships that are structured entities since we have power to direct the relevant activities of the funds and limited
partnerships. However, we have not consolidated these funds and limited partnerships since we do not have significant variability from our interests
in these funds and limited partnerships. We earn management fees from the management of these investment funds and limited partnerships that
are commensurate with the services provided and are reported in Fee income. Management fees are generally based on the value of the assets
under management. Therefore, the fees earned are impacted by the composition of the assets under management and fluctuations in financial
markets. The fee income earned is included in Fund management and other asset based fees in Note 17. We also hold units in investment funds and
limited partnerships managed by our joint ventures. Our share of the management fees earned is included as part of the Net income (loss) reported
in Note 16.B.

16.E Consolidated Structured Entities
We control and consolidate the entity that issued the senior financing that is described in more detail in Note 12.C. We also control and consolidate
certain investment funds managed by SLC Management that invest primarily in public fixed income and investment properties.



 17. Fee Income
Fee income for the years ended December 31 consists of the following:
                                                                                                                            2020                2019

 Fee income from insurance contracts                                                                                  $    1,059          $    1,017
 Fee income from service contracts:
    Distribution fees                                                                                                        858                 820
    Fund management and other asset-based fees                                                                             4,180               3,662
    Administrative service and other fees                                                                                    784                 752
 Total fee income                                                                                                     $    6,881          $    6,251

Distribution fees and Fund management and other asset-based fees are primarily earned in the Asset Management segment. Administrative service
and other fees are primarily earned in the Canada segment. The fee income by business segment is presented in Note 4.



 18. Operating Expenses
Operating expenses for the years ended December 31 consist of the following:
                                                                                                                            2020                2019

 Employee expenses(1)                                                                                                 $    4,445          $    4,090
 Premises and equipment                                                                                                      158                 163
 Capital asset depreciation                                                                                                  250                 241
 Service fees                                                                                                                946                 919
 Amortization of intangible assets (Note 9)                                                                                  156                 137
 Impairment of intangible assets (Note 9)                                                                                     11                  15
 Other expenses                                                                                                            1,435               1,468
 Total operating expenses                                                                                             $    7,401          $    7,033
(1)
      See table below for further details.

Employee expenses for the years ended December 31 consist of the following:
                                                                                                                            2020                2019

 Salaries, bonus, employee benefits                                                                                   $    3,879          $    3,497
 Share-based payments (Note 19)                                                                                              540                 549
 Other personnel costs                                                                                                        26                  44
 Total employee expenses                                                                                              $    4,445          $    4,090




166 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
19. Share-Based Payments
19.A Stock Option Plans
SLF Inc. has granted stock options to eligible employees under the Executive Stock Option Plan. These options are granted at the closing price of the
common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange ("TSX") on the grant date. The options granted under the stock option plans vest over a four-year
period. All options have a maximum exercise period of 10 years. The maximum number of common shares that may be issued under the Executive
Stock Option Plan is 29,525,000 shares.

The activities in the stock option plans for the years ended December 31 are as follows:

                                                                                             2020                                  2019
                                                                           Number of stock      Weighted                 Number of             Weighted
                                                                                  options average exercise            stock options               average
                                                                              (thousands)            price              (thousands)         exercise price

Balance, January 1,                                                                     3,074          $   42.36               3,101           $     37.06
Granted                                                                                   730          $   61.88                 745           $     50.58
Exercised                                                                                (631)         $   28.29                (772)          $     29.01
Balance, December 31,                                                                   3,173          $   49.65               3,074           $     42.36
Exercisable, December 31,                                                               1,537          $   42.87               1,670           $     35.51

The average share price at the date of exercise of stock options for the year ended December 31, 2020 was $57.21 ($53.22 for 2019).

Compensation expense for stock options was $4 for the year ended December 31, 2020 ($4 for 2019).

The stock options outstanding as at December 31, 2020, by exercise price, are as follows:
                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                                                           average
                                                                                                 Number of stock         remaining         Weighted
                                                                                                        options     contractual life average exercise
Range of exercise prices                                                                            (thousands)             (years)             price

$18.00 to $24.00                                                                                              48                1.16           $     21.53
$24.01 to $30.00                                                                                             168                2.15           $     28.20
$30.01 to $35.00                                                                                              23                0.17           $     31.65
$35.01 to $45.00                                                                                             589                4.37           $     39.53
$45.01 to $62.12                                                                                           2,345                7.96           $     54.48
Total stock options                                                                                        3,173                6.83           $     49.65

The weighted average fair values of the stock options, calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, granted during the year ended
December 31, 2020 was $5.99 ($5.56 for 2019). The Black-Scholes option pricing model used the following assumptions to determine the fair value
of options granted during the years ending December 31:

Weighted average assumptions                                                                                                    2020                  2019

Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                      1.2%                  1.8%
Expected volatility                                                                                                         19.2%                 19.5%
Expected dividend yield                                                                                                      4.0%                  4.0%
Expected life of the option (in years)                                                                                       6.3                   6.3
Exercise price                                                                                                           $ 61.88               $ 50.58

Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the common shares, implied volatilities from traded options on the common shares, and other
factors. The expected term of options granted is derived based on historical employee exercise behaviour and employee termination experience.
The risk-free rate for periods within the expected term of the option is based on the Canadian government bond yield curve in effect at the time of
grant.

19.B Employee Share Ownership Plan
In Canada, we match eligible employees’ contributions to the Sun Life Financial Employee Stock Plan. Employees may elect to contribute from 1% to
20% of their target annual compensation to the Sun Life Financial Employee Stock Plan. Under this plan the match is provided for employees who
have met one year of employment eligibility and is equal to 50% of the employee’s contributions up to 5% of an employee’s annual compensation.
The match is further capped by a one thousand five hundred dollar annual maximum. Our contributions vest immediately and are expensed.

In 2019, we introduced the Sun Life Financial U.S. Employee Stock Purchase Plan which allows eligible employees to buy shares of SLF Inc. at a 10%
discount at the end of six-month offering periods. Under this plan, employees who enroll can contribute from 1% to 10% of their base salary. At the
end of each period, accumulated employee amounts are used to purchase stock, with the Company financing the 10% discount. The total annual
contribution, including the company discount, is limited to U.S. twenty-five thousand dollars based on its fair market value on the offering date.



                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements           Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 167
We recorded an expense of $9 for the year ended December 31, 2020 ($8 for 2019).

19.C Other Share-Based Payment Plans
All other share-based payment plans use notional units that are valued based on the common share price on the TSX. Any fluctuation in the
common share price changes the value of the units, which affects our share-based payment compensation expense. Upon redemption of these
units, payments are made to the employees with a corresponding reduction in the accrued liability. We use equity swaps and forwards to hedge our
exposure to variations in cash flows due to changes in the common share price for all of these plans.

Details of these plans are as follows:

Senior Executives’ Deferred Share Unit ("DSU") Plan: Under the DSU plan, designated executives may elect to receive all or a portion of their annual
incentive award in the form of DSUs. Each DSU is equivalent in value to one common share and earns dividend equivalents in the form of additional
DSUs at the same rate as the dividends on common shares. The designated executives must elect to participate in the plan prior to the beginning of
the plan year and this election is irrevocable. Awards generally vest immediately; however, participants are not permitted to redeem the DSUs until
after termination, death, or retirement. The value at the time of redemption will be based on the fair value of the common shares immediately
before their redemption.

Sun Share Unit ("Sun Share") Plan: Under the Sun Share plan, participants are granted units that are equivalent in value to one common share and
have a grant price equal to the average of the closing price of a common share on the TSX on the five trading days immediately prior to the date of
grant. Participants generally hold units for up to 36 months from the date of grant. The units earn dividend equivalents in the form of additional
units at the same rate as the dividends on common shares. Under this plan, some units are performance-based that may vest or become payable if
we meet specified threshold performance targets. The plan provides for performance factors to motivate participants to achieve a higher return for
shareholders (performance factors are determined through a multiplier that can be as low as zero or as high as two times the number of units that
vest). Payments to participants are based on the number of units vested multiplied by the average closing price of a common share on the TSX on
the five trading days immediately prior to the vesting date.

Additional information for other share-based payment plans: The units outstanding under these plans and the liabilities recognized for these units
in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position are summarized in the following table:

Number of units (in thousands)                                                                      Sun Shares              DSUs                   Total

Units outstanding December 31, 2020                                                                     4,971                860                   5,831
Units outstanding December 31, 2019                                                                     5,521                930                   6,451
Liability accrued as at December 31, 2020                                                           $     258         $       48           $         306
Liability accrued as at December 31, 2019                                                           $     257         $       51           $         308

Compensation expense and the Income tax expense (benefit) for other share-based payment plans for the years ended December 31 are shown in
the following table. Since expenses for the DSUs are accrued as part of incentive compensation in the year awarded, the expenses below do not
include these accruals. The expenses presented in the following table include increases in the liabilities for Sun Shares and DSUs due to changes in
the fair value of the common shares and the accruals of the Sun Shares liabilities over the vesting period, and exclude any adjustment in expenses
due to the impact of hedging.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                            2020                   2019

Compensation expense                                                                                                  $      140           $        205
Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                          $      (34)          $        (53)


19.D Share-Based Payment Plans of MFS
Share-based payment awards within MFS are based on their own shares. Restricted share awards and stock option awards are settled in MFS shares
and restricted stock unit awards are settled in cash. Restricted share awards, restricted stock unit awards, and stock option awards generally vest
over a four-year period and continued employment is generally the only service requirement for these awards. Holders of restricted share awards
and restricted stock unit awards are entitled to receive non-forfeitable dividend equivalent payments during the vesting period at the same rate as
the dividends on MFS’s shares.

Although restricted share awards and stock option awards are settled in shares, all of the MFS share-based awards, including outstanding MFS
shares, are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payment awards due to the fact that MFS has a practice of repurchasing its outstanding shares
after a specified holding period. The fair value of stock option awards is determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, while the fair
value of restricted share awards, restricted stock unit awards, and outstanding MFS shares are estimated using a market consistent share valuation
model. The amount of periodic compensation expense recognized is impacted by grants of new awards, vesting, exercise, and forfeiture of unvested
awards, share repurchases, changes in fair value of awards, and outstanding MFS shares. The total liability accrued attributable to all MFS share-
based payment plans as at December 31, 2020 was $902 ($810 as at December 31, 2019) which includes a liability of $713 ($644 as at
December 31, 2019) for the stock options, restricted shares, and outstanding MFS shares.

Compensation expense and the Income tax expense (benefit) for these awards for the years ended December 31 are shown in the following table:

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                   2020            2019

Compensation expense                                                                                                         $      387        $    332
Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                 $      (64)       $    (58)


168 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 20. Income Taxes
20.A Deferred Income Taxes
The following represents the deferred tax assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position:

 As at December 31,                                                                                                                                 2020           2019
                         (1)
 Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                          $ 1,634         $ 1,455
 Deferred tax liabilities(1)                                                                                                                      383             406
 Net deferred tax asset                                                                                                                       $ 1,251         $ 1,049
(1)
      Our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax
      liabilities and when the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

The movement in net deferred tax assets for the years ended December 31, are as follows:
                                                                                                                   Losses     Pension
                                                                                               Deferred         available   and other
                                                                                 Policy      acquisition        for carry   employee
                                                         Investments       liabilities(1)          costs         forward     benefits             Other(2)         Total

 As at December 31, 2019                                     $ (1,040)        $ 1,121          $     83         $    697     $     338        $      (150)    $ 1,049
 Acquisitions (disposals) through business
   combinations                                                     —                —               —                —              —                (67)          (67)
 Charged to statement of operations                               (149)             494              —                62             (5)              (31)          371
 Charged to other comprehensive income                             (54)              —               —               (50)            (8)               —           (112)
 Charged to equity, other than other
   comprehensive income                                              —                —              —                (1)            —                 —              (1)
 Foreign exchange rate movements and Other                           3                6              (1)              —              (3)               6              11
 As at December 31, 2020                                     $ (1,240)        $ 1,621          $     82         $    708     $     322        $      (242)    $ 1,251
(1)
      Consists of Insurance contract liabilities and Investment contract liabilities, net of Reinsurance assets.
(2)
      Includes unused tax credits.
                                                                                                                   Losses     Pension
                                                                                               Deferred         available   and other
                                                                                  Policy     acquisition        for carry   employee
                                                          Investments       liabilities(1)        costs          forward     benefits             Other(2)         Total

 As at December 31, 2018                                     $    (746)       $     737        $     96         $    648     $     319        $      (167)    $     887
 Acquisitions (disposals) through business
   combinations                                                     —                —               —                —             —                 (48)          (48)
 Charged to statement of operations                               (263)             406              (9)              63             7                 50           254
 Charged to other comprehensive income                             (52)              (9)             —               (10)           21                 (1)          (51)
 Charged to equity, other than other
   comprehensive income                                             —                 —              —                —              —                  9              9
 Foreign exchange rate movements and Other                          21               (13)            (4)              (4)            (9)                7             (2)
 As at December 31, 2019                                     $ (1,040)        $ 1,121          $     83         $    697     $     338        $      (150)    $ 1,049
(1)
      Consists of Insurance contract liabilities and Investment contract liabilities, net of Reinsurance assets.
(2)
      Includes unused tax credits.

We have accumulated non-capital tax losses, primarily in Canada, the Philippines, the UK and Indonesia, totaling $3,382 ($3,317 in 2019). The
benefit of these tax losses has been recognized to the extent that it is probable that the benefit will be realized. In addition, in the U.S., we have net
capital losses of $19 ($1 in 2019) for which a deferred tax asset of $4 ($1 in 2019) has been recognized. Unused tax losses for which a deferred tax
asset has not been recognized amount to $587 as of December 31, 2020 ($553 in 2019) primarily in the Philippines and Indonesia. We also have
capital losses of $460 in the UK ($455 in 2019) and $169 in Canada ($178 in 2019) for which a deferred tax asset of $110 ($101 in 2019) has not been
recognized.

We will realize the benefit of tax losses carried forward in future years through a reduction in current income taxes as and when the losses are
utilized. These tax losses are subject to examination by various tax authorities and could be reduced as a result of the adjustments to tax returns.
Furthermore, legislative, business or other changes may limit our ability to utilize these losses.

Included in the deferred tax asset related to losses available for carry forward are tax benefits that have been recognized on losses incurred in either
the current or the preceding year. In determining if it is appropriate to recognize these tax benefits, we rely on projections of future taxable profits,
and we also consider tax planning opportunities that will create taxable income in the period in which the unused tax losses can be utilized.

The non-capital losses carried forward in Canada expire beginning in 2030 and the capital losses can be carried forward indefinitely. The operating
and capital losses in the UK can be carried forward indefinitely. The non-capital losses in the Philippines can be carried forward three years, and the



                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements               Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 169
non-capital losses in Indonesia can be carried forward five years. The capital losses in the U.S. can be carried forward five years and expire beginning
in 2024.

We recognize a deferred tax liability on all temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches, joint ventures and
associates unless we are able to control the timing of the reversal of these differences and it is probable that these differences will not reverse in the
foreseeable future. As at December 31, 2020, temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches, joint ventures and
associates for which a deferred tax liability has not been recognized amount to $5,299 ($5,489 in 2019).

20.B Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
20.B.i In our Consolidated Statements of Operations, Income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31 has the following components:

                                                                                                                                    2020           2019

Current income tax expense (benefit):
   Current year                                                                                                               $      859       $    620
   Adjustments in respect of prior years, including resolution of tax disputes                                                         7            (80)
Total current income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                           866            540
Deferred income tax expense (benefit):
   Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                                (435)           (240)
   Adjustments in respect of prior years, including resolution of tax disputes                                                        48             (24)
   Tax expense (benefit) arising from unrecognized tax losses                                                                         15               8
   Tax rate and other legislative changes                                                                                              1               2
Total deferred income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                         (371)           (254)
Total income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                            $      495       $    286

20.B.ii Income tax benefit (expense) recognized directly in equity for the years ended December 31:
                                                                                                                                    2020           2019

Recognized in other comprehensive income:
   Current income tax benefit (expense)                                                                                       $       (2)      $     (12)
   Deferred income tax benefit (expense)                                                                                            (112)            (51)
Total recognized in other comprehensive income                                                                                      (114)            (63)
Recognized in equity, other than other comprehensive income:
   Deferred income tax benefit (expense)                                                                                               (1)             9
Total income tax benefit (expense) recorded in equity, including tax benefit (expense) recorded in
 Other comprehensive income                                                                                                   $     (115)      $     (54)

20.B.iii Our effective income tax rate differs from the combined Canadian federal and provincial statutory income tax rate as follows:

For the years ended December 31,                                                                            2020                        2019
                                                                                                                        %                              %

Total net income (loss)                                                                              $   2,792                $    2,947
Add: Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                          495                       286
Total net income (loss) before income taxes                                                          $   3,287                $    3,233

Taxes at the combined Canadian federal and provincial statutory income tax rate                      $    871        26.5     $      857            26.5
Increase (decrease) in rate resulting from:
   Tax-exempt investment (income) loss                                                                   (253)        (7.7)         (260)           (8.0)
   Higher (lower) effective rates on income subject to taxation in foreign jurisdictions                 (218)        (6.6)         (194)           (6.0)
   Adjustments in respect of prior years, including resolution of tax disputes                             55          1.7          (104)           (3.2)
   Tax (benefit) cost of unrecognized tax losses and tax credits                                           15          0.5             8             0.2
   Tax rate and other legislative changes                                                                   1           —              2             0.1
   Other                                                                                                   24          0.7           (23)           (0.8)
Total tax expense (benefit) and effective income tax rate                                            $    495        15.1     $      286             8.8

Tax-exempt investment (income) loss includes tax rate differences related to various types of investment income or losses that are taxed at rates
lower than our statutory income tax rate. Examples include, but are not limited to, dividend income capital gains arising in Canada and changes in
market values including those resulting from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

Statutory income tax rates in other jurisdictions in which we conduct business range from 0% to 30%, which creates a tax rate differential and
corresponding tax provision difference compared to the Canadian federal and provincial statutory rate when applied to foreign income not subject
to tax in Canada. Generally, higher earnings in jurisdictions with higher statutory tax rates result in an increase of our tax expense, while earnings


170 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
arising in tax jurisdictions with statutory rates lower than 26.5% reduce our tax expense. These differences are reported in Higher (lower) effective
rates on income subject to taxation in foreign jurisdictions. The benefit reported in 2020 included higher income in jurisdictions with low statutory
income tax rates compared to 2019.

Adjustments in respect of prior periods, including the resolution of tax disputes, relates mainly to the finalization of the prior year’s Canadian and
U.S. tax filings in 2020. In 2019, it related to the resolution of Canadian tax matters and the finalization of the prior year's Canadian and U.S. tax
filings.

Tax (benefit) cost of unrecognized tax losses and tax credits reflects unrecognized losses in Asia.

Tax rate and other legislative changes includes a remeasurement of our deferred tax balances in the UK due to the reversal of an enacted future
corporate tax rate reduction, which has been partially offset by the remeasurement of our deferred tax balances in Canada due to an enacted
corporate tax rate reduction in the province of Alberta. The Alberta tax rate reduction will decrease our statutory tax rate to 26.25% in 2021 and
future years.

Other primarily reflects withholding taxes on distributions from our foreign subsidiaries and the benefit relating to investments in joint ventures in
Asia. In 2019, Other also reflects the reversal of withholding taxes no longer expected to be paid.



21. Capital Management
Our capital base is structured to exceed minimum regulatory and internal capital targets and maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings,
while maintaining a capital efficient structure. We strive to achieve an optimal capital structure by balancing the use of debt and equity financing.
Capital is managed both on a consolidated basis under the principles that consider all the risks associated with the business, as well as at the
business group level under the principles appropriate to the jurisdiction in which each operates. We manage the capital for all of our international
subsidiaries on a local statutory basis in a manner commensurate with their individual risk profiles.

The Board of Directors of SLF Inc. is responsible for the annual review and approval of the Company’s capital plan and capital risk policy.
Management oversight of our capital programs and position is provided by the Company’s Executive Risk Committee, the membership of which
includes senior management from the finance, actuarial, and risk management functions.

We engage in a capital planning process annually in which capital deployment options, fundraising, and dividend recommendations are presented to
the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. Capital reviews are regularly conducted which consider the potential impacts under various business,
interest rate, and equity market scenarios. Relevant components of these capital reviews, including dividend recommendations, are presented to
the Risk Committee on a quarterly basis. The Board of Directors is responsible for the approval of the dividend recommendations.

The capital risk policy is designed to ensure that adequate capital is maintained to provide the flexibility necessary to take advantage of growth
opportunities, to support the risks associated with our businesses and to optimize return to our shareholders. This policy is also intended to provide
an appropriate level of risk management over capital adequacy risk, which is defined as the risk that capital is not or will not be sufficient to
withstand adverse economic conditions, to maintain financial strength or to allow us and our subsidiaries to support ongoing operations and to take
advantage of opportunities for expansion. SLF Inc. manages its capital in a manner commensurate with its risk profile and control environment.

SLF Inc. is a non-operating insurance company and is subject to the LICAT guideline. As at December 31, 2020, SLF Inc.’s LICAT ratio exceeds the
regulatory minimum ratio as set out by OSFI.

Sun Life Assurance, SLF’s principal operating life insurance subsidiary in Canada, is also subject to the LICAT guideline. With a LICAT Ratio of 127% as
at December 31, 2020, Sun Life Assurance’s LICAT Ratio is above OSFI’s Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and minimum Total Ratio of 90%.

OSFI may intervene and assume control of a Canadian life insurance company if it deems the amount of available capital insufficient. Capital
requirements may be adjusted by OSFI in the future, as experience develops or the risk profile of Canadian life insurers changes or to reflect other
risks. Sun Life Assurance exceeded levels that would require regulatory or corrective action as at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019.

The Company’s regulated subsidiaries must comply with the capital adequacy requirements imposed in the jurisdictions in which they operate. In
certain jurisdictions, the payment of dividends from our subsidiaries is subject to maintaining capital levels exceeding regulatory targets and/or
receiving regulatory approval. We maintained capital levels above minimum local requirements as at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019.

In the U.S., Sun Life Assurance operates through a branch which is subject to U.S. regulatory supervision and it exceeded the levels under which
regulatory action would be required as at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. In the U.S., we use captive reinsurance arrangements to
provide efficient financing of U.S. statutory reserve requirements in excess of those required under IFRS. Under two such arrangements, the funding
of these reserve requirements is supported by a guarantee from SLF Inc.




                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 171
Our capital base consists mainly of common shareholders’ equity, preferred shareholders’ equity, participating policyholders’ equity, non-controlling
interests’ equity and certain other capital securities that qualify as regulatory capital. For regulatory reporting purposes under the LICAT framework,
there were further adjustments, including goodwill, non-life investments, and others as was prescribed by OSFI, to the total capital figure presented
in the table below:

 As at December 31,                                                                                                          2020                 2019

 Subordinated debt                                                                                                     $    4,781          $     3,538
 Innovative capital instruments(1)                                                                                            200                  200
 Equity:
    Preferred shareholders’ equity                                                                                          2,257                2,257
    Common shareholders’ equity                                                                                            22,212               21,141
    Participating policyholders’ equity                                                                                     1,368                1,091
    Non-controlling interests’ equity                                                                                          25                   19
 Total capital                                                                                                         $   30,843          $    28,246
(1)
      Innovative capital instruments are SLEECS issued by SLCT I (Note 13). SLCT I is not consolidated by us.




 22. Segregated Funds
We have segregated fund products, including variable annuities, unit-linked products and universal life insurance policies, in Canada, the U.S., the
UK, and Asia. Under these contracts, the benefit amount is contractually linked to the fair value of the investments in the particular segregated fund.
Policyholders can select from a variety of categories of segregated fund investments. Although the underlying assets are registered in our name and
the segregated fund contract holder has no direct access to the specific assets, the contractual arrangements are such that the segregated fund
policyholder bears the risk and rewards of the funds’ investment performance. Therefore, net realized gains and losses, other net investment
income earned, and expenses incurred on the segregated funds are attributable to policyholders and not to us. However, certain contracts include
guarantees from us. We are exposed to equity market risk and interest rate risk as a result of these guarantees. Further details on these guarantees
and our risk management activities related to these guarantees are included in the Risk Management section of the MD&A.

We derive fee income from segregated funds. Market value movements in the investments held for segregated fund holders impact the
management fees earned on these funds.

The segregated fund types offered, by percentage of total investments for account of segregated fund holders, were within the following ranges as
at December 31, 2020 and 2019:

 Type of fund                                                                                                                                        %

 Money market                                                                                                                                    1 to 5
 Fixed income                                                                                                                                  10 to 15
 Balanced                                                                                                                                      40 to 45
 Equity                                                                                                                                        40 to 45

Money market funds include investments that have a term to maturity of less than one year. Fixed income funds are funds that invest primarily in
investment grade fixed income securities and where less than 25% can be invested in diversified equities or high-yield bonds. Balanced funds are a
combination of fixed income securities with a larger equity component. The fixed income component is greater than 25% of the portfolio. Equity
consists primarily of broad-based diversified funds that invest in a well-diversified mix of Canadian, U.S. or global equities. Other funds in this
category include low volatility funds, intermediate volatility funds, and high volatility funds.

22.A Investments for Account of Segregated Fund Holders
The carrying value of investments held for segregated fund holders are as follows:

 As at December 31,                                                                                                          2020                 2019

 Segregated and mutual fund units                                                                                      $ 111,789           $ 102,071
 Equity securities                                                                                                         9,733              10,565
 Debt securities                                                                                                           3,874               3,825
 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities                                                                            693                 589
 Investment properties                                                                                                       387                 403
 Mortgages                                                                                                                    19                  21
 Other assets                                                                                                                140                 146
 Total assets                                                                                                          $ 126,635           $ 117,620
 Less: Liabilities arising from investing activities                                                                          714                  647
 Total investments for account of segregated fund holders                                                              $ 125,921           $ 116,973




172 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
22.B Changes in Insurance Contracts and Investment Contracts for Account of Segregated Fund
Holders
Effective December 31, 2020, we combined our Insurance contracts for account of segregated fund holders and Investment contracts for account of
segregated fund holders. We have updated the prior period to reflect this change in presentation.

Changes in insurance contracts and investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders are as follows:

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                2020                  2019

Balance as at January 1                                                                                                  $ 116,973             $ 103,062
Additions to segregated funds:
   Deposits                                                                                                                  12,880                11,958
   Net transfer (to) from general funds                                                                                      (1,825)                 (437)
   Net realized and unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                 5,643                11,544
   Other investment income                                                                                                    4,275                 4,665
Total additions                                                                                                          $   20,973            $   27,730

Deductions from segregated funds:
  Payments to policyholders and their beneficiaries                                                                          10,618                12,024
  Management fees                                                                                                             1,126                 1,109
  Taxes and other expenses                                                                                                      396                   385
  Foreign exchange rate movements                                                                                              (115)                  301
Total deductions                                                                                                         $   12,025            $   13,819
Net additions (deductions)                                                                                               $     8,948           $   13,911
Balance as at December 31                                                                                                $ 125,921             $ 116,973




23. Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies
23.A Lease Commitments
We lease offices and certain equipment. These are operating leases with rents charged to operations in the year to which they relate. Total future
rental payments for the remainder of these leases total $1,082 ($1,114 as at December 31, 2019). The future rental payments by year of payment
are included in the MD&A as described in Note 6.

23.B Contractual Commitments
In the normal course of business, various contractual commitments are outstanding, which are not reflected in our Consolidated Financial
Statements. In addition to loan commitments for debt securities and mortgages included in Note 6.A.i, we have equity, investment property, and
property and equipment commitments. As at December 31, 2020, we had a total of $3,583 of contractual commitments outstanding ($3,583 as at
December 31, 2019). The expected maturities of these commitments are included in the MD&A as described in Note 6.

23.C Letters of Credit
We issue commercial letters of credit in the normal course of business. As at December 31, 2020, we had credit facilities of $846 available for the
issuance of letters of credit ($859 as at December 31, 2019), from which a total of $122 in letters of credit were outstanding ($214 as at
December 31, 2019).

23.D Commission on Release
Commissions on Release ("CORe") is a program designed to facilitate the transfer of blocks of business between advisors in order to provide ongoing
service and advice to our Clients. We facilitate and administer these transactions including payment and collection streams. Under the CORe
program, when an eligible advisor releases Clients they are servicing, we are contractually obligated to pay them the associated CORe value, based
on a specified formula as stipulated in the advisor contract. The value of the CORe commitment will vary for blocks of business which have not been
released by an active advisor. The occurrence of future events that will trigger an advisor to release their block of business and the value of the
related CORe commitment at that future release date is difficult to predict. As a result of uncertainty in the timing of the triggering event, we cannot
reliably estimate our commitment under the CORe program. Due to the nature of the program, in the normal course of business, the commitment
related to the future payment to advisors on release of a block of business would be expected to be matched or partially matched by a
corresponding amount related to the receivable on the assignment of blocks of business to new advisors, resulting in an immaterial impact to
earnings and liquidity in any reporting period.

23.E Indemnities and Guarantees
In the normal course of our business, we have entered into agreements that include indemnities in favour of third parties, such as confidentiality
agreements, engagement letters with advisors and consultants, outsourcing agreements, leasing contracts, trade-mark licensing agreements,
underwriting and agency agreements, information technology agreements, distribution agreements, financing agreements, the sale of equity


                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 173
interests, and service agreements. These agreements may require us to compensate the counterparties for damages, losses or costs incurred by the
counterparties as a result of breaches in representation, changes in regulations (including tax matters), or as a result of litigation claims or statutory
sanctions that may be suffered by the counterparty as a consequence of the transaction. We have also agreed to indemnify our directors and certain
of our officers and employees in accordance with our by-laws. These indemnification provisions will vary based upon the nature and terms of the
agreements. In many cases, these indemnification provisions do not contain limits on our liability, and the occurrence of contingent events that will
trigger payment under these indemnities is difficult to predict. As a result, we cannot estimate our potential liability under these indemnities. We
believe that the likelihood of conditions arising that would trigger these indemnities is remote and, historically, we have not made any significant
payment under such indemnification provisions. In certain cases, we have recourse against third parties with respect to the aforesaid indemnities,
and we also maintain insurance policies that may provide coverage against certain of these claims.

In the normal course of our business, we have entered into purchase and sale agreements that include indemnities in favour of third parties. These
agreements may require us to compensate the counterparties for damages, losses, or costs incurred by the counterparties as a result of breaches in
representation. As at December 31, 2020, we are not aware of any breaches in representations that would result in any payment required under
these indemnities that would have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Guarantees made by us that can be quantified are included in Note 6.A.i.

23.F Guarantees of Sun Life Assurance Preferred Shares and Subordinated Debentures
SLF Inc. has provided a guarantee on the $150 of 6.30% subordinated debentures due 2028 issued by Sun Life Assurance. Claims under this
guarantee will rank equally with all other subordinated indebtedness of SLF Inc. SLF Inc. has also provided a subordinated guarantee of the preferred
shares issued by Sun Life Assurance from time to time, other than such preferred shares which are held by SLF Inc. and its affiliates. Sun Life
Assurance has no outstanding preferred shares subject to the guarantee. As a result of these guarantees, Sun Life Assurance is entitled to rely on
exemptive relief from most continuous disclosure and the certification requirements of Canadian securities laws.

The following tables set forth certain consolidating summary financial information for SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance (consolidated):
                                                                                                             Other
                                                                                      Sun Life       subsidiaries of
                                                                SLF Inc.            Assurance               SLF Inc.   Consolidation             SLF Inc.
Results for the years ended                            (unconsolidated)         (consolidated)          (combined)      adjustments       (consolidated)

December 31, 2020
Revenue                                                      $       266            $    35,801         $     9,430      $    (2,160)        $   43,337
Shareholders’ net income (loss)                              $     2,498            $     1,349         $     1,030      $    (2,379)        $    2,498

December 31, 2019
Revenue                                                      $       213            $    33,693         $     7,516      $    (1,743)        $   39,679
Shareholders’ net income (loss)                              $     2,713            $     1,750         $       881      $    (2,631)        $    2,713

                                                                                                             Other
                                                                                      Sun Life       subsidiaries of
                                                                SLF Inc.            Assurance               SLF Inc.   Consolidation             SLF Inc.
Assets and liabilities as at                           (unconsolidated)         (consolidated)          (combined)      adjustments       (consolidated)

December 31, 2020
Invested assets                                              $    26,019            $ 172,439           $    9,974       $ (30,520)          $ 177,912
Total other general fund assets                              $     7,800            $ 24,327            $   20,691       $ (33,640)          $ 19,178
Investments for account of segregated
   fund holders                                              $        —             $ 125,859           $       62       $      —            $ 125,921
Insurance contract liabilities                               $        —             $ 145,949           $   10,637       $ (10,813)          $ 145,773
Investment contract liabilities                              $        —             $   3,189           $       —        $      —            $   3,189
Total other general fund liabilities                         $     9,350            $ 25,920            $   13,741       $ (26,745)          $ 22,266

December 31, 2019
Invested assets                                              $    23,639            $ 152,512           $    8,552       $ (23,084)          $ 161,619
Total other general fund assets                              $     4,135            $ 24,000            $   11,955       $ (21,480)          $ 18,610
Investments for account of segregated
   fund holders                                              $        —             $ 116,918           $        55      $      —            $ 116,973
Insurance contract liabilities                               $        —             $ 131,428           $     9,644      $ (9,888)           $ 131,184
Investment contract liabilities                              $        —             $   3,116           $        —       $      —            $   3,116
Total other general fund liabilities                         $     4,376            $ 23,780            $     8,053      $ (14,788)          $ 21,421


23.G Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
We are regularly involved in legal actions, both as a defendant and as a plaintiff. Legal actions naming us as a defendant ordinarily involve our
activities as a provider of insurance protection and wealth management products, as an investor and investment advisor, and as an employer. In
addition, government and regulatory bodies in Canada, the U.S., the UK, and Asia, including federal, provincial, and state securities and insurance
regulators and government authorities, from time to time, make inquiries and require the production of information or conduct examinations or
investigations concerning our compliance with insurance, securities, and other laws.


174 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Provisions for legal proceedings related to insurance contracts, such as for disability and life insurance claims and the cost of litigation, are included
in Insurance contract liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Other provisions are established outside of the Insurance
contract liabilities if, in the opinion of management, it is both probable that a payment will be required and a reliable estimate can be made of the
amount of the obligation. Management reviews the status of all proceedings on an ongoing basis and exercises judgment in resolving them in such
manner as management believes to be in our best interest.

Two class action lawsuits have been filed against Sun Life Assurance in connection with sales practices relating to, and the administration of,
individual policies issued by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company ("MLIC"). These policies were assumed by Clarica when Clarica acquired the
bulk of MLIC’s Canadian operations in 1998 and subsequently assumed by Sun Life Assurance as a result of its amalgamation with Clarica. One of the
lawsuits (Fehr et al v Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada) is issued in Ontario and the other (Alamwala v Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada)
is in British Columbia. The Fehr action has been certified as a class action and notice will be made to class members during the first half of 2021. Sun
Life Assurance has brought a motion scheduled for mid-February 2022 for summary judgment seeking to dismiss all of the claims. The other action
(Alamwala v Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada) has remained largely dormant since it was commenced in 2011 and has not been certified. We
will continue to vigorously defend against the claims in these actions. In connection with the acquisition of the Canadian operations of MLIC, MLIC
agreed to indemnify Clarica for certain losses, including those incurred relating to the sales of its policies. Should either of the Fehr or the Alamwala
lawsuits result in a loss, Sun Life Assurance will seek recourse against MLIC under that indemnity through arbitration.

Management does not believe that the probable conclusion of any current legal or regulatory matter, either individually or in the aggregate, will
have a material adverse effect on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position or the Consolidated Statements of Operations.



24. Related Party Transactions
SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates transact business worldwide. All transactions between SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries have
been eliminated on consolidation. Transactions with joint ventures and associates, which are also related parties, are disclosed in Note 16.
Transactions between the Company and related parties are executed and priced on an arm’s-length basis in a manner similar to transactions with
third parties.

24.A Transactions with Key Management Personnel, Remuneration and Other Compensation
Key management personnel refers to the executive team and Board of Directors of SLF Inc. These individuals have the authority and responsibility
for planning, directing, and controlling the activities of the Company. The aggregate compensation to the executive team and directors are as
follows:

For the years ended December 31,                                                                   2020                                       2019
                                                                              Executive team                  Directors    Executive team                 Directors

Number of individuals                                                                        12                     10                   12                     10
Base salary and annual incentive compensation                                       $        18           $         —           $        17           $         —
Additional short-term benefits and other                                            $         1           $          1          $         1           $          1
Share-based long-term incentive compensation                                        $        23           $          2          $        22           $          2
Value of pension and post-retirement benefits                                       $         2           $         —           $         2           $         —


24.B Other Related Party Transactions
We provide investment management services for our pension plans. The services are provided on substantially the same terms as for comparable
transactions with third parties. We also hold units of investment funds managed by certain of our joint ventures. The carrying amount of our
investment in these funds is included in Note 16.D.



25. Pension Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits
We sponsor defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution plans for eligible employees. All of our material defined benefit plans worldwide
are closed to new entrants with new hires participating in defined contribution plans. Material defined benefit plans are located in Canada, the U.S.,
and the UK. The defined benefit pension plans offer benefits based on length of service and final average earnings and certain plans offer some
indexation of benefits. The specific features of these plans vary in accordance with the employee group and countries in which employees are
located. In addition, we maintain supplementary non-contributory defined benefit pension arrangements for eligible employees, which are primarily
for benefits which are in excess of local tax limits. As at December 31, 2014, there are no active members in the UK and the U.S. defined benefit
plans continuing to accrue future service benefits. On January 1, 2009, the Canadian defined benefit plans were closed to new employees. Canadian
employees hired before January 1, 2009 continue to earn future service benefits in the previous plans, which includes both defined benefit and
defined contribution components, while new hires since then are eligible to join a defined contribution plan. In addition, one small defined benefit
plan in the Philippines remains open to new hires.

Our funding policy for defined benefit pension plans is to make at least the minimum annual contributions required by regulations in the countries
in which the plans are offered. Our UK defined benefit pension scheme is governed by pension trustees. In other countries in which we operate, the
defined benefit pension arrangements are governed by local pension committees. Significant plan changes require the approval of the Board of
Directors of the sponsoring subsidiary of SLF Inc.

                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 175
We also established defined contribution plans for eligible employees. Our contributions to these defined contribution pension plans may be subject
to certain vesting requirements. Generally, our contributions are a set percentage of employees’ annual income and may be a set percentage of
employee contributions, up to specified levels.

In addition to our pension plans, in Canada and the U.S., we provide certain post-retirement health care and life insurance benefits to eligible
employees and to their dependents upon meeting certain requirements. Eligible retirees may be required to pay a portion of the premiums for
these benefits and, in general, deductible amounts and co-insurance percentages apply to benefit payments. These post-retirement benefits are not
pre-funded. In Canada, certain post-retirement health care and life insurance benefits are provided for eligible employees who retired before
December 31, 2015. Eligible employees in Canada who retire after December 31, 2015 will have access to voluntary retiree-paid health care
coverage. In the U.S., certain post-retirement health care and life insurance benefits are provided to eligible retirees. In the U.S., employees who
were not age 50 with 10 years of service as of December 31, 2015 only have access to subsidized retiree health care coverage until eligible for
Medicare. Eligible existing and future retirees and covered dependents eligible for Medicare receive an annual contribution to a health
reimbursement account to be applied against individual coverage and other eligible expenses.

25.A Risks Associated with Employee Defined Benefit Plans
With the closure of the material defined benefit pension and retiree benefit plans to new entrants, the volatility associated with future service
accruals for active members has been limited and will decline over time.

The major risks remaining in relation to past service obligations are increases in liabilities due to a decline in discount rates, greater life expectancy
than assumed and adverse asset returns. We have significantly de-risked the investments of our material defined benefit pension plans Company-
wide by shifting the pension asset mix away from equities and into more fixed income and liability-matching investments. In 2018, the risk in our UK
pension plan was reduced through a buy-in insurance contract protecting the majority of pensioner benefits. The target for our material funded
defined benefit plans is to minimize volatility in funded status arising from changes in discount rates and exposure to equity markets.




176 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
25.B Defined Benefit Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefit Plans
The following tables set forth the status of the defined benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit plans:

                                                                               2020                                                   2019
                                                                            Other post-                                            Other post-
                                                              Pension       retirement                    Total       Pension      retirement                Total

Change in defined benefit obligations:
   Defined benefit obligation, January 1                 $       3,805       $        279       $     4,084       $    3,458        $      262        $     3,720
   Current service cost                                             58                  6                64               52                 5                 57
   Interest cost                                                   110                  9               119              123                10                133
   Actuarial losses (gains)                                        278                 (1)              277              360                20                380
   Benefits paid                                                  (184)               (14)             (198)            (158)              (14)              (172)
   Curtailment losses (gains)                                       —                  —                 —                 1                —                   1
   Settlements                                                      (5)                —                 (5)               —                 —                  —
   Foreign exchange rate movement                                   (2)                (2)               (4)              (31)               (4)               (35)
Defined benefit obligation, December 31                  $       4,060       $        277       $     4,337       $    3,805        $      279        $     4,084

Change in plan assets:
   Fair value of plan assets, January 1                  $       3,596       $         —        $     3,596       $    3,253        $        —        $     3,253
   Administrative expense                                           (1)                —                 (1)              (1)                —                 (1)
   Interest income on plan assets                                  102                 —                102              115                 —                115
   Return on plan assets (excluding amounts
     included in net interest expense)                             305                 —                   305           306                 —                306
   Employer contributions                                           97                 14                  111           111                 14               125
   Benefits paid                                                  (184)               (14)                (198)         (158)               (14)             (172)
   Settlements                                                      (7)                —                    (7)           —                  —                 —
   Foreign exchange rate movement                                    1                 —                     1           (30)                —                (30)
Fair value of plan assets, December 31                   $      3,909        $         —        $     3,909       $    3,596       $         —        $     3,596
Amounts recognized on Statement of Financial
 Position:
    Fair value of plan assets                            $       3,909       $         —        $     3,909       $     3,596      $         —        $     3,596
    Defined benefit (obligation)                                (4,060)              (277)           (4,337)           (3,805)             (279)           (4,084)
Net recognized (liability) asset, December 31            $        (151)      $       (277)      $         (428)   $     (209)      $       (279)      $      (488)

Components of net benefit expense recognized:
  Current service cost                                   $          58       $         6        $           64    $       52       $          5       $        57
  Administrative expense                                             1                 —                     1             1                 —                  1
  Net interest expense (income)                                      8                 9                    17             8                 10                18
  Curtailment losses (gains)                                        —                  —                    —              1                 —                  1
  Settlements                                                        2                 —                     2             —                 —                  —
  Other long-term employee benefit losses (gains)                   —                  —                    —              —                  5                  5
Net benefit expense                                      $          69       $         15       $           84    $       62        $        20       $        82

Remeasurement of net recognized (liability) asset:
  Return on plan assets (excluding amounts
    included in net interest expense)                    $         305       $         —        $          305    $      306        $        —        $       306
  Actuarial gains (losses) arising from changes in
    demographic assumptions                                          (3)                2                   (1)           28                  1                29
  Actuarial gains (losses) arising from changes in
    financial assumptions                                         (278)               (19)                (297)         (393)               (18)             (411)
  Actuarial gains (losses) arising from experience
    adjustments                                                     3                  18                   21              5                 2                  7
  Foreign exchange rate movement                                    —                   2                    2              2                 4                  6
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in
 Other comprehensive income (loss)                       $          27       $          3       $           30    $       (52)     $        (11)      $        (63)




                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements               Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 177
25.C Principal Assumptions for Significant Plans
                                                                                       2020                                                     2019
                                                                  Canada %               UK %               U.S. %      Canada %                  UK %          U.S. %

 To determine defined benefit obligation at end of year:
    Discount rate for pension plans                            2.70                        1.30              2.65            3.00                  2.00           3.45
    Rate of compensation increase                              2.80                         n/a               n/a            3.00                   n/a            n/a
    Pension increases                                     0.00-0.05                        2.95               n/a       0.00-0.15                  2.95            n/a
 To determine net benefit expense for year:
    Discount rate for pension plans                            3.00                        2.00              3.45            3.60                  2.85           4.40
    Rate of compensation increase                              3.00                         n/a               n/a            3.00                   n/a            n/a
    Pension increases                                    0.00-0.015                        2.95               n/a       0.00-0.15                  3.15            n/a
 Health care trend rates:
    Initial health care trend rate                             5.30                         n/a              6.50            5.36                   n/a           6.50
    Ultimate health care trend rate                            4.00                         n/a              5.00            4.50                   n/a           5.00
    Year ultimate health care trend rate reached               2040                         n/a              2025            2030                   n/a           2025

                                                                                       2020                                                     2019
                                                                     Canada                UK                 U.S.         Canada                      UK          U.S.

 Mortality rates:
    Life expectancy (in years) for individuals
      currently at age 65:
        Male                                                               23                 23               22               23                     23           22
        Female                                                             25                 25               23               25                     24           24
    Life expectancy (in years) at 65 for individuals
      currently at age 45:
        Male                                                               24                25                23               24                   25             24
        Female                                                             26                27                25               26                   27             25
 Average duration (in years) of pension obligation                       17.2              17.7              12.7             16.7                 16.6           13.4


Discount Rate, Rate of Compensation Increase and Health Care Cost
The major economic assumptions which are used in determining the actuarial present value of the accrued benefit obligations vary by country.

The discount rate assumption used for material plans is determined by reference to the market yields, as of December 31, of high-quality corporate
bonds that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related obligation. In countries where a deep corporate market does not exist,
government bonds are used. Compensation and health care trend assumptions are based on expected long-term trend assumptions which may
differ from actual results.

25.D Sensitivity of Key Assumptions
The following table provides the potential impact of changes in key assumptions on the defined benefit obligation for pension and other post-
retirement benefit plans as at December 31, 2020. These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. The impact of changes in
each key assumption may result in greater than proportional changes in sensitivities.
                                                                                                                                                                  Post-
                                                                                                                                                            retirement
                                                                                                                                                Pension        benefits
                                        (1)
 Interest/discount rate sensitivity:
     1% decrease                                                                                                                            $      754      $       34
     1% increase                                                                                                                            $     (586)     $      (29)
 Rate of compensation increase assumption:
     1% decrease                                                                                                                            $      (82)            n/a
     1% increase                                                                                                                            $       86             n/a
 Health care trend rate assumption:
     1% decrease                                                                                                                                    n/a     $      (13)
     1% increase                                                                                                                                    n/a     $       15
 Mortality rates:(2)
     10% decrease                                                                                                                           $          98   $        6
(1)
      Represents a parallel shift in interest rates across the entire yield curve, resulting in a change in the discount rate assumption.
(2)
      Represents 10% decrease in mortality rates at each age.




178 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
25.E Fair Value of Plan Assets
Composition of fair value of plan assets, December 31:
                                                                                                                                     2020                  2019

 Equity investments                                                                                                                   3%                    3%
 Fixed income investments                                                                                                            73%                   77%
 Real estate investments                                                                                                              7%                    7%
 Qualifying insurance contract                                                                                                        8%                    8%
 Other                                                                                                                                9%                    5%
 Total composition of fair value of plan assets                                                                                     100%                  100%

The fair value of our equity investments in 2020 and 2019 are consistent with Level 1 or Level 2 fair value hierarchy. In 2020, 2% of our fixed income
investments (3% in 2019) are determined based on valuation techniques consistent with Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

The assets of the defined benefit pension plans are primarily held in trust for plan members, and are managed within the provisions of each plan’s
investment policies and procedures. Diversification of the investments is used to limit credit, market, and foreign currency risks. We have
significantly de-risked the investments of our material defined benefit pension plans by shifting the pension asset mix away from equities and into
more fixed income and liability-matching investments. In 2018, the risk in our UK pension plan was reduced through a buy-in insurance contract,
protecting the majority of pensioner benefits. The long-term investment objectives of the defined benefit pension plans are to equal or exceed the
rate of growth of the liabilities. Over shorter periods, the objective of the defined benefit pension plan investment strategy is to minimize volatility
in the funded status. Liquidity is managed with consideration to the cash flow requirements of the liabilities.

25.F Future Cash Flows
The following tables set forth the expected contributions and expected future benefit payments of the defined benefit pension and other post-
retirement benefit plans:
                                                                                                    Pension Post-retirement                  Total
 Expected contributions for the next 12 months                                                              $    84           $        16           $       100


Expected Future Benefit Payments
                                                   2021                2022                   2023              2024                 2025        2026 to 2030

 Pension                                     $      153          $      149            $       159          $   161           $       167           $       899
 Post-retirement                                     16                  16                     17               17                    18                    93
 Total                                       $      169          $      165            $       176          $   178           $       185           $       992


25.G Defined Contribution Plans
We expensed $144 in 2020 ($131 for 2019) with respect to defined contribution plans.



 26. Earnings (Loss) Per Share
Details of the calculation of the net income (loss) and the weighted average number of shares used in the earnings per share computations are as
follows:

 For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                    2020                  2019

 Common shareholders’ net income (loss) for basic earnings per share                                                          $     2,404           $     2,618
 Add: Increase in income due to convertible instruments(1)                                                                             10                    10
 Common shareholders’ net income (loss) on a diluted basis                                                                    $     2,414           $     2,628

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding for basic earnings per share (in millions)                                      585                   592
 Add: Dilutive impact of stock options(2) (in millions)                                                                                —                      1
      Dilutive impact of convertible instruments(1) (in millions)                                                                       4                     4
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding on a diluted basis (in millions)                                                589                  597
 Basic earnings (loss) per share                                                                                              $      4.11           $      4.42
 Diluted earnings (loss) per share                                                                                            $      4.10           $      4.40
(1)
      The convertible instruments are the SLEECS B issued by SLCT I.
(2)
      Excludes the impact of 1 million stock options for the year ended December 31, 2020 (1 million for the year ended December 31, 2019) because these
      stock options were anti-dilutive for the period.




                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements           Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020 179
27. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes, are as follows:

                                                                                       2020                                           2019
                                                                     Balance,        Other                Balance,       Balance,        Other       Balance,
                                                                   beginning comprehensive                  end of     beginning comprehensive         end of
For the years ended December 31,                                    of period  income (loss)               period       of period  income (loss)      period

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income:
   Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses), net
     of hedging activities                                          $ 1,359              $    (204)       $ 1,155      $ 1,923         $     (564)   $ 1,359
   Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale assets               313                    319            632          (56)               369        313
   Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                         (7)                    (6)           (13)         (21)                14         (7)
   Share of other comprehensive income (loss) in joint
     ventures and associates                                               (33)                     (9)         (42)         (24)              (9)         (33)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to income:
   Remeasurement of defined benefit plans                                (305)                  22            (283)         (263)             (42)        (305)
   Revaluation surplus on transfers to investment properties              145                   —              145           145               —           145
Total                                                               $ 1,472              $     122        $ 1,594      $ 1,704         $     (232)   $ 1,472

Total attributable to:
   Participating policyholders                                      $      11            $      (6)       $       5    $      14       $       (3)   $      11
   Shareholders                                                         1,461                  128            1,589        1,690             (229)       1,461
Total                                                               $ 1,472              $     122        $ 1,594      $ 1,704         $     (232)   $ 1,472




28. Subsequent Events
On November 18, 2020, we entered into a 15-year exclusive bancassurance partnership with Asia Commercial Joint Stock Bank ("ACB") effective
January 1, 2021. The partnership significantly expands our distribution capabilities and supports our ambition to be a leader in Asia through
distribution excellence in higher growth markets. An initial payment of approximately $472 was made in January 2021, based on the contractual
terms of the agreement. The initial payment will be capitalized as an intangible asset and will be amortized over the life of the contract based on a
units-of-production method.

On December 21, 2020, SLF Inc. announced its intention to redeem all of the outstanding $350 principal amount of Series 2016-1 Subordinated
Unsecured 3.10% Fixed/Floating Debentures (the "Debentures") in accordance with the redemption terms attached to the Debentures. The
redemption will be funded from existing cash and liquid assets. The Debentures are redeemable at SLF Inc.'s option on or after February 19, 2021 at
a redemption price per Debenture equal to the principal amount together with accrued and unpaid interest to the date of the redemption. SLF Inc.
intends to redeem the Debentures on February 19, 2021.

On January 5, 2021, we purchased 51% of Crescent Capital Group LP ("Crescent"), a U.S. based global alternative credit investment manager.
Crescent will form part of our Asset Management business segment. On January 5, 2021, total cash consideration of $308 cash was paid. The
acquisition will extend SLC Management's solutions in alternative credit, which will benefit existing and prospective clients. Crescent minority
shareholders also have the option to require us to purchase their shares ("put option") in 2026. We have a call option to acquire the remaining
outstanding shares held by these minority shareholders commencing in 2026. The fair value of the put option liability will be accounted for as “other
financial liabilities” and any excess over the carrying amounts arising from transactions relating to non-controlling shareholders recorded as a
reduction to retained earnings. The agreement also includes contingent payment based on the achievement of certain milestones. Due to the recent
close of this transaction, the fair value determination and purchase accounting have not been completed.




180 Sun Life Financial Inc. Annual Report 2020         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
