2022
ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS
Business Overview                                   2

Management Discussion and Analysis                  51

Directors, Senior Management and Employees          89

Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions   101

Other Information for Shareholders                  104

Exemptions and Waivers                              136

Risk Factors                                        139

Definitions                                         207

Independent Auditor’s Report                        211

Consolidated Financial Statements                   217

Further Information                                 288
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW

    We are a leading, fast-growing multi-brand hotel group in China with international operations. Our
    hotels are operated under three different models: leased and owned, franchised, and franchised hotels
    that we operate under management contracts, which we refer to as “manachised.” We expanded our
    hotel network from 6,789 hotels as of December 31, 2020 to 8,543 hotels as of December 31, 2022,
    representing a CAGR of 12.2%. As of December 31, 2022, we had 8,543 hotels in operation, including 704
    leased and owned hotels and 7,839 manachised and franchised hotels, with an aggregate of 809,478
    hotel rooms. As of the same date, we were developing an additional 2,580 hotels, including 40 leased and
    owned hotels and 2,540 manachised and franchised hotels.


    Brands are the bedrock of our success. In over a decade, we grew from an economy hotel chain to a
    multi-brand hotel group covering the full spectrum of market segments. Leveraging our consumer
    insights and our capability to deliver innovative and trend-setting products, we now operate a portfolio of
    over 20 distinct hotel brands.


    We have developed a vast base of loyal and engaged customers under our H Rewards loyalty program.
    H Rewards covers all of our brands and had more than 199 million members as of December 31, 2022.
    We engage with program members through multiple online and offline touch points to personalize their
    lodging experiences and foster strong and long-lasting relationships that inspire loyalty to our brands.
    H Rewards is a powerful distribution platform, enabling us to conduct lower-cost, targeted marketing
    campaigns and maintain a high percentage of direct sales to customers. In 2022, approximately 76%
    of our room-nights were sold to customers who were individual or corporate H Rewards members in
    legacy Huazhu. In the same year, approximately 87% of our room-nights were sold through our own sales
    channels.


    We have developed industry-leading, proprietary technology infrastructure that enhances customer
    experience, increases our operational efficiency, and supports our fast growth. The core of this
    infrastructure is a comprehensive suite of modularized applications, including a cloud-based property
    management system and centralized reservation, procurement and revenue management systems.
    Leveraging our operational experience and technological capabilities, we have built a centralized shared
    service center and realized the economies of scale made possible through our sizable hotel operations.
    We have also undertaken a series of industry-first digitalization initiatives to optimize our hotels’
    operational efficiency and cost structure and operate “smart” hotels. Our digital transformation initiative,
    the “Easy” series, has increased the speed and efficiency of our hotels’ entire business processes, from
    the moment a reservation is made until a guest checks out.




2   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Leveraging our strong brand recognition, massive member traffic, and robust technology infrastructure,
we have pioneered a business operating system designed to enhance hotel operations across all
fronts. Our business operating system is the result of our years of industry know-how, and it includes
innovative ideas that are first tested and refined by our leased and owned business. Subsequently, these
ideas can be “plugged-and-played” by our franchisees with confidence, thus allowing us to effectively
expand our hotel network in an asset-light manner. We added a net 1,754 hotels (including 12 hotels
under legacy DH) from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2022, 1,803 of which were manachised and
franchised hotels. Apart from receiving franchise fees for these hotels, we also share our technology
infrastructure and our vast customers base with our franchisees. In addition to extending our expertise
to our manachised and franchised hotels, we can also monetize our core competencies by offering
standardized and tailored SaaS and IT solutions to other hotel operators, real estate companies and
service apartment providers. We believe that our distinct approach to hospitality has helped us establish
a highly differentiated business model that balances scale, quality and returns.


We recorded outstanding financial performance in the past, although our financial performance has
recently been adversely affected by COVID-19 since 2020 and was also affected by exchange loss as
a result of the Euro’s depreciation in 2022. Our total revenue was RMB10,196 million, RMB12,785
million and RMB13,862 million (US$2,010 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. We had net loss
attributable to H World Group of RMB2,192 million, RMB465 million and RMB1,821 million (US$264
million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Our adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) amounted to negative
RMB244 million, RMB1,571 million and RMB610 million (US$88 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022,
respectively. Our net cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB609 million, RMB1,342
million and RMB1,564 million (US$227 million) in these respective periods.


We believe that our core competencies and proven business model well-position us to increase our share
in the expanding global lodging industry and continue to deliver encouraging financial performance.


OUR BRANDS AND PRODUCTS
As of the date of this annual report, we have hotels in operation or under development under the
following brands, which are designed to target distinct segments of customers:


•     Economy hotel brands: HanTing Hotel, Ni Hao Hotel, Hi Inn, Elan Hotel, Zleep Hotels and Ibis
      Hotel;


•     Midscale hotel brands: JI Hotel, Orange Hotel, Starway Hotel and Ibis Styles Hotel;


•     Upper midscale hotel brands: Crystal Orange Hotel, IntercityHotel, Manxin Hotel, Mercure Hotel,
      Madison Hotel, Novotel Hotel, CitiGO Hotel and MAXX by Steigenberger;


•     Upscale hotel brands: Joya Hotel, Blossom House, Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts, Jaz in the City,
      and Grand Mercure; and


•     Luxury hotel brand: Steigenberger Icon and Song Hotels.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   3
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW


    We have entered into brand franchise agreements with Accor and enjoy exclusive franchise rights
    in respect of Mercure Hotel , Ibis Hotel and Ibis Styles Hotel in the PRC, Taiwan and Mongolia and
    non-exclusive franchise rights in respect of Grand Mercure and Novotel Hotel in the PRC, Taiwan
    and Mongolia. Through our acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality, we have obtained exclusive rights to
    construct, operate, manage, franchise and license hotels under the Jaz in the City brand in China, South
    East Asia, Japan, South Korea and Europe subject to certain exceptions, and non-exclusive rights to
    operate, manage, franchise and license certain number of hotels under the Jaz in the City brand in
    certain other countries and regions, such as Tunisia, Cape Verde, the UAE and Egypt.


    As of December 31, 2022, we also operated ten other hotels, including partner hotels under Deutsche
    Hospitality and other hotels under other hotel brands in Yongle Huazhu Hotel & Resort Group.


    We believe that our multi-brand strategy provides us with a competitive advantage to open more hotels
    in attractive markets, capture a wider range of customers with evolving lodging preferences and needs
    thereby achieving greater economies of scale through shared platforms.


    ECONOMY HOTEL BRANDS
    HanTing Hotel
    Launched in 2005, HanTing Hotel is our starting brand and our economy hotel product with the value
    proposition of “Quality, Convenience and Value.” HanTing Hotels also include hotels we previously
    marketed under the name of Hanting Premium Hotels . These hotels are “close neighbors” of 1.4 billion
    Chinese people. As of December 31, 2022, we had 3,257 HanTing Hotels in operation and an additional
    652 HanTing Hotels under development.


    Ni Hao Hotel
    Ni Hao Hotel is our economy hotel product targeting young customers. By digitalizing and standardizing
    independent hotels, it helps improve their operational efficiency while maintaining their individual
    features. Ni Hao Hotels provide clean and comfortable lodging experiences to the guests at affordable
    prices. Ni Hao Hotel is committed to creating a “happy planet” for young travelers. As of December 31,
    2022, we had 199 Ni Hao Hotels under development and had 159 Ni Hao Hotels in operation.


    Hi Inn
    Launched in late 2008 and originally marketed under the name of HanTing Hi Inn, Hi Inn is our economy
    hotel product committed to support self-help service. With the tenet of “freedom of lodging for all,” Hi Inn
    has carefully selected the streets and alleys of cities, reasonably planned every inch of space, and met
    the needs of practical people on leisure vacations and business trips with self-help services, devoting
    itself to making every traveler feel free, wise, practical and green lodging experience. As of December 31,
    2022, we had 456 Hi Inns in operation and an additional 170 Hi Inns under development.




4   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



Elan Hotel
In September 2014, we launched Elan Hotel . Elan Hotel is our economy hotel product committed to
improving the operating efficiency of individual micro, small – and medium-sized economy hotels. With
the continuing upgrade of accommodations and services, these hotels provide a high quality experience
for young customers. As of December 31, 2022, we had 836 Elan Hotels in operation. No Elan Hotels was
under development as of the same date.


Ibis Hotel
Ibis Hotel is an economy hotel brand that is recognized across the world for its quality, reliability and
commitment to the environment. It has created complex public spaces, specialty cocktails, Ibis Croissant
and other specialty dining, and is known worldwide for its comfortable, stylish and energetic brand
tonality. As of December 31, 2022, we had 222 Ibis Hotels in operation and an additional 32 Ibis Hotels
under development.


Zleep Hotels
Zleep Hotels , our economy hotel brand, is a well-known and successful hotel brand in Scandinavia
offering service and design at a great rate. As of December 31, 2022, we had 18 Zleep Hotels in operation
and an additional 13 Zleep Hotels under development.


MIDSCALE HOTEL BRANDS
JI Hotel
JI Hotel is a midscale brand that we launched in 2010. JI Hotel creates a quality experience through
friendly services to make more people feel the natural decency of the Orient and enhance the quality of
life on the journey for customers. Its brand purpose is to make customers feel the natural decency of the
Orient, and its brand philosophy focuses on Orient, Moderation and Culture. As of December 31, 2022, we
had 1,694 JI Hotels in operation and an additional 611 JI Hotels under development.


Orange Hotel
Orange Hotel , previously marketed under two brand names: Orange Hotel and Orange Select Hotel, is
our midscale hotel brand. With healthy lifestyle and attitude, energetic and bright hotel products and
services, Orange Hotel meets the lifestyle and consumption needs of the contemporary middle class. In
terms of space design, Orange Hotel adopts the theme of California sunshine, emphasizes on returning
to the essence of “Orange,” hoping that everyone who enters the hotel can enjoy life with a healthy and
energetic attitude. As of December 31, 2022, we had 519 Orange Hotels in operation and an additional
261 Orange Hotels under development.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   5
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW



    Starway Hotel
    Starway Hotel is our select local specialty hotel brand. Comfortable sleeping system, preferred special
    breakfast, convenient intelligent services and laundry and other supporting facilities are available to
    meet personalized travel needs. As of December 31, 2022, we had 567 Starway Hotels in operation and
    an additional 242 Starway Hotels under development.


    Ibis Styles Hotel
    Ibis Styles Hotel is a midscale brand that offers comfortable and designer hotels. Ibis Styles Hotel
    advocates one-hotel-one-design, with each hotel choosing a different story theme to create creative
    spaces through a fun and premium design approach that is eye-catching. The different style collections
    of Ibis Styles Hotel can cater to the accommodation needs of different people, covering not only business
    and vacation, but also attracting the innovative Z-Generations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 85 Ibis
    Styles Hotels in operation and an additional 25 Ibis Styles Hotels under development.


    UPPER MIDSCALE HOTEL BRANDS
    Crystal Orange Hotel
    Crystal Orange Hotel is our upper midscale hotel brand featuring boutique design hotels. Crystal Orange
    Hotel has launched a new version, targeting the upper midscale segment market and empowering
    customers with a five-star quality experience at a four-star price. The “New Crystal” returns to the
    essence and purity, using walnut, antique copper and glass elements to create a more textured and
    premium space atmosphere. As of December 31, 2022, we had 164 Crystal Orange Hotels in operation
    and an additional 57 Crystal Orange Hotels under development.


    IntercityHotel
    IntercityHotel is our upper midscale urban hotel brand targeting business travelers. The hotels of
    IntercityHotel are usually located within walking distance of train stations or airports. In the future,
    IntercityHotel will once again break through the city edge and become not only a local city landmark, but
    also a perfect starting point for customers to do business and explore the city. As of December 31, 2022,
    we had 56 IntercityHotels in operation and an additional 25 IntercityHotels under development, including
    five hotels in operation and eleven pipeline hotels in China.


    Manxin Hotel
    Manxin Hotel was launched as an upper midscale brand of resorts in October 2013, and was previously
    branded as Manxin Hotel & Resorts. Nowadays Manxin Hotel has become a brand with city hotels and
    resorts. Manxin Hotel is aimed at bringing the guests a distinct experience by presenting amazing space
    design and offering attractive activities. Manxin Hotel incorporates localized features into the design and
    experience, and is a must-stay upper midscale hotel for urban exploration, with both business and travel
    features. As of December 31, 2022, we had 112 Manxin Hotels in operation and an additional 59 Manxin
    Hotels under development.




6   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



Mercure Hotel
Mercure Hotel is an upper midscale hotel brand that combines the French romantic and elegant lifestyle
with a strong quality commitment with the warm experiences of hotels that are rooted in their local
community. As of December 31, 2022, we had 137 Mercure Hotels in operation and an additional 62
Mercure Hotels under development.


Madison Hotel
We launched our new upper midscale hotel brands Madison Hotel and Grand Madison Hotel in 2019,
which are committed to offering guests a classic lodging experience. In 2020, we merged the Grand
Madison Hotel brand into the Madison Hotel brand. These hotels target business and leisure guests
with high lodging standards and desire to understand more of the cities they are traveling in, and offer
comfortable accommodations, functional furnishings and facilities, and high-quality services. As of
December 31, 2022, we had 52 Madison Hotels in operation, and an additional 64 Madison Hotels under
development.


Novotel Hotel
Novotel is an upper midscale brand that provides a multi-service offering for both business and leisure
guests, with spacious, modular rooms, 24/7 catering offers with balanced meals, meeting rooms,
attentive and proactive staff, kid areas, multi-purpose lobbies and fitness centers. These hotels are
typically located in the heart of major international cities, business districts and tourist destinations. As
of December 31, 2022, we had 17 Novotel Hotels in operation and an additional 19 Novotel Hotels under
development.


CitiGO Hotel
CitiGO Hotel is a lifestyle brand that mainly targets young people. Crafted by internationally prestigious
designers, CitiGO blends travel, sports and urban culture together to provide guests with unique lodging
experience. With the concept of entry lux, fashion, social life and fun, CitiGO offers trendy hospitality
with affordable price. The hotel restaurant provides extra-long breakfast from 7:00 am to 12:00 pm,
fresh coffee, craft beer and free late-night snack. As of December 31, 2022, we had 33 CitiGO Hotels in
operation, and an additional seven CitiGO Hotels under development.


MAXX by Steigenberger
MAXX by Steigenberger , our upper midscale hotel brand, is a new, charismatic concept and focuses on
creating a warm, feel-good atmosphere in all destinations. MAXX by Steigenberger inherits the European
model and integrates insights into the local market, focusing on the core needs of sleep, bathroom
and breakfast, with quality facilities, subtle style, superb hospitality and social circle as the emphasis,
providing customers with a new, luxurious accommodation experience. As of December 31, 2022,
we had nine MAXX by Steigenberger hotels in operation (including three in China) and eight MAXX by
Steigenberger hotel under development in China.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   7
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW



    UPSCALE HOTEL BRANDS
    Joya Hotel
    In December 2013, we launched our upscale brand Joya Hotel . These hotels are typically located in areas
    close to major business and commercial districts in first – and second-tier cities. With the new Chinese-
    style design and diversified service features, Joya Hotel creates a hotel space more in line with the
    Chinese culture and lifestyle. As of December 31, 2022, we had eight Joya Hotels in operation and one
    Joya Hotel under development.


    Blossom House
    Blossom House, launched in Lijiang, China in 2009, previously branded Blossom Hill Hotels & Resorts,
    is our upscale lifestyle and resort brand targeting affluent travelers. With the unique brand connotation
    of Chinese culture and regional culture and creativity, Blossom House hotels have created three resort
    types: urban resort lifestyle hotel, themed country club and mega-resort. As of December 31, 2022,
    we have 53 Blossom House hotels in operation and an additional 49 Blossom House hotels under
    development.


    Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts
    Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts is our upscale brand originated in Germany. With high-quality facilities
    and services and unique entertainment resources, Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts provides guests
    with a super high-end experience of high-quality conference services, high-quality leisure and quality
    meals to meet the diverse needs of guests’ various activities. As of December 31, 2022, we had 54
    Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts in operation and an additional eight Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts
    under development, including 11 hotels in operation and three pipeline hotels in China.


    Jaz in the City
    Jaz in the City is our upscale lifestyle brand. Jaz in the City branded hotels reflect metropolitan lifestyle
    and draw upon the local music and cultural scene. As of December 31, 2022, we have three Jaz in the
    City hotels in operation and one Jaz in the City hotel under development.


    Grand Mercure
    Grand Mercure offers guests an imaginative, discovery-filled hotel experience, a fresh and engaging stay
    that attracts visitors from around the world. Deeply rooted in its destinations, Grand Mercure offers an
    elegant and immersive cultural experience through warm, attentive staff who tell vivid stories and take
    guests on a journey through the traditions of fine dining and high-end hospitality. As of December 31,
    2022, we had seven Grand Mercure Hotels in operation and an additional five Grand Mercure Hotels
    under development.




8   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                              BUSINESS OVERVIEW



LUXURY HOTEL BRAND
Steigenberger Icon
Steigenberger Icon is our first brand under luxury level, a prestigious level we granted only to our most
legendary Steigenberger hotels. For its signature premium service and spiritual and cultural appeals,
Steigenberger Icon has become the top choice for royalty, celebrities, dignitaries, talents and superstars
to stay. As of December 31, 2022, we had nine Steigenberger Icon Hotels in operation (including three in
China) and one Steigenberger Icon Hotel under development.


Song Hotels
Song Hotels is our luxury hotel brand designed for high-end vacation experience. The development of this
brand is inspired by culture and the delicate aesthetics from Song dynasty. Song hotels convey a leisure
and elegant lifestyle to its guests through the use of the exquisite decoration and meticulous service.
As of December 31, 2022, we had six Song Hotels in operation and additional four Song Hotels under
development.


OUR HOTEL NETWORK
We operate hotels under lease and ownership, manachise and franchise models. Under the lease and
ownership model, we directly operate hotels located primarily on leased properties, as well as on owned
properties. Under the manachise model, we manage manachised hotels through the on-site hotel
managers we appoint and collect fees from franchisees. Under the franchise model, we collect fees from
franchisees but do not appoint on-site hotel managers. We have adopted a disciplined return-driven
development model aimed at achieving high growth and profitability and applied consistent operational
and quality standards across all of our hotels.


Our hotel network has grown rapidly. The following table sets forth the number of hotels we operated as
of the dates indicated.


                                                           As of December 31,
                          2012    2013    2014    2015    2016    2017      2018    2019    2020    2021    2022

Leased and owned hotels    465     565     611     616     624     671       699     688     753     738     704
Manachised hotels          516     835    1,376   2,067   2,471   2,874    3,309   4,519   5,746   6,824   7,617
Franchised hotels           54      25       8      80     174     201       222     411     290     268     222
Total                     1,035   1,425   1,995   2,763   3,269   3,746    4,230   5,618   6,789   7,830   8,543


As of December 31, 2022, our hotel network covered 8,543 hotels spanning 882 cities in 31 provinces
and municipalities across the greater China region and 17 other countries, and we also had a pipeline of
hotels in these countries and regions. As of December 31, 2022, we had an additional 2,580 leased and
owned as well as manachised and franchised hotels under development.




                                                                          H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   9
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     The following table sets forth a summary of all of our hotels by geographic region as of December 31,
     2022.


                                                                                                      Leased and            Manachised
                                              Leased and                                           Owned Hotels         and Franchised
                                                    Owned      Manachised        Franchised                 Under          Hotels Under
                                                  Hotels(2)         Hotels(3)        Hotels(3)    Development(4)         Development(4)
     Greater China:
       Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou,
           Shenzhen and Hangzhou                        238            1,620               74                     6                      220
       Others (including Taiwan)    (5)
                                                        384            5,967              126                     8                 2,309
       Subtotal                                         622            7,587              200                    14                 2,529


     Outside Greater China:
       Europe                                            81                13              11                    26                        6
       Other countries(6)                                  1               17              11                     0                        5
       Subtotal                                          82                30              22                    26                       11
     Total                                              704            7,617              222                    40                 2,540


     (1)     The data in this table include hotels under temporary requisition and hotels temporarily closed following the outbreak of
             COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022, we had 572 hotels under temporary requisition in China.

     (2)     Include 81 leased hotels operated by Deutsche Hospitality and 623 leased and owned hotels operated by the rest of our Group.

     (3)     Include 51 manachised and franchised hotels operated by Deutsche Hospitality and 7,788 manachised and franchised hotels
             operated by the rest of our Group.


     (4)     Include hotels for which we have entered into binding leases, purchase agreements of land use right or property, or franchise
             agreements but that have not yet commenced operations. The inactive projects are excluded from this list according to
             management judgment.

     (5)     For our hotels in operation, include 877 cities across 29 provinces and municipalities; for our hotels under development,
             include 784 cities across 30 provinces and municipalities (including Taiwan).

     (6)     For our hotels in operation, include Tunisia, Egypt, the UAE, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Qatar and Mongolia; for our hotels
             under development, include Oman, the UAE, India, Cambodia and Uzbekistan.




10   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                             BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The following table sets forth the status of our hotels under development as of December 31, 2022.


                                                                    Pre-conversion             Conversion
                                                                              Period   (1)
                                                                                                   Period(2)                 Total

Leased and owned hotels                                                              34                     6                   40
Manachised and franchised hotels                                                 1,790                   750                2,540
Total                                                                            1,824                   756                2,580


(1)     Includes hotels for which we have entered into binding leases or franchise agreements but of which the property has not been
        delivered by the respective lessors or property owners, as the case may be. The inactive projects are excluded from this list
        according to management judgment.

(2)     Includes hotels for which we have commenced conversion activities but that have not yet commenced operations. The inactive
        projects are excluded from this list according to management judgment.


Among the 40 leased and owned hotels under development as of December 31, 2022, we had 34 leased
and owned hotels during pre-conversion period, for which we have entered into binding leases but of
which the property has not been delivered by the respective lessors, and had 6 leased and owned hotels
during the conversion period, for which we have commenced conversion activities but that have not yet
commenced operations. The anticipated completion dates for these leased and owned hotels during
the conversion period range from January 2023 to December 2023. Total budgeted development costs
for these leased and owned hotels during the conversion period, which primarily include construction
costs for leasehold improvement and the furniture and equipment for hotel operation, were RMB164
million (US$24 million), of which RMB58 million (US$8 million) was incurred as of December 31, 2022.
The average development costs per square meter for completed leased and owned hotels in 2022 were
approximately RMB2,400 (US$348). The franchisees are responsible for development costs for our
manachised hotels and franchised hotels.


The reasons for hotel closures typically include property-related matters (such as rezoning and expiry of
leases), hotel operation quality or results not meeting our requirements, and other commercial reasons.


In addition to hotels permanently closed as presented above, due to the impact of COVID-19, we also
had a number of hotels temporarily requisitioned for the accommodation of medical support workers
and for quarantine purposes in relation to COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022, we had 572 hotels under
temporary requisition in China. We also had a large number of hotels temporarily closed from time to
time amid the pandemic. The hotel operations of Deutsche Hospitality in Europe were also adversely
affected beginning from early March 2020. Local governments in Europe imposed travel restrictions and
lockdowns to contain the spread of COVID-19, and as a result, a number of our Deutsche Hospitality
hotels were temporarily closed in 2020. Legacy DH hotels have experienced continuing RevPAR recovery
since March 2022. See “－COVID-19 Outbreak: response and impact” below for more information.




                                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022           11
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     LEASED AND OWNED HOTELS
     As of December 31, 2022, we had 695 leased hotels and 9 owned hotels, accounting for approximately
     8.2% of our hotels in operation. We manage and operate each aspect of these hotels and bear all of the
     accompanying expenses. We are responsible for recruiting, training and supervising the hotel managers
     and employees, paying for leases and costs associated with construction and renovation of these hotels,
     and purchasing all supplies and other required equipment.


     Our leased hotels are located on leased properties. The terms of our leases typically range from ten to 25
     years. We generally enjoy an initial two- to eight-month rent-free period. For certain of our hotels (under
     Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for renovating the hotels (other than soft furnishing)
     and we are not required to pay rent until this renovation is completed. We generally pay fixed rent on a
     monthly, quarterly or biannual basis for the first three to five years of the lease term, after which we are
     generally subject to a 2% to 6% increase on rent every three to five years or, for Deutsche Hospitality’s
     hotels, generally annual adjustments based on consumer price index levels. Our leases usually allow
     extensions by mutual agreement. In addition, our lessors are typically required to notify us in advance if
     they intend to sell or dispose of their properties, in which case we have a right of first refusal to purchase
     the properties on equivalent terms and conditions. To mitigate the impact of COVID-19, we have been
     negotiating with landlords to reduce or delay our rental payment. 67 of our leases expired in 2022, among
     which 25 had been renewed, 17 had been converted to manachised and franchised hotels and 25 had
     been terminated as of December 31, 2022.


     The following table sets forth the number of our leases for hotels in operation and under development
     that were expected to expire in the periods indicated as of December 31, 2022.


                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                          Leases
     2023                                                                                                      58
     2024                                                                                                      46
     2025                                                                                                      49
     2026                                                                                                      61
     2027                                                                                                      60
     2028-2030                                                                                               143
     2031-2033                                                                                               112
     2034 and onward                                                                                           99
     Total                                                                                                   628




12   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW



MANACHISED AND FRANCHISED HOTELS
As of December 31, 2022, we had 7,617 manachised hotels and 222 franchised hotels, accounting
for approximately 89% and 3%, respectively, of our hotels in operation. Our franchisees lease or own
their hotel properties and are responsible for the costs of developing and operating the manachised or
franchised hotels, including constructing and renovating the hotels according to our standards, and all
of the hotel operating expenses. We impose the same standards on all of our manachised and franchised
hotels to ensure product quality and consistency across our hotel network. Our franchisees are not
allowed to sub-franchise hotels under our brands to any third party. We collect fees from the franchisees
of our manachised and franchised hotels and do not bear any loss incurred by our franchisees, and
we generally do not share any profit realized by our franchisees. We believe that the manachise and
franchise models have enabled us to quickly and effectively expand our geographical coverage and
market share in a less capital-intensive manner through leveraging the local knowledge and relationships
of our franchisees.


Manachised hotels
We manage our manachised hotels and impose the same standards on all manachised hotels as our
other hotels to ensure product quality and consistency across our hotel network. For our manachised
hotels under legacy Huazhu, our manachise agreements typically have the following terms:


Scope of service: We authorize a manachised hotel to use our relevant brand name, logo and relevant
trademarks. The franchisee is responsible for the hotel’s construction, renovation and maintenance. We
provide guidance to the franchisee on the construction or renovation of the hotel and require the hotel to
meet our standards before approving it to commence operations. We appoint and train hotel managers
who are responsible for hiring hotel staff and managing daily operations of our manachised hotels. We
also provide our franchisees with services such as central reservation, sales and marketing support,
technology support, quality assurance inspections and other operational support and information.


Fees charged to franchisees: we generally charge our franchisees an upfront franchise fee typically
ranging between RMB80,000 and RMB1,000,000 per hotel, as well as a monthly franchise fee of
approximately 3% to 6.5% of the gross revenues generated by each manachised hotel. In addition, we
collect from franchisees a reservation fee for using our central reservation system and a membership
registration fee for customers who join our H Rewards (previously known as HUAZHU Rewards) loyalty
program at the manachised hotels. We also charge system maintenance and support fees and other IT
service fees from our franchisees for sharing our technology infrastructure with our manachised hotels.
Furthermore, we employ and appoint hotel managers for the manachised hotels and charge franchisees
for a manager fee on a monthly basis.


Term of service: our franchise and management agreements for our manachised hotels typically run for
an initial term of eight to ten years, and may be extended upon mutual agreement between us and the
franchisee three months prior to the expiration of the franchise and management agreements.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   13
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     Termination: we typically have the right to early terminate the franchise and management agreements
     immediately, if the franchisee commences operations without our approval, goes bankrupt, suspends
     operation for a specified period, interferes in our appointed manager’s management of the hotel, or
     violates applicable laws and regulations that result in harm to our brand, among others. We are also
     entitled to terminate these agreements in case of material breaches of the agreements by the franchisee,
     if the franchisee fails to rectify within a grace period.


     For our manachised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees have historically been required
     to pay Deutsche Hospitality a management fee consisting of a base fee of 0.5% to 3.5% of the hotel’s
     turnover and an incentive fee of 6% to 10% of the hotel’s adjusted gross operating profit. Deutsche
     Hospitality participates in the distribution of the manachised hotel’s profit, and charges a marketing
     fee for a few manachised hotels. General manager compensation of a manachised hotel, including
     salaries, social security contribution, and various benefits and bonuses, is borne by the manachised
     hotel. For some manachised hotels outside Germany, Deutsche Hospitality further charges a license
     fee of approximately 0.5% to 1% of the hotel’s turnover. The term of service for our manachised hotels
     under Deutsche Hospitality is typically 15 to 20 years. We are gradually adapting the terms of Deutsche
     Hospitality’s franchise and management agreements to be similar to those of our other manachised
     hotels.


     Franchised hotels
     We do not appoint hotel managers for our franchised hotels and do not manage their daily operations. We
     apply the same standards to our franchised hotels as our other hotels. For our franchised hotels under
     legacy Huazhu, the terms of the franchise agreements are subject to negotiation with individual hotel
     owners, while they generally have the following terms:


     Scope of service: the services that we provide to franchised hotels are similar to those we provide to
     manachised hotels, except that we do not appoint managers and do not provide management services to
     the franchised hotels.


     Franchise fee: we charge our franchised hotels fees on generally the same terms as our manachised
     hotels, except that we do not appoint hotel managers to our franchised hotels and thus do not charge
     these hotels hotel manager fee on a monthly basis.


     Term of service: our franchise agreements for our franchised hotels typically run for an initial term of
     eight to ten years, and may be extended upon mutual agreement between us and the franchisee three
     months prior to the expiration of the franchise agreements.


     Termination: our rights to terminate the franchise agreements for our franchised hotels are similar to
     those for our manachised hotels.




14   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                         BUSINESS OVERVIEW


For our franchised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees have historically been required to
pay Deutsche Hospitality a franchise fee of approximately 0.5% to 4.0% of the hotel’s gross room revenue
or turnover. Some hotels outside Germany are charged a fixed franchise fee ranging from EUR40,000
to EUR150,000 per year. Most franchised hotels are also charged a central service fee (or marketing
fee in older contracts) and a license fee. The term of service for our franchised hotels under Deutsche
Hospitality is typically ten to 15 years. We are gradually adapting the terms of Deutsche Hospitality’s
franchise agreements to be similar to those of our other franchised hotels.


HOTEL DEVELOPMENT
We mainly use the manachise and franchise models to expand our network in a less capital-intensive
manner. We also lease the properties of the hotels we operate. Other than the properties we acquired as
part of our strategic alliance with Accor in 2016, and from our acquisition of Blossom Hotel Management,
we typically do not acquire properties ourselves, as owning properties is generally much more capital
intensive. We have adopted a systematic process with respect to the planning and execution of new
development projects. Our development department analyzes economic data by city, field visit reports
and market intelligence information to identify target locations in each city and form a three-year
development plan for new hotels on a regular basis. The plan is subsequently reviewed and approved by
our investment committee. Once a property is identified in the targeted location, staff in our development
department analyzes the business terms and formulates a proposal for the project. In the case of
a lease opportunity, the investment committee evaluates each proposed project based on several
factors, including the length of the investment payback period, the rate of return on the investment, the
amount of net cash flow projected during the operating period and the impact on our existing hotels
in the vicinity. When evaluating potential manachising and franchising opportunities, the investment
committee considers the attractiveness of the location as well as additional factors such as quality
of the prospective franchisee and product consistency with our standards. Our investment committee
weighs each investment proposal carefully to ensure that we can effectively expand our coverage while
concurrently improving our profitability.


The following is a description of our hotel development process.


MANACHISED AND FRANCHISED HOTELS
We open manachised and franchised hotels to expand our geographical coverage or to further penetrate
in our existing markets. Manachised and franchised hotels provide us valuable operating information in
assessing the attractiveness of new markets, and supplement our coverage in areas where the potential
franchisees can have access to attractive locations by leveraging their own assets and local network.
As is the case with leased and owned hotels, we generally look to establish manachised and franchised
hotels near popular commercial and office districts that tend to generate stronger demand for hotel
accommodations. Manachised and franchised hotels must also meet specified criteria in connection with
the infrastructure of the building, such as adequate water, electricity and sewage systems.


We typically source potential franchisees through word-of-mouth referrals, applications submitted via
our website and industry conferences. Some of our franchisees operate several of our manachised and
franchised hotels. In general, we seek franchisees who share our values and management philosophies.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   15
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     We typically supervise the franchisees in designing and renovating their properties pursuant to the same
     standards required for our leased and owned hotels, and provide assistance as required. We also provide
     technical expertise and recommend pre-selected qualified suppliers to our franchisees. In addition, we
     appoint or train hotel managers and help train other hotel staff for our manachised hotels to ensure that
     high quality and consistent services are provided throughout all our hotels.


     LEASED AND OWNED HOTELS
     We seek properties that are in central or highly accessible locations in economically more developed
     cities in order to showcase our hotel operation expertise and ability to achieve desirable investment
     returns. In addition, we typically seek properties that will accommodate hotels of 80 to 300 rooms.


     After identifying a proposed site, we conduct thorough due diligence and typically negotiate leases
     concurrently with the lessors. All leases and development plans are subject to the final approval of
     our investment committee. Once a lease agreement has been executed, we then engage independent
     design firms and construction companies to begin work on leasehold improvement. Our construction
     management team works closely with these firms on planning and architectural design. Our contracts
     with construction companies typically contain warranties for quality and requirements for timely
     completion of construction. Contractors or suppliers are typically required to compensate us in the
     event of delays or poor work quality. A majority of the construction materials and supplies used in the
     construction of our new hotels are purchased by us through a centralized procurement system.


     HOTEL MANAGEMENT
     Our management team has accumulated significant experience with respect to the operation of hotels.
     Building on this experience, our management team has developed a robust operational platform for our
     years of operations, implemented a rigorous budgeting process, and utilized our real-time information
     systems to monitor our hotel performance. We believe these systems are critical in maximizing our
     revenues and profitability. The following are some of the key components of our hotel management
     infrastructure:


     Budgeting . Our budget and analysis team prepares a detailed annual cost and revenue budget for each of
     our leased and owned hotels, and an annual revenue budget for each of our manachised and franchised
     hotels. The hotel budget is prepared based on, among other things, the historical operating performance
     of each hotel, the performance of comparable hotels and local market conditions. We may adjust the
     budget upon the occurrence of unexpected events that significantly affect a specific hotel’s operating
     performance. In addition, our compensation scheme for managers in each hotel is directly linked to its
     performance against the annual budget.




16   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                         BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Pricing . The room rates of our leased and owned hotels as well as manachised hotels are determined
using a centralized RMS. We adjust room rates regularly based on seasonality and market demand. We
also adjust room rates for certain events, such as the China Import and Export Fair held twice a year in
Guangzhou, the World Expo in Shanghai in 2010 and public health events such as COVID-19. Room rates
for our franchised hotels are determined by the franchisees based on local market conditions.


Monitoring . Through our cloud-based property management system, we are able to monitor each hotel’s
occupancy status, average daily room rates, RevPAR and other operating data on a real-time basis. Real-
time hotel operating information allows us to adjust our sales efforts and other resources to rapidly
capitalize on changes in the market and to maximize operating efficiency.


Centralized cash management . Our leased and owned hotels deposit cash into our central account
several times a week. We also generally centralize all payments for expenditures. Our manachised and
franchised hotels manage their cash separately.


Centralized procurement . We have implemented a centralized procurement system to cope with our
large procurement requirements. Given the scale of our hotel network and our centralized procurement
system, we have the purchasing power to secure favorable terms from suppliers for all of our hotels.


Quality assurance . We have formed detailed brand standards on hotel facilities and interior decoration
for us and our franchisees to follow. We have also developed an operating manual to which our staff
closely adhere to ensure the consistency and quality of our customer experience. We conduct periodic
internal quality checks of our hotels to ensure that our operating policies and procedures are followed.
We also engage “mystery guests” from time to time to ensure that we are providing consistent quality
services. Furthermore, we actively solicit customer feedback by conducting outbound e-mail surveys and
monitor comments posted on our website and third-party websites.


Training . We view the quality and skill sets of our employees as essential to our business and thus have
made employee training one of our top priorities. Our Research and Study Center of H World Group,
previously known as HanTing College and HuaZhu University, together with our regional management
teams, offers structured training programs for our hotel managers, other hotel-based staff and corporate
staff. Our hotel managers are required to attend a three-week intensive training program, covering
topics such as our corporate culture, team management, sales and marketing, customer service, hotel
operation standards and financial and human resource management. A substantial number of our
hotel managers have received training completion certificates. Our Research and Study Center of H
World Group has prepared a new-hire training package to standardize the training for hotel-based staff
across our hotel group. In addition, we provide our corporate staff with various training programs, such
as managerial skills, office software skills and corporate culture. In 2022, our hotel-based staff and
corporate staff on average received approximately 68 and 48 hours of training, respectively.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   17
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE AND DIGITALIZATION
     We have successfully developed and fully rolled out an advanced and scalable group-level technology
     infrastructure platform, as well as complete suite of hotel-level digital transformation initiatives. They
     cover our hotel operations by leveraging advanced technologies such as algorithms, big data analytics,
     data mining, AI, machine learning and IoT. These facilities enable us to improve the efficiency of our
     operations, make timely decisions and enhance our profitability.


     We have successfully promoted our independently developed digital system platform with 100%
     independent intellectual property rights to overseas markets. As of March 2023, the new generation of
     global central reservation systems has completed global promotion and implementation, covering all
     hotels under our brand, achieving unified inventory management and unified distribution management
     worldwide. The new digital hotel solution has also successfully launched in Europe. The global
     membership system is effectively supporting the release and launching of the new overseas loyalty
     program. By investing in digital platforms and building technological competency, we aim to position our
     company as a leader in the industry, which can lead to sustainable growth and success at a global level.


     The following discusses certain key aspects of our technology infrastructure as well as our digitalization
     initiatives:


     TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE
     Customer relationship management (CRM) system. Our integrated CRM system maintains information
     of our H Rewards members, including their reservation and consumption history and pattern, points
     accumulated and redeemed, and prepayment and balance. This allows us to better serve the members
     of our loyalty program and offer targeted promotions to enhance customer loyalty. The CRM system also
     allows us to monitor the performance of our corporate client sales representatives. An integrated CRM
     system effectively supports the promotion of H Rewards membership benefits worldwide and provides
     members with more precise and competitive services and promotional activities, constantly enhancing
     the consumption experience of our H Rewards members. At the same time, based on member reviews
     and feedback, it can more effectively and comprehensively track the service quality of every hotel,
     promoting closed-loop comprehensive quality management driven by customers.


     Central reservation system (CRS) . We have an around-the-clock, real-time central reservation system
     available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Our central reservation system allows reservations through
     multiple channels including our mobile apps, call center, third-party travel agents and online reservation
     partners. The real-time inventory management capability of the system improves the efficiency of
     reservations, enhances customer satisfaction and maximizes our profitability.


     Centralized revenue management system (RMS) . Our RMS is the first in-house developed, large scale,
     fully automated RMS in China’s hotel industry. Powered by in-house developed algorithms and AI, our
     RMS automatically adjusts room rates of hotels within our hotel network in a centralized manner at
     the group level or the business unit level, based on the current business status and real-time demand
     forecasts for the local markets within minutes, effectively increasing hotel occupancy through price and
     promotional tools. We believe our centralized revenue managing system enhances our ability to adjust
     room rates in a timely fashion, maximizing the revenue per room for hotels within our network.



18   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Centralized procurement system (CPS). Leveraging Internet of Things (“IoT”) technology, our CPS is the
most representative top collection platform. Our CPS has enabled us to efficiently manage our operating
costs, especially with respect to supplies used in large quantities, and allows all hotels across our
network to make bulk purchases of hotel supplies at the same time.


DIGITALIZATION INITIATIVES
Cloud-based property management system (Cloud-PMS) . A property management system, or PMS, is a
hotel management software suite that hotel managers and front desk staff use to manage every hotel’s
daily business operations. Our Cloud-PMS is a cloud-based, hotel-level application that is empowered
by, and seamlessly integrated with, our centralized technology infrastructure (which is comprised of our
RMS and other group-level modules). Unlike onsite-PMSs which require significant upfront hardware
investment and are costly and time-consuming to upgrade, our cloud-based PMS is highly scalable and
enables the simultaneous launch of new services across all of our hotels. This system enables each
hotel within our network to efficiently and cost-effectively manage its room inventory, reservations and
pricing on its own on a real-time basis through an Internet browser, which in turn optimizes each hotel’s
occupancy rate, average daily room rates and revenues generated per available room, or RevPAR. The
system is designed to enable us to enhance our profitability and compete more effectively by integrating
with our CRS and CRM. We believe our Cloud-PMS has enabled our management to more effectively
assess the performance of our hotels on a timely basis and to efficiently allocate resources and
effectively identify specific market and sales targets.


“Easy” series. We have implemented an “Easy” series digital system to improve our hotel’s operating
efficiency. For example, our “Easy House Keeping” digital system, which is the first of its kind in the
industry, streamlines and digitizes various hotel housekeeping processes, including room cleaning,
room status update and maintenance, which in turn reduces the time between check-out and check-in
of a hotel room, increasing hotel room turnover efficiency. This system features an in-house developed,
designated mobile application which automatically assigns cleaning or maintenance staff to a room that
requires cleaning or repairs. In addition, our “Easy Invoicing” digital system greatly simplifies the check-
out process for business travelers.


Self-check-in/out kiosks guest terminals . Our user-friendly, patented self-check-in/out kiosks guest
terminals, featuring a variety of advanced automated technologies to replace traditional manual check-
in and check-out services.


Digital payment initiatives . We currently offer a variety of convenient digital payment options for our hotel
guests, including online credit card payment, Alipay, WeChat Pay and Apple Pay.


Smart robots . We are one of the first hotel groups in China that have achieved large-scale deployment
of smart robots. These smart robots powered by big data and algorithms, which we co-developed with
our partner, can travel the entire hotel to make deliveries of snacks, toiletries and other hotel amenities,
greet guests and lead them to their rooms, improving both the hotel’s operating efficiency and guest
experience.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   19
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     AI assistant . Our intelligent AI assistant, which we co-launched with our partner the first AI assistant
     for China’s hotel industry based on intelligent voice recognition technology. Embedded in our mobile
     apps, our intelligent AI assistant can engage in conversation with hotel guests and answer their queries,
     thereby enhancing guest experience.


     Smart rooms . A number of other smart features of our hotel rooms also help enhance the quality of
     guests’ stay. For example, one of our AI initiatives, “Hello Huazhu,” also enables voice control of room
     facilities such as lights, TV, air-conditioning and window shades.


     Complimentary Wi-Fi . We were one of the first in China to offer complimentary Wi-Fi to all hotel guests
     in 2013. This initiative has greatly contributed to the growth of our customer base and has become
     mainstream in the industry.


     PRIVACY AND DATA SECURITY
     We place a strong emphasis on data security. We have established an information security committee
     and an information security and privacy protection working group consisting of heads of various
     departments. To further ensure data security, we have also set up a special data security committee to
     ensure the security of customer data and prevent data leakage by setting data security guidelines and
     coordinating data security planning. We also have a dedicated information security center equipped with
     personnel specialized in data security, compliance and risk management. This center is involved in key
     aspects of our business operations and provides other departments with professional data security and
     risk management services.


     We strictly comply with Cyber Security Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Data Security Law
     of the People’s Republic of China, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of
     China, and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) of the European Union. We have in place
     extensive policies, processes, network architecture, and software to protect customer data. Our major
     systems, including those regarding property management, customer relationship management, as well
     as our website and mobile apps, have passed the Level III information security protection assessment
     conducted by the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment. We have also
     obtained the ISO27001 information security management certification and the ISO27701 privacy
     information management certification. Our payment system has passed the payment card industry
     (“PCI”) data security standard (“DSS”) requirements and security assessment procedures assessment.
     In addition, we collaborate with renowned consulting companies to strengthen the infrastructure of our
     information technologies and systems and to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.


     We attach great importance to customer privacy and security, adhere to the requirements of data
     security, and have implemented relevant protection measures in all aspects throughout the data life
     cycle. We strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, carry out compliance analyses on our
     internal App to ensure that the collection, use and processing of personal information are legal and
     compliant, and adopt the principle of minimum necessity to only collect customer information with the
     authorization and consent of customers. All personal information of guests is classified as the upmost
     confidential data in our data security system.




20   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


We have real-time controls over networks and network services to ensure that users can only access
authorized networks and network services. Employee can only access authorized internal resources and,
by default, enjoys only minimal authorities. We conduct at least one vulnerability scan per year covering
all production devices. The information security team implements a 24/7 emergency response strategy,
performs annual data security compliance assessments, and conducts occasional security-related
audits to ensure continuous data security compliance.


We have set up the H World Security Response Center, inviting external security experts to submit
online reports outlining security vulnerabilities in our products and business to help us discover and
resolve security issues in a timely manner. We are committed to safeguarding the security of hundreds
of millions of our members and Internet users. In addition, we are committed to building the information
security ecology across the hotel industry. For example, to build an inclusive and win-win ecosystem, we
actively hold information security events, establish information security industry alliances and jointly
publish industry white papers.


SALES AND MARKETING
Our marketing strategy is designed to enhance our brand recognition and customer loyalty. Building
and differentiating the brand image of each of our hotel products is critical to increasing our brand
recognition. We focus on targeting the distinct guest segments that each of our hotel products serves
and adopting effective marketing measures based on thorough analysis and application of data and
analytics. In 2022, approximately 87% of our room nights were sold through our own sales channels and
the remaining 13% of our room nights through intermediaries in legacy Huazhu.


We use our RMS and Cloud-PMS systems to conduct pricing management for all of our hotels except
for our franchised hotels. We review our hotel pricing regularly and adjust room rates as needed based
on local market conditions and the specific location of each hotel, focusing mainly on three factors: (i)
optimum occupancy rate of the hotel and our other hotels nearby, (ii) seasonal demand for the hotel and
(iii) event-driven demand for the hotel.


A key component of our marketing efforts is the H Rewards, our loyalty program, which covers all of
our brands. We believe the H Rewards loyalty program allows us to build customer loyalty and conduct
lower-cost, targeted marketing campaigns. As of December 31, 2022, our H Rewards had more than 199
million members. In 2022, approximately 76% of our room nights were sold to our H Rewards members
in legacy Huazhu. Members of the H Rewards are provided with discounts on room rates, free breakfasts
(for gold and platinum members), more convenient check-out procedures and other benefits. H Rewards
members can also accumulate points through stays in our hotels or by purchasing products and services
provided at our hotels and from Hua Zhu Mall. These points can be used to offset the room charges in
our hotels, buy products in Hua Zhu mall, book transportations and tickets through our platform or be
redeemed for various coupons. The H Rewards includes five levels of membership: star, silver, rose gold,
gold and platinum. Rose gold membership is only available for corporate members of the H Rewards. H
Rewards was previously known as HanTing Club and HuaZhu Club.


Our marketing activities also include internet advertising, press and sponsored activities held jointly with
our corporate partners and advertisements on travel and business magazines.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   21
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     COMPETITION
     The hotel industry in China is highly fragmented. A significant majority of the room supply has come from
     independent hotels, guest houses and other lodging facilities. In recent years hotel groups emerged and
     began to consolidate the market by converting independent hotels into hotel chains. As a multi-brand
     hotel group we believe that we compete primarily based on location, room rates, brand recognition,
     quality of accommodations, geographic coverage, service quality, range of services, guest amenities
     and convenience of the central reservation system. We primarily compete with other hotel chains as
     well as various independent hotels in each of the markets in which we operate, including Chinese hotel
     groups such as BTG Homeinns and Jinjiang, as well as international hotel groups such as Marriot,
     Intercontinental, Accor and Hilton. We also face competition from Airbnb and service apartments.


     INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
     We regard our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, trade secrets and other intellectual property
     rights as critical to our business. We rely on a combination of copyright and trademark law, trade secret
     protection and confidentiality agreements with our employees, lecturers, business partners and others,
     to protect our intellectual property rights.


     The trademarks and logos used in our current hotels are under protection of the registered trademarks
     and logos. As of December 31, 2022, we registered 1,382 trademarks and logos with the China Trademark
     Office. As of December 31, 2022, we filed 272 trademark applications pending for examination and
     review by the PRC trademark office. As of the same date, we also registered 1,210 trademarks and
     filed 220 trademark applications outside China. As of December 31, 2022, we received 28 patents;
     another 5 patents were applied and under review by relevant PRC authority. We also received copyright
     registration certificates for 153 software programs developed by us as of December 31, 2022. In addition,
     we registered 622 national and international top-level domain names, including www.hworld.com,
     as of December 31, 2022. Our intellectual property is subject to risks of theft and other unauthorized
     use, and our ability to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use is limited. In addition,
     we may be subject to claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. See “Risk
     Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Failure to protect our tradenames and trademarks as well as
     other intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our brands and adversely affect our
     business.”


     INSURANCE
     We believe that our hotels are covered by adequate property and liability insurance policies with
     coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary for similar companies in China. We
     also require our franchisees to carry adequate property and liability insurance policies. We carry property
     insurance that covers the assets that we own at our hotels. Although we require our franchisees to
     purchase customary insurance policies, we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to such requirements.
     If we were held liable for amounts and claims exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage or outside
     the scope of our insurance coverage, our business, results of operations and financial condition may
     be materially and adversely affected. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our limited
     insurance coverage may expose us to losses, which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation,
     business, financial condition and results of operations.”



22   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                         BUSINESS OVERVIEW



LEGAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS
In the ordinary course of our business, we, our directors, management and employees are subject to
legal or administrative proceedings. Although we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution
of lawsuits, investigations and claims asserted against us, our directors, management and employees,
we do not believe that any currently pending legal or administrative proceeding to which we, our
directors, management and employees are a party will have a material adverse effect on our business
or reputation. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – We, our directors, management and
employees may be subject to certain risks related to legal proceedings filed by or against us, and adverse
results may harm our business.”


As of December 31, 2022, we had several pending legal and administrative proceedings, including lease
contract terminations and disputes and management agreement disputes. As of the same date, we had
no accrued contingencies remained.


CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY: ENVIRONMENTAL
IMPACT
As a global leader and rapidly emerging multi-brand hotel group in China, we are deeply aware of our
corporate responsibility and mission. Not only do we provide customers with comfortable, safe and
personalized stay experiences, but we also actively reduce our environmental footprint by upholding the
concept of sustainability development and exploring green operation methods.


We have launched a “modular” construction plan in the design, material selection, and construction
process of hotels, which not only ensures high standards of quality control while effectively reduces
construction waste and avoids noise, dust generated during the construction process. As for hotel
operation, we have developed our own online energy consumption management system, “Easy Energy
Consumption”, to conduct systematic analysis on the energy usage data in operation. While providing
foundation for energy-saving renovation, “Easy Energy Consumption”can also give real-time warning of
abnormal energy consumption, so that failures of water, electricity and heat systems can be dealt with
in a timely manner, avoiding unnecessary waste of resources. We also prioritize the maintenance of
equipment such as air conditionings and hot water systems, while also upgrading or replacing outdated
equipment with eco-friendly alternatives. This two-pronged approach ensures that we continuously
improve our energy-saving and emission-reducing efforts. In addition, most legacy DH hotels are using
green electricity, and over 60 legacy DH hotels have been certified with both ISO14001 Environmental
Management System Certification and ISO50001 Energy Management System Certification.


We also share our environmental protection philosophy with our customers. Our latest launched eco-
friendly slippers are made with internationally recognized environmentally friendly non-woven fabric and
EPE pearl cotton, which are both environmentally friendly and recyclable. Hi Inn Hotel launched a pilot
“Green Living Project”, encouraging customers to choose more green and low-carbon accommodations
by reducing or exempting part of their room fee. For Legacy DH hotels, customers can choose Green
Conference Services so as to minimize conference-generated carbon emissions and offset the CO2
footprint of attending conference. We also drive customers to participate in energy saving activities
by reducing the provision of disposables, reminding them to order reasonable amount of food, and
encouraging electronic invoicing.


                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   23
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     We have also extended the green development requirements to our suppliers. For instance, we have
     established a strict examine process for the entry of laundry suppliers, making specific requirements for
     equipment’s water and energy-saving capability, laundry chemical types and the inspection procedure.
     For suppliers with which we have already built cooperative relationship, we provide technical support for
     pollution control and water recycling, helping create a benchmark for green development of the industry.


     COVID-19 OUTBREAK: RESPONSE AND IMPACT
     In December 2019, COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which subsequently
     spread throughout China. On January 31, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 as
     a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. The travel industry has been severely affected by
     the outbreak of COVID-19 since the beginning of 2020 due to the reduced traveler traffic. During the
     COVID-19 pandemic, government authorities around the world have imposed widespread lockdowns,
     closure of workplaces and restrictions on mobility and travel to contain the spread of the virus. These
     containment measures negatively affected occupancy rates and revenue of our hotels (including both
     leased and owned hotels and manachised and franchised hotels). Since the outbreak of COVID-19, we
     have taken various cost and cash flow mitigation measures to counter the negative impact of COVID-19
     on our results of operations. Despite these efforts, our business operations and results in 2020, 2021
     and 2022 were adversely affected by COVID-19. However, the outbreak also led to increased demand
     for quarantine hotels. Due to the impact of COVID-19, we experienced operating losses and closed down
     certain of our hotels in 2020, 2021 and 2022. For more information, please see “Risk Factors – Risk
     Related to Our Business – The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely
     affect, our financial and operating performance” and “Management Discussion and Analysis – Liquidity
     and Capital Resources.”


     China has significantly eased its COVID-19 control measures since early December 2022. As a result,
     the RevPAR for our legacy Huazhu business in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023
     recovered to approximately 83% and 118%, respectively, of the 2019 levels.


     Legacy DH hotels have experienced continuing RevPAR recovery since March 2022. Legacy DH’s blended
     RevPAR reached approximately 110% and 94% of the 2019 levels in the fourth quarter of 2022 and
     the first quarter of 2023, respectively. Excluding the effects of the FIFA World Cup and the COP27 UN
     Climate Conference, the RevPAR in the fourth quarter of 2022 recovered to 100% of the 2019 level.
     RevPAR recovery continued to be driven by average daily room rates increases, while occupancy levels
     still remained behind the levels achieved in 2019. The reduction of energy-related risks has eased
     energy price increases in Europe. However, inflation continues to adversely impact our operating costs in
     Europe. We will bridge the rising cost through further rate increases as well as an ongoing focus on cost
     reduction, process optimization and stringent cash management.




24   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



REGULATION
The hotel industry in China is subject to a number of laws and regulations, including laws and regulations
relating specifically to hotel operation, management and commercial franchising, and travel agency
business, as well as those relating to environmental and consumer protection. The principal regulations
governing foreign ownership of hotel businesses in the PRC are the Special Administrative Measures
(Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (Edition 2021) issued on December 27, 2021, which
became effective on January 1, 2022, and the Industry Guidelines on Encouraged Foreign Investment
(Edition 2020) issued on December 27, 2020, which became effective as of January 27, 2021, both
of which were promulgated by the PRC Ministry of Commerce, or the MOC, and the NDRC as well as
other negative lists (generally with fewer limitations) applicable to the free trade zones. Pursuant to
these regulations, there are no restrictions on foreign investment in limited service hotel businesses in
China aside from business licenses and other permits that every hotel must obtain. Similar with other
industries in China, regulations governing the hotel industry in China are still developing and evolving.
As a result, most legislative actions consist of general measures such as industry standards, rules or
circulars issued by different ministries rather than detailed legislations. This section summarizes the
principal PRC regulations currently relevant to our business and operations.


REGULATIONS ON HOTEL OPERATION
The Ministry of Public Security issued the Measures for the Control of Security in the Hotel Industry in
November 1987 and amended it in 2011, 2020 and 2022, respectively, and the State Council promulgated
the Decision of the State Council on Establishing Administrative License for Necessarily Retained Items
Requiring Administrative Examination and Approval in June 2004 and amended it in January 2009 and
August 2016, respectively. Under these two regulations, anyone who applies to operate a hotel is subject
to examination and approval by the local public security authority and must obtain a special industry
license. The Measures for the Control of Security in the Hotel Industry impose certain security control
obligations on the operators. For example, the hotel must examine the identification card of any guest
to whom accommodation is provided and make an accurate registration. The hotel must also report to
the local public security authority if it discovers anyone violating the law or behaving suspiciously or an
offender wanted by the public security authority. Pursuant to the Measures for the Control of Security
in the Hotel Industry , hotels failing to obtain the special industry license may be subject to warnings or
fines of up to RMB200. In addition, pursuant to the Law of the PRC on Penalties for the Violation of Public
Security Administration promulgated in August, 2005 and amended in October 2012, and various local
regulations, hotels failing to obtain the special industry license may be subject to warnings, orders to
suspend or cease continuing business operations, confiscations of illegal gains or fines. Operators of
hotel businesses who have obtained the special industry license but violate applicable administrative
regulations may also be subject to revocation of such licenses in serious circumstances.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   25
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     The State Council promulgated the Administrative Regulations on Sanitation of Public Places in April
     1987 and amended it in February 2016 and in April 2019, according to which, a hotel must obtain a public
     area hygiene license before opening for business. Pursuant to this regulation, hotels failing to obtain
     a public area hygiene license may be subject to the following administrative penalties depending on
     the seriousness of their respective activities: (i) warnings; (ii) fines; or (iii) orders to suspend or cease
     continuing business operations. In March 2011, the Ministry of Health promulgated the Implementation
     Rules of the Administrative Regulations on Sanitation of Public Places , which was amended in January
     2016 and December 2017, according to which, starting from May 1, 2011, hotel operators shall establish
     sanitation management system and keep records of sanitation management. The Standing Committee of
     the National People’s Congress, or the SCNPC enacted the Food Safety Law of the PRC in February 2009,
     which was most recently amended in April 2021, according to which any hotel that provides food must
     obtain a license. The State Administration for Market Regulation, or the SAMR, (previously known as
     “China Food and Drug Administration”) enacted the Administrative Measures on Administration of Food
     Business Licensing in August 2015 and amended it in November 2017, according to which any entity
     involving sales of food or food services must obtain a food business license, and any food service license
     which had been obtained prior to October 1, 2015 will be replaced upon expiry by the food business
     license. Pursuant to the Food Safety Law of the PRC , hotels failing to obtain the food business license
     (or formerly the food service license) may be subject to: (i) confiscation of illegal gains, food illegally
     produced for sale, and tools, facilities and raw materials used for illegal production; or (ii) fines between
     RMB50,000 and RMB100,000 if the value of food illegally produced is less than RMB10,000, or fines
     equal to 10 to 20 times of the value of food if such value is equal to or more than RMB10,000.


     The Fire Prevention Law of the PRC , promulgated in April 1998 and amended in October 2008, April 2019
     and April 2021 by the SCNPC, and the Provisions on Supervision and Inspection on Fire Prevention and
     Control , promulgated on April 30, 2009 and effective as of May 1, 2009 and amended on July 17, 2012
     by the Ministry of Public Security, together with the Interim Provisions on the Administration of Fire
     Protection Design Review and Final Inspection of Construction Projects , promulgated by the Ministry of
     Housing and Urban-Rural Development on April 1, 2020 and effective as of June 1, 2020, require that
     (i) the fire prevention design documents of special construction projects, such as hotels with overall
     floor area of more than 10,000 square meters, shall be reviewed and inspected by local housing and
     urban-rural construction authorities before construction; (ii) the construction of specific construction
     projects, such as hotels with overall floor area of more than 10,000 square meters be inspected and
     accepted by local housing and urban-rural construction authorities from a fire prevention perspective
     before completion; and (iii) the public gathering places, such as hotels, shall complete fire prevention
     safety inspection with the local fire and rescue department, which is a prerequisite for business opening.
     Pursuant to these regulations, related hotels failing to obtain approval of fire prevention inspection and
     acceptance or failing fire prevention safety inspections (including acceptance check and safety check on
     fire prevention) may be subject to: (i) orders to suspend the construction of projects, use or operation of
     business; and (ii) fines between RMB30,000 and RMB300,000.




26   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW


In January 2006, the State Council promulgated the Regulations for Administration of Entertainment
Places , which was amended in February 2016 and November 2020. The Ministry of Culture issued the
Administrative Measures for Entertainment Places in February 2013 and amended it in December 2017
and May 2022. Under these regulations, hotels that provide entertainment facilities, such as discos or
ballrooms, are required to obtain a license for entertainment business operations.


On October 18, 2010, the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine and
Standardization Administration approved and issued Classification and Accreditation for Star-rated
Tourist Hotels (GB/T14308-2010), which became effective on January 1, 2011. On November 19, 2010,
the National Tourist Administration promulgated the Implementation Measures of Classification and
Accreditation for Star-rated Tourist Hotels , which became effective on January 1, 2011. Under these
regulations, all hotels with operations of over one year are eligible to apply for a star rating assessment.
There are five ratings from one star to five stars for tourist hotels, assessed based on the level of
facilities, management standards and quality of service. A star rating, once granted, is valid for three
years.


On September 21, 2012, the Ministry of Commerce promulgated the Provisional Administrative Measures
for Single-purpose Commercial Prepaid Cards , which was amended on August 18, 2016. Pursuant to this
regulation, if an enterprise engaged in retail, accommodation and catering, or residential services issues
any single-purpose commercial prepaid card to its customers, it shall undergo a record-filing procedure.
For a hotel primarily engaged in the business of accommodation, the aggregate balance of the advance
payment under the single-purpose commercial prepaid cards it issued shall not exceed 40% of its
income from its primary business in the previous financial year.


On April 25, 2013, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress issued the Tourism Law
of the PRC , which became effective on October 1, 2013 and was most recently amended on October
26, 2018. According to this law, the accommodation operators shall fulfill their obligations under the
agreements with customers. If the accommodation operators subcontract part of their services to any
third party or involve any third party to provide services to customers, the accommodation operators shall
assume the joint and several liabilities with the third parties for any damage caused to the customers.


REGULATIONS ON TRAVEL AGENCY BUSINESS
Generally, the travel agency business is subject to the Regulations on Travel Agencies promulgated by
the State Council on February 20, 2009 and last amended on November 29, 2020, which prohibits foreign-
invested travel agencies from providing travel services to Chinese mainland residents for their travels
to foreign countries, and to Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative
Region and Taiwan region. However, on September 21, 2022, the State Council issued a Reply of the
State Council on Temporary Adjustments to the Implementation of Relevant Administrative Regulations
in Tianjin, Shanghai, Hainan and Chongqing, which temporarily allows foreign-invested travel agencies
incorporated in Shanghai and Chongqing to serve Chinese mainland residents for their travels abroad
(including travels to Hong Kong and Macau, but excluding travels to Taiwan).




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   27
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     REGULATIONS ON LEASING
     Under the Law of the PRC on Administration of Urban Real Estate promulgated by the SCNPC, which took
     effect as of January 1995 and was amended in August 2007, August 2009 and August 2019, respectively,
     and the Administrative Measures on Leasing of Commodity House promulgated by the Ministry of
     Housing and Urban-rural Construction, which took effect as of February 1, 2011, when leasing premises,
     the lessor and lessee are required to enter into a written lease contract, prescribing such provisions as
     the leasing term, use of the premises, rental and repair liabilities, and other rights and obligations of
     both parties. Both lessor and lessee are also required to go through registration procedures to record
     the lease with the real estate administration department. Pursuant to these laws and regulations and
     various local regulations, if the lessor and lessee fail to go through the registration procedures, both
     lessor and lessee may be subject to fines, and the leasing interest will be subordinated to an interested
     third party acting in good faith.


     In May 2020, the National People’s Congress, the China legislature, passed the Civil Code of the PRC , or
     the Civil Code, which took effect on January 1, 2021. According to Chapter 14, Book 3 of the Civil Code ,
     which governs lease agreements, subject to consent of the lessor, the lessee may sublease the leased
     item to a third party. Where the lessee subleases the lease item, the leasing contract between the lessee
     and the lessor remains valid. The lessor is entitled to terminate the contract if the lessee subleases the
     lease item without the consent of the lessor.


     Pursuant to Chapter 17, Book 2 of the Civil Code , which where a mortgagor leases the mortgaged property
     and the possession thereof has been transferred before the creation of mortgage interest, the previously
     established leasing relation shall not be affected; and where a mortgagor leases the mortgaged property
     after the creation of the mortgage interest, the leasing interest will be subordinated to the registered
     mortgage interest.


     REGULATIONS ON CONSUMER PROTECTION
     In October 1993, the SCNPC promulgated the Law of the PRC on the Protection of the Rights and
     Interests of Consumers , or the Consumer Protection Law , which became effective on January 1, 1994
     and was amended in October 2013. Under the Consumer Protection Law, a business operator providing a
     commodity or service to a consumer is subject to a number of requirements, including the following:


     •      to ensure that commodities and services meet with certain safety requirements;


     •      to protect the safety of consumers;


     •      to disclose serious defects of a commodity or a service and to adopt preventive measures against
            damage occurrence;


     •      to provide consumers with accurate information and to refrain from conducting false advertising;




28   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                             BUSINESS OVERVIEW


•      to obtain consents of consumers and to disclose the rules for the collection and/or use of
       information when collecting data or information from consumers; to take technical measures
       and other necessary measures to protect the personal information collected from consumers;
       not to divulge, sell, or illegally provide consumers’ information to others; not to send commercial
       information to consumers without the consent or request of consumers or with a clear refusal
       from consumers;


•      not to set unreasonable or unfair terms for consumers or alleviate or release itself from civil
       liability for harming the legal rights and interests of consumers by means of standard contracts,
       circulars, announcements, shop notices or other means;


•      to remind consumers in a conspicuous manner to pay attention to the quality, quantity and prices
       or fees of commodities or services, duration and manner of performance, safety precautions
       and risk warnings, after-sales service, civil liability and other terms and conditions vital to the
       interests of consumers under a standard form of agreement prepared by the business operators,
       and to provide explanations as required by consumers; and


•      not to insult or slander consumers or to search the person of, or articles carried by, a consumer or
       to infringe upon the personal freedom of a consumer.


Business operators may be subject to civil liabilities for failing to fulfill the obligations listed above.
These liabilities include restoring the consumer’s reputation, eliminating the adverse effects suffered by
the consumer, and offering an apology and compensation for any losses incurred. The following penalties
may also be imposed upon business operators for the infraction of these obligations: issuance of a
warning, confiscation of any illegal income, imposition of a fine, an order to cease business operation,
revocation of its business license or imposition of criminal liabilities under circumstances that are
specified in laws and statutory regulations. Art. 1198 of the Civil Code further increases the liabilities
of business operators engaged in the operation of hotels, restaurants, or entertainment facilities and
subjects such operators to tort liabilities for failing to guarantee the personal safety of others.


REGULATIONS ON ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
In February 2012, the SCNPC issued the newly amended Law of the PRC on Promoting Clean Production ,
which regulates service enterprises such as restaurants, entertainment establishments and hotels
and requires them to use technologies and equipment that conserve energy and water, serve other
environmental protection purposes, and reduce or stop the use of consumer goods that waste resources
or pollute the environment.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   29
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     According to the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC promulgated by the SCNPC on December
     26, 1989 and last amended on April 24, 2014, the Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the
     PRC promulgated by the SCNPC on October 28, 2002 and last amended on December 29, 2018, the
     Administrative Regulations on Environmental Protection for Construction Projects promulgated by the
     State Council on November 29, 1998 and amended on July 16, 2017, the Interim Measures on Acceptance
     of Environmental Protection for Completion of Construction Projects promulgated by the Ministry of
     Environmental Protection (renamed as the Ministry of Ecology and Environment) on November 20, 2017
     and effective as of the same date and the Category-Based Management Directory on the Environmental
     Impact Assessment for Construction Projects (Edition 2021) issued by the Ministry of Ecology and
     Environment, hotels which involve Environment Sensitive Areas should submit a Form on Environmental
     Impact Assessment to competent environmental protection authorities for approvals, and shall prepare
     and make public an Acceptance Inspection Report of the Environmental Protection Facilities before
     commencing the operation. Such Environment Sensitive Areas are defined by the Category-Based
     Management Directory on the Environmental Impact Assessment for Construction Projects (Edition
     2021) , which was issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment. Pursuant to the Environmental
     Impact Assessment Law , any hotel failing to obtain the approval of the Form of Environmental Impact
     Assessment may be ordered to cease construction and restore the property to its original state, and
     according to the violation activities committed and the harmful consequences thereof, be subject to
     fines of no less than 1% but no more than 5% of the total investment amount for the construction project
     of such hotel. The person directly responsible for the project may be subject to certain administrative
     penalties. Pursuant to the Administrative Regulations on Environmental Protection for Construction
     Projects , where the construction project is put into production or use when the environmental protection
     facilities have not undergone acceptance inspection or do not pass acceptance inspection, the
     responsible hotels may be ordered to make correction within a stipulated period and subject to a fine
     ranging from RMB200,000 to RMB1 million; where correction is not made within the stipulated period,
     a fine ranging from RMB1 million to RMB2 million will be imposed. The directly responsible person may
     be subject to a fine ranging from RMB50,000 to RMB200,000. If the construction project causes any
     significant environmental pollution or ecological damage, the production or use should be suspended, or
     the project should be closed down upon approval by the relevant local regulators. Furthermore, any hotel
     failing to public the Acceptance Inspection Report may be ordered to publicize the Report, and may be
     subject to a fine ranging from RMB50,000 to RMB200,000. The relevant breach may also be announced
     by local environmental protection authorities.


     REGULATIONS ON COMMERCIAL FRANCHISING
     Franchise operations are subject to the supervision and administration of the MOC, and its regional
     counterparts. Such activities are currently regulated by the Administrative Regulations on Commercial
     Franchising , which was promulgated by the State Council on February 6, 2007 and became effective
     on May 1, 2007. The Administrative Regulations on Commercial Franchising were subsequently
     supplemented by the Administrative Measures on Filing of Commercial Franchises , which was newly
     amended and promulgated by the MOC on December 12, 2011 and became effective on February 1, 2012,
     and the newly amended Administrative Measures on Information Disclosure of Commercial Franchises ,
     which was promulgated by the MOC on February 23, 2012 and became effective on April 1, 2012.




30   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Under the above applicable regulations, a franchisor must have certain prerequisites including a
mature business model, the capability to provide long-term business guidance and training services to
franchisees and ownership of at least two self-operated storefronts that have been in operation for at
least one year. Franchisors engaged in franchising activities without satisfying the above requirements
may be subject to penalties such as forfeit of illegal income and imposition of fines between RMB100,000
and RMB500,000 and may be bulletined by the MOC or its local counterparts. Franchise contracts shall
include certain required provisions, such as terms, termination rights and payments.


Franchisors are generally required to file franchise contracts with the MOC or its local counterparts.
Failure to report franchising activities may result in penalties such as fines up to RMB100,000. Such
noncompliance may also be bulletined. In the first quarter of every year, franchisors are required to
report to the MOC or its local counterparts any franchise contracts they executed, canceled, renewed or
amended in the previous year.


The term of a franchise contract shall be no less than three years unless otherwise agreed by
franchisees. The franchisee is entitled to terminate the franchise contract in his sole discretion within a
set period of time upon signing of the franchise contract.


Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Information Disclosure of Commercial Franchises , 30 days
prior to the execution of franchise contracts, franchisors are required to provide franchisees with copies
of the franchise contracts, as well as written true and accurate basic information on matters including:


•      the name, domiciles, legal representative, registered capital, scope of business and basic
       information relating to its commercial franchising;


•      basic information relating to the registered trademark, logo, patent, know-how and business
       model;


•      the type, amount and method of payment of franchise fees (including payment of deposit and the
       conditions and method of refund of deposit);


•      the price and conditions for the franchisor to provide goods, service and equipment to the
       franchisee;


•      the detailed plan, provision and implementation plan of consistent services including operational
       guidance, technical support and business training provided to the franchisee;


•      detailed measures for guiding and supervising the operation of the franchisor;


•      investment budget for all franchised hotels of the franchisee;


•      the current numbers, territory and operation evaluation of the franchisees within China;




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   31
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     •      a summary of accounting statements audited by an accounting firm and a summary of audit
            reports for the previous two years;


     •      information on any lawsuit in which the franchisor has been involved in the previous five years;


     •      basic information regarding whether the franchisor and its legal representative have any record of
            material violation; and


     •      other information required to be disclosed by the MOC.


     In the event of failure to disclose or misrepresentation, the franchisee may terminate the franchise
     contract and the franchisor may be fined up to RMB100,000. In addition, such noncompliance may be
     bulletined.


     According to the Manual of Guidance on Administration for Foreign Investment Access (Edition 2008)
     promulgated by the MOC in December 2008, if an existing foreign-invested company wishes to operate
     a franchise in China, it must apply to the MOC or its local counterparts to expand its business scope to
     include “engaging in commercial activities by way of franchise.”


     REGULATIONS ON TRADEMARKS
     Both the Trademark Law of the PRC adopted by the SCNPC on August 23, 1982 and revised on August 30,
     2013 and April 23, 2019, and the Implementation Regulation of the Trademark Law of the PRC adopted
     by the State Council on August 3, 2002 and revised on April 29, 2014 give protection to the holders
     of registered trademarks and trade names. The China National Intellectual Property Administration
     (Trademark Office) handles trademark registrations. Trademarks can be registered for a term of ten years
     and can be extended for another ten years if requested upon expiration of any ten-year term. Trademark
     licensing agreements should be submitted to the Trademark Office for record. Without the filing, the
     trademark licensing should not be used against a bona fide third party.


     REGULATIONS ON FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE
     The principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Control
     Regulations of the PRC promulgated by the State Council, as amended on August 5, 2008, or the Foreign
     Exchange Regulations. Under the Foreign Exchange Regulations, the RMB is freely convertible for current
     account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related
     foreign exchange transactions, but not for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans,
     repatriation of investments and investments in securities outside of China, unless the prior approval of
     the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE, is obtained and prior registration with the
     SAFE is made.




32   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The Circular on Reforming the Management Method regarding the Settlement of Foreign Exchange
Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises (“Circular 19”), promulgated by the SAFE on March 30, 2015 and
last amended on December 30, 2019, allows foreign-invested enterprises to make equity investments
by using RMB funds converted from foreign exchange capital. Under Circular 19, the foreign exchange
capital in the capital account of foreign-invested enterprises upon the confirmation of rights and
interests of monetary contribution by the local foreign exchange bureau (or the book-entry registration of
monetary contribution by the banks) can be settled at the banks based on the actual operation needs of
the enterprises. The proportion of willingness-based foreign exchange settlement of capital for foreign-
invested enterprises is temporarily set at 100%. The SAFE can adjust such proportion in due time based
on the circumstances of the international balance of payments. However, Circular 19 and the Circular on
Reforming and Regulating the Management Policies on the Settlement of Capital Projects , promulgated
by the SAFE on and effective as of June 9, 2016, continues to prohibit foreign-invested enterprises from,
among other things, using RMB fund converted from its foreign exchange capitals for expenditure beyond
its business scope, investment and financing in securities and other investments except for bank’s
principal-secured products, providing loans to non-affiliated enterprises or constructing or purchasing
real estate not for self-use.


On October 23, 2019, the SAFE promulgated the Circular on Further Promoting the Facilitation of Cross-
border Trade and Investment (“Circular 28”). Pursuant to Circular 28, on the basis of allowing investment-
oriented foreign-invested enterprise (including foreign-invested investment companies, foreign-invested
venture capital enterprises and foreign-invested equity investment enterprises) to use capital funds for
domestic equity investment in accordance with laws and regulations, non-investment foreign-invested
enterprises shall be allowed to use capital funds for domestic equity investment in accordance with the
laws under the premise of not violating the Negative List and the authenticity and compliance of their
domestic invested projects.


According to the Circular on Optimizing Administration of Foreign Exchange to Support the Development
of Foreign-related Business issued by the SAFE on April 10, 2020, eligible enterprises are allowed to
make domestic payments by using their capital funds, foreign credits and the income under capital
accounts of overseas listing, with no need to provide the evidentiary materials concerning authenticity
of such capital for banks in advance, provided that their capital use shall be authentic and in line
with provisions, and conform to the prevailing administrative regulations on the use of income under
capital accounts. The concerned bank shall conduct spot checking in accordance with the relevant
requirements.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   33
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     On December 25, 2006, the People’s Bank of China issued the Administration Measures on Individual
     Foreign Exchange Control and its Implementation Rules were issued by the SAFE on January 5, 2007,
     both of which became effective on February 1, 2007. The Implementation Rules was later amended on
     May 29, 2016. Under these regulations, all foreign exchange matters involved in the employee stock
     ownership plan, stock option plan and other similar plans, participated by onshore individuals shall
     be transacted upon approval from the SAFE or its authorized branch. On February 25, 2012, the SAFE
     promulgated the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Individuals
     Participating in the Stock Incentive Plan of An Overseas Listed Company , or Circular 7, to replace the
     Operating Procedures for Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in the Employee Stock
     Option Plan or Stock Option Plan of An Overseas Listed Company . Under Circular 7, the board members,
     supervisors, officers or other employees, including PRC citizens and foreigners having lived within the
     territory of the PRC successively for at least one year of a PRC entity, who participate in stock incentive
     plans or equity compensation plans by an overseas publicly listed company, or the PRC participants, are
     required, through a PRC agent or PRC subsidiaries of such overseas publicly-listed company, to complete
     certain foreign exchange registration procedures with respect to the plans upon the examination by, and
     approval of, the SAFE. We and our PRC participants who have been granted stock options are subject to
     Circular 7. If our PRC participants who hold such options or our PRC subsidiary fail to comply with these
     regulations, such participants and their PRC employer may be subject to fines and legal sanctions.


     REGULATIONS ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT
     The SCNPC enacted the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC on March 15, 2019 and the State Council
     promulgated the Implementation Regulations of Foreign Investment Law of the PRC on December 26,
     2019, both of which came into force on January 1, 2020. On December 30, 2019, the MOC and the SAMR
     jointly promulgated the Measures on Reporting of Foreign Investment Information , which also became
     effective on January 1, 2020. Under these laws and regulations, foreign investors or foreign-invested
     enterprises shall report and update investment information to the competent authorities for commerce
     through the Enterprise Registration System and the Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System. Any
     foreign investor or foreign-invested company found to be non-compliant with these reporting obligations
     may potentially be subject to fines and legal sanctions.


     The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC , together with its Implementation Regulations replaced, in their
     entirety, the trio of previous laws regulating foreign investment in China, namely, the Sino-foreign Equity
     Joint Venture Enterprise Law , the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law and the Wholly
     Foreign-invested Enterprise Law , together with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations.
     Generally speaking, the Company Law of the PRC or the Partnership Law of the PRC (promulgated by
     the SCNPC in February 1997 and amended in August 2006) shall apply with respect to the organization
     of foreign-invested enterprises. The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC provides that foreign invested
     enterprises established according to the previous laws regulating foreign investment may maintain their
     current structure and corporate governance during the five-year transition period. This implies that we
     may be required to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our PRC subsidiaries
     in the transition period. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to cope with any of these or
     similar regulatory compliance requirements may lead to regulatory incompliance and hence materially
     and adversely affect our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations.




34   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                         BUSINESS OVERVIEW



REGULATIONS ON SHARE CAPITAL
In October 2005, the SCNPC issued the amended Company Law of the PRC , which became effective on
January 1, 2006 and was amended in October 2018. On June 17, 2014, the MOC issued the Notice of the
Ministry of Commerce on Improving the Administration of Foreign Investment Review . Pursuant to the
above regulations, shareholders of a foreign-invested company are obligated to make full and timely
contribution to the registered capital of the foreign-invested company in accordance with the company’s
articles of association pursuant to which the restrictions or requirements on the percentage of initial
capital contribution, the percentage of cash contribution and the period of contribution imposed on
foreign-invested companies (including companies invested by investors from Taiwan, Hong Kong and
Macao regions) are abolished. A company which proposes to reduce its registered capital shall prepare
a balance sheet and a list of assets. The company shall notify its creditors within ten days from the
date of resolution on reduction of registered capital and publish an announcement in the newspapers
within 30 days. The creditors may, within 30 days from receipt of the notice or within 45 days from the
announcement date, require the company to settle the debts or provide a corresponding guarantee.
Shareholders of certain of our PRC subsidiaries have mandatory preemptive rights.


REGULATIONS ON DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
The principal regulations governing distribution of dividends of foreign-invested enterprises include the
Company Law of the PRC (the “Company Law”).

Under the Company Law, companies shall contribute 10% of the profits into their statutory surplus
reserve upon distribution of their post-tax profits of the current year. A company may discontinue the
contribution when the aggregate sum of the statutory surplus reserve is more than 50% of its registered
capital.


REGULATIONS ON OFFSHORE FINANCING
On October 21, 2005, the SAFE issued Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control
on Domestic Residents’ Corporate Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through Offshore Special
Purpose Vehicles , or Circular 75, which became effective as of November 1, 2005. Under Circular 75, if
PRC residents use assets or equity interests in their PRC entities as capital contributions to establish
offshore companies or inject assets or equity interests of their PRC entities into offshore companies
to raise capital overseas, they are required to register with local SAFE branches with respect to their
overseas investments in offshore companies. PRC residents are also required to file amendments to
their registrations if their offshore companies experience material events involving capital variation,
such as changes in share capital, share transfers, mergers and acquisitions, spin-off transactions, long-
term equity or debt investments or uses of assets in China to guarantee offshore obligations. Moreover,
Circular 75 applies retroactively. As a result, PRC residents who have established or acquired control
of offshore companies that have made onshore investments in the PRC in the past were required to
complete the relevant registration procedures with the local SAFE branch by March 31, 2006. Under the
relevant rules, failure to comply with the registration procedures set forth in Circular 75 may result in
restrictions being imposed on the foreign exchange activities of the relevant onshore company, including
the increase of its registered capital, the payment of dividends and other distributions to its offshore
parent or affiliate and the capital inflow from the offshore entity, and may also subject relevant PRC
residents to penalties under PRC foreign exchange administration regulations. PRC residents who control
our company are required to register periodically with the SAFE in connection with their investments in
us.


                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   35
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     The SAFE issued a series of guidelines to its local branches with respect to the operational process
     for SAFE registration, including the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further
     Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies for Direct Investment , or Circular 59,
     which came into effect as of December 17, 2012. The guidelines standardized more specific and stringent
     supervision on the registration required by Circular 75. For example, the guidelines impose obligations
     on onshore subsidiaries of an offshore entity to make true and accurate statements to the local SAFE
     authorities in case any shareholder or beneficial owner of the offshore entity is a PRC citizen or resident.
     Untrue statements by the onshore subsidiaries will lead to potential liability for the subsidiaries, and in
     some instances, for their legal representatives and other individuals.


     On July 4, 2014, the SAFE issued the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on
     Relevant Issues concerning Foreign Exchange Administration of the Overseas Investment and Financing
     and Round-trip Investments by Domestic Residents through Special Purpose Vehicles , or Circular 37,
     which became effective and suspended Circular 75 on the same date, and Circular 37 shall prevail over
     any other inconsistency between itself and relevant regulations promulgated previously. Pursuant to
     Circular 37, any PRC residents, including both PRC institutions and individual residents, are required
     to register with the local branch of the SAFE before making a contribution to an enterprise directly
     established or indirectly controlled by the PRC residents outside of the PRC for the purpose of overseas
     investment or financing with their legally owned domestic or offshore assets or equity interests, referred
     to in this circular as a “special purpose vehicle”. Under Circular 37, the term “PRC institutions” refers to
     entities with legal person status or other economic organizations established within the territory of the
     PRC. The term “PRC individual residents” includes all PRC citizens (also including PRC citizens abroad)
     and foreigners who habitually reside in the PRC for economic benefit. A registered special purpose
     vehicle is required to amend its SAFE registration or file with respect to such vehicle in connection with
     any change of basic information including PRC individual resident shareholder, name, term of operation,
     or PRC individual resident’s increase or decrease of capital, transfer or exchange of shares, merger,
     division or other material changes. In addition, if a non-listed special purpose vehicle grants any equity
     incentives to directors, supervisors or employees of domestic companies under its direct or indirect
     control, the relevant PRC individual residents could register with the local branch of the SAFE before
     exercising such options. The SAFE simultaneously issued guidance to its local branches with respect
     to the implementation of Circular 37. Under Circular 37, failure to comply with the foreign exchange
     registration procedures may result in restrictions being imposed on the foreign exchange activities of the
     relevant onshore company, including restrictions on the payment of dividends and other distributions
     to its offshore parent company and the capital inflow from the offshore entity, and may also subject the
     relevant PRC residents and onshore company to penalties under the PRC foreign exchange administration
     regulations. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – PRC regulations relating to
     the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident
     shareholders to personal liability and limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our
     PRC subsidiaries’ ability to distribute profits to us, or otherwise adversely affect us.”




36   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW


On September 14, 2015, the NDRC issued the Circular of the National Development and Reform
Commission on Promoting the Administrative Reform of the Record-filing and Registration System for
the Issuance of Foreign Debts by Enterprises to remove the quota review and approval system for the
issuance of foreign debts (including bonds and loans for more than 1 year) by enterprises, reform and
innovate the ways that foreign debts are managed, and implement the administration of record-filing
and the registration system.


On January 5, 2023, the NDRC issued the Administrative Measures for Examination and Registration of
Medium- and Long-term Foreign Debts of Enterprises, which took effect on February 10, 2023, replacing
the above Circular of the National Development and Reform Commission on Promoting the Administrative
Reform of the Record-filing and Registration System for the Issuance of Foreign Debts by Enterprises.
The new Administrative Measures provide more clarity on the procedures and requirements of the
registration and reporting of medium- and long-term foreign debts.


REGULATIONS ON MERGER AND ACQUISITION AND OVERSEAS LISTING
On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, namely the MOC, the State Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, the SAIC, the China Securities
Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, and the SAFE, jointly adopted the Regulations on Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors , or the New M&A Rule, also known as Circular
10, which became effective on September 8, 2006. This New M&A Rule, as amended on June 22, 2009,
purports, among other things, to require offshore special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, formed for overseas
listing purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies and controlled by PRC companies or
individuals, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas
stock exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published a notice on its official website specifying
documents and materials required to be submitted to it by SPVs seeking the CSRC approval of their
overseas listings.


While the application of this new regulation remains unclear, we believe, based on the advice of our PRC
counsel, that the CSRC approval is not required in the context of our Listing because we established
our PRC subsidiaries by means of direct investment other than by merger or acquisition of domestic
companies, and we started to operate our business in the PRC through foreign invested enterprises
before September 8, 2006, the effective date of the New M&A Rule. However, we cannot assure you that
the relevant PRC regulators, including the CSRC, would reach the same conclusion as our PRC counsel.
If the CSRC or other PRC regulatory body subsequently determines that CSRC’s approval was required
for our Listing, we may face sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory agencies, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and
prospects, as well as the trading prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   37
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     The New M&A Rule also established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger
     and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex, including requirements
     in some instances that the MOC be notified in advance of any change of control transaction in which a
     foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise.


     On July 30, 2017, for the purpose of promoting the reform of the foreign investment administrative
     system and simplifying the administrative procedures, the MOC amended the Interim Measures for
     the Record-filing Administration of the Incorporation and Change of Foreign-invested Enterprises
     which was promulgated in October 2016 and further amended in June 2018. According to the amended
     interim measures, a record-filing administration system shall apply to foreign investors’ mergers and
     acquisitions of domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises and strategic investments in listed companies,
     provided that they do not involve the implementation of special access administrative measures
     prescribed by the PRC regulators or involve the mergers and acquisitions of affiliates.


     On December 30, 2019, for the purpose of further promoting the foreign investment administration
     and simplifying the administrative procedures, the MOC and the SAMR promulgated the Measures on
     Reporting of Foreign Investment Information , which became effective on January 1, 2020 and suspended
     the Interim Measures for the Record-filing Administration of the Incorporation and Change of Foreign-
     invested Enterprises on the same date. Under this regulation, an information reporting system shall
     apply to foreign investors’ mergers and acquisitions of domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises and
     strategic investments in listed companies, provided that they comply with the implementation of special
     access administrative measures prescribed by the PRC regulators and do not involve the mergers and
     acquisitions of affiliates. Specifically, under the information reporting system, where a new foreign-
     invested enterprise is incorporated or a non-foreign invested enterprise changes to a foreign-invested
     enterprise through acquisition, merger or other means, such incorporation or change no longer requires
     approval or record-filing of MOC, but shall be reported online to the commerce administrative authorities
     through the Enterprise Registration System and the National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity
     System, together with the registration with the relevant department of the SAMR through the same
     systems.




38   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW



REGULATION ON SECURITY REVIEW
In August 2011, the MOC promulgated the Rules of Ministry of Commerce on Implementation of
Security Review System of Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors , or
the MOC Security Review Rule, which came into effect on September 1, 2011, to implement the Notice
of the General Office of the State Council on Establishing the Security Review System for Mergers and
Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors promulgated on February 3, 2011. Under these
regulations, a security review is required for foreign investors’ mergers and acquisitions having “national
defense and security” implications and mergers and acquisitions by which foreign investors may
acquire “de facto control” of domestic enterprises having “national security” implications. In addition,
when deciding whether a specific merger or acquisition of a domestic enterprise by foreign investors is
subject to a security review, the MOC will look into the substance and actual impact of the transaction.
The MOC Security Review Rule further prohibits foreign investors from bypassing the security review
requirement by structuring transactions through proxies, trusts, indirect investments, leases, loans,
control through contractual arrangements or offshore transactions. Based on the above regulations, on
December 19, 2020, the NDRC and MOC jointly issued the Measures for the Security Review of Foreign
Investments , which became effective as of January 18, 2021. The Measures for the Security Review of
Foreign Investments establishes a comprehensive security review system of foreign investments, which,
among others, expands the review subjects to various types of foreign investments that affect or may
affect national security, including greenfield investments and investments in other forms. Similar to
the previous regulations, the foreign investments subject to security review include investments having
“national defense security” implications and investments by which foreign investors may acquire “de
facto control” of invested enterprises having “national security” implications.


REGULATIONS ON LABOR CONTRACTS AND SOCIAL SECURITY
The Labor Law of the PRC , which was promulgated by the SCNPC on July 5, 1994, came into effect on
January 1, 1995, and was amended on August 27, 2009 and December 29, 2018, the Labor Contract
Law of the PRC that became effective on January 1, 2008, as amended on December 28, 2012, and the
Implementation Regulations on Labor Contract Law of the PRC which was promulgated and came into
effect on September 18, 2008 by the State Council seek to clarify the responsibilities of both employers
and employees and codifies certain basic rights and protections of employees. Among others, the
Labor Contract Law of the PRC provides that after completing two fixed-term employment contracts,
an employee that desires to continue working for an employer is entitled to require a non-fixed-term
employment contract. In addition, employees who have been employed for more than ten years by the
same employer are entitled to require a non-fixed-term contract. The Labor Contract Law of the PRC
also requires that the employees dispatched from human resources outsourcing firms or labor agencies
be limited to temporary, auxiliary or substitute positions. Furthermore, an employer may be held jointly
liable for any damages to its dispatched employees caused by its human resources outsourcing firm or
labor agency if it hired such employees through these entities. According to the Interim Provisions on
Labor Dispatch , which was promulgated in January 2014 and took effect in March 2014, to implement
the provisions of the Labor Contract Law of the PRC regarding labor dispatch, a company is permitted to
use dispatched employees for up to 10% of its labor force and the companies currently using dispatched
employees are given a two-year grace period after March 1, 2014 to comply with this limit.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   39
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     According to the Individual Income Tax Law of the PRC , which was promulgated on September 10, 1980
     by the National People’s Congress, last amended by the SCNPC on August 31, 2018 and came into effect
     on January 1, 2019, companies operating in China are required to withhold individual income tax on
     employees’ salaries based on the actual salary of each employee upon payment.


     According to the Law on Social Insurance of the PRC , which was promulgated by the SCNPC on October
     28, 2010, came into effect on July 1, 2011, and was amended on December 29, 2018, the Provisional
     Regulations on the Collection and Payment of Social Insurance Premium , which was promulgated by
     the State Council on January 22, 1999 and amended on March 24, 2019, and the Regulations on the
     Administration of Housing Provident Fund , which was promulgated by the State Council on April 3,
     1999 and came into effective on the same date, and was amended on March 24, 2002 and March 24,
     2019, employers are required to contribute, on behalf of their employees, to a number of social security
     funds, including funds for basic pension insurance, unemployment insurance, basic medical insurance,
     occupational injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident funds. Employers who fail to
     contribute may be fined and ordered to make good the deficit within a stipulated time limit.


     Considering the PRC regulatory authorities have continued to introduce various new labor-related
     regulations since the effectiveness of the labor contract law, and the interpretation and implementation
     of these regulations are still evolving, we cannot assure you that our employment practice will at all
     times be deemed in compliance with the new regulations. If we are subject to severe penalties or incur
     significant liabilities in connection with labor disputes or investigations, our business and results of
     operations may be adversely affected. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our current
     employment practices may be adversely impacted under the applicable labor laws.”


     REGULATION ON INFORMATION PROTECTION ON NETWORKS
     On December 28, 2012, the SCNPC issued Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People’s
     Congress on Strengthening Information Protection on Networks , pursuant to which network service
     providers and other enterprises and institutions shall, when gathering and using electronic personal
     information of citizens in business activities, publish their collection and usage rules and adhere to the
     principles of legality, rationality and necessarily, explicitly state the purposes, manners and scopes of
     collecting and using information, and obtain the consent of those from whom information is collected,
     and shall not collect and use information in violation of laws and regulations and the agreement between
     both sides; and the network service providers and other enterprises and institutions and their personnel
     must strictly keep such information confidential and may not divulge, alter, damage, sell, or illegally
     provide others with such information.




40   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                              BUSINESS OVERVIEW


On July 16, 2013, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, or the MIIT, issued the Provisions
on the Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet User . The requirements
under this order are stricter and specific compared to the above decision issued by the National People’s
Congress. According to the provisions, if a network service provider wishes to collect or use personal
information, it may do so only if such collection is necessary for the services it provides. Furthermore,
it must disclose to its users the purpose, method and scope of any such collection or usage, and must
obtain consent from the users whose information is being collected or used. Network service providers
are also required to establish and publish their protocols relating to personal information collection or
usage, keep any collected information strictly confidential and take technological and other measures to
maintain the security of such information. Network service providers are required to cease any collection
or usage of the relevant personal information, and provide services for the users to de-register the
relevant user account, when a user stops using the relevant Internet service. Network service providers
are further prohibited from divulging, distorting or destroying any such personal information, or selling or
providing such personal information unlawfully to other parties. In addition, if a network service provider
appoints an agent to undertake any marketing or technical services that involve the collection or usage
of personal information, the network service provider is required to supervise and manage the protection
of the information. The provisions state, in broad terms, that violators may face warnings, fines, public
exposure and, criminal liability whereas the case constitutes a crime.


On June 1, 2017, the Cybersecurity Law of the PRC promulgated in November, 2016 by the SCNPC
became effective. This law also absorbed and restated the principles and requirements mentioned in the
aforesaid decision and order, and further provides that, where an individual finds any network operator
collects or uses his or her personal information in violation of the provisions of any law, regulation or
the agreement of both parties, the individual shall be entitled to request the network operator to delete
his or her personal information; if the individual finds that his or her personal information collected or
stored by the network operator has any error, he or she shall be entitled to request the network operator
to make corrections, and the network operator shall take measures accordingly. Pursuant to this law,
the violators may be subject to: (i) warning; (ii) confiscation of illegal gains and fines equal to one to ten
times of the illegal gains; or if without illegal gains, fines up to RMB1,000,000; or (iii) an order to shut
down the website, suspend the business operation for rectification, or revoke business license. Besides,
responsible persons may be subject to fines between RMB10,000 and RMB100,000.


On January 1, 2021, the Civil Code promulgated in May 2020 by the SCNPC became effective. The Civil
Code protects individuals’ right to personal information and provides for similar requirements for
personal information protection as the Cybersecurity Law. Individuals may bring up civil litigations based
on the Civil Code if their right to personal information is infringed upon.


From criminal law perspective, the PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on
February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies
and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen’s personal information
obtained during the course of performing duties or providing services or obtained through theft or other
illegal ways.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   41
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     REGULATION ON INFORMATION PROTECTION ON NETWORKS IN EUROPE
     The Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the
     processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC
     (GDPR), complemented by EU Member States law on data protection (e.g. in Germany the German Federal
     Data Protection Act), imposes certain requirements on the processing of personal data relating to natural
     persons. GDPR requirements will apply both to companies established in the EU and to companies, such
     as us, that are not established in the EU but process personal data of individuals who are in the EU (and
     in the EEA subject to the enactment of implementation procedures), where the processing activities
     relate to: (a) the offering of goods or services, irrespective of whether a payment of the data subject is
     required, to such data subjects in the EU; or (b) the monitoring of their behavior as far as their behavior
     takes place within the EU. Therefore, the GDPR applies to our EU entities as well as the offering of
     services by our non-EU entities when EU guests are targeted. The GDPR imposes on subject companies
     a large number of obligations, which relate for example, but are not limited, to (i) the principles applying
     to the processing of personal data, for example, lawfulness, fairness, transparency, purpose limitation,
     data minimization and “privacy by design”, accuracy, storage limitations to process and store personal
     data only as long as necessary, access restrictions on a “need to know basis”, and ensuring security and
     confidentiality of personal data by technical and organizational measures; (ii) the ability of the controller
     to demonstrate compliance with such principles (accountability); (iii) the obligation to identify a legal
     basis before the processing (special requirements apply to certain specific categories of data such as
     health related data and other sensitive data); and (iv) data subjects rights (for example, transparency,
     right of information about personal data processed, right of access/receive copies, right to rectification,
     right to erasure, right to restrict processing, right to data portability, and right to object to a processing
     under certain circumstances). This leads to companies being under the obligation to implement a
     number of formal processes and policies reviewing and documenting the privacy implications of the
     development, acquisition, or use of all new products and services, technologies, or types of data. The
     GDPR provides for substantial fines for breaches of data protection requirements, which, depending
     on the infringed provisions of the GDPR, can go up to either (thresholds depending on the obligations
     which have been breached): (i) 2% of the group’s annual worldwide turnover of the preceding financial
     year or EUR10 million, whichever is greater, or (ii) 4% of the group’s annual worldwide turnover of the
     preceding financial year or EUR20 million, whichever is greater. The fine may be imposed instead of, or
     in addition to, measures that may be ordered by supervisory authorities (for example, request to cease
     the processing). The GDPR and EU Member States law also provide for private enforcement mechanisms
     and, in the most severe cases, criminal liability.


     The Directive (EC) 2002/58 of 12 July 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection
     of privacy in the electronic communications sector imposes restrictions on the use of cookies and similar
     means as well as on website tracking, including the requirement to obtain informed consent for storage
     or access to information stored on a user’s terminal equipment in the EU in certain cases (in particular
     for cookies which track for marketing purposes).




42   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW



HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY
The following table illustrates the key milestones of our history and business development:


Year            Milestone

2005            We launched the first HanTing Hotel in Kunshan, Suzhou.


2008            We launched our budget hotel product, HanTing Hi Inn , which was subsequently
                rebranded as Hi Inn .


2010            Our ADSs were listed on the NASDAQ Global Selected Market.


                We launched the first JI Hotel in Shanghai.


2012            We acquired a 51% equity interest in Starway HK, a midscale hotel chain, and expanded
                our offering to four hotel brands.


                We changed our Chinese trade name from “HanTing Hotel Group” to “HuaZhu Hotel
                Group”.


2013            We acquired the remaining 49% equity interest in Starway HK from C-Travel
                International Limited.


                We adopted the first proprietary cloud-based property management system in China.


2014            We entered into agreements with Accor S.A., or Accor, to join forces in the Pan-China
                region to develop Accor brand hotels and to form an extensive and long-term alliance
                with Accor.


                We offered the first automated self-check-in or check-out kiosks in China, featuring
                advanced technologies such as facial recognition.


2016            We completed our transaction with Accor. For further details, please refer to the sub-
                sections headed “Major Acquisitions” and “Strategic Alliance with Accor” in this section.


                We adopted a centralized procurement system, leveraging our Internet of Things
                technology, which allows all hotels across the network to make bulk purchases of hotel
                supplies.


2017            We completed the acquisition of all of the equity interests in Crystal Orange, which
                operated hotels under the brands Crystal Orange Hotel and Orange Hotel .


                We issued US$475 million of 0.375% convertible senior notes due 2022.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   43
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     Year              Milestone

     2018              We changed our name to Huazhu Group Limited, or Huazhu.


                       We completed the acquisition in steps of a majority stake in Blossom Hotel
                       Management, which was engaged in the business of operating and managing hotels
                       under Blossom Hill Hotels & Resorts (currently Blossom House ) brand in the upscale
                       market in the PRC.


     2019              We were a winner of the “2019 CIO 100 Award”, which recognized us as one of the 100
                       most innovative organizations worldwide that use information technology in innovative
                       ways to deliver business value.


                       Our H Rewards loyalty program surpassed 150 million members.


                       We opened our first overseas hotel in Singapore under JI Hotel brand, which we directly
                       operate.


     2020              We completed the acquisition of all equity interest in Steigenberger Hotels AG, which
                       was engaged in the business of operating and managing hotels under five brands,
                       namely Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts, MAXX by Steigenberger, Jaz in the City,
                      IntercityHotel and Zleep Hotels, primarily in Europe.


                       We issued US$500 million of 3% convertible senior notes due 2026.


                       We completed our global offering and listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We
                       issued a total of 23,485,450 ordinary shares (including 3,063,300 ordinary shares
                       pursuant to the exercise of over-allotment option) at a public offering price of HKD297
                       (US$38.31) per ordinary share. Our ordinary shares started to be traded on the Hong
                       Kong Stock Exchange on September 22, 2020. The offering size and offering price
                       presented in this paragraph did not retroactively reflect the Share Subdivision.


                       We completed the put right offer relating to the 2022 Notes.


     2021              We completed the acquisition of CitiGO in May 2021, which operates hotels under the
                       brand of CitiGO Hotel .

     2022              We changed our name to H World Group Limited, or H World.

                       We fully redeemed our convertible senior notes due 2022 on the maturity date of
                       November 1, 2022.


     Our principal executive offices are located at No. 1299 Fenghua Road, Jiading District, Shanghai 201803,
     People’s Republic of China. Our telephone number at this address is +86 (21) 6195-2011. Our registered
     office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681,
     Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.




44   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Investors should contact us for any inquiries through the address and telephone number of our principal
executive offices. Our website is http://www.hworld.com. The information contained on our website is not
a part of this annual report.

The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov), which contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information regarding us that file electronically with the SEC.


ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
The following diagram illustrates our corporate and ownership structure, the place of formation and the
ownership interests of our subsidiaries as of March 31, 2023.

                        100%                                                                               100%                                                                                                                                                                                             100%                                            100%
                                                                                                                                                                            H World Group Limited




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          China Lodging Holdings (HK) Limited
           China Lodging Investment Limited                4 Subsidiaries                    H World Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (Hong Kong)
                       (Cayman)                                                                          (Singapore)


                                                                       100%
                                                                                                                                                     100%                                    49%                                                          100%                                                                100%

                                                                  Huazhu                                                 2 Subsidiaries
                                                                Investment
                                                              GmbH (Germany)

                                                              0%, GP                100%, LP                               100%                                                                                                                                                                                     Huazhu Investment I
        100%              100%                100%                                                                                            Starway Hotels                       Crystal Orange Hotel                     51%                     Huazhu K.K                                                            Limited
                                                                                                                                            (Hong Kong) Limited                      Holdings Limited                                                                           10 Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                (Hong Kong)                                                                                           (Japan)                                                           (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                                                                           (BVI)
                                                              DH Group GmbH
                                                                 & Co KG
      ACL                                                       (Germany)
    Greater          Ibis China           TAHM                                                                                                                                                  100%
                                                                                                                                                                        100%
     China          Investment         Investment
                      Limited            Limited                        100%
    Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      100%                             95%              100%                  100%
  (Hong Kong)       (Hong Kong)       (Hong Kong)              Steigenberger                                               Huazhu
                                                               Hotels GmbH                                               Hospitality Inc
                                                                 (Germany)                                                   (BVI)                                                           Orange Hotel
                                                                                                                                                                                           Hong Kong Limited
                                                            100%                                                                                                                              (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                    100%


                                                       Intercity                                                      Huazhu Hospitality
                                                                                  22
                                                     Hotel GmbH                                                       (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                              Subsidiaries
                                                      (Germany)                                                           (Hong Kong)



         100%                                 100%
                                                                   100%                100%                   100%                  50%               100%                                 100%            100%


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Offshore

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Onshore




                                                                                                        HanTing                                                                                           Beijing Crystal                                                                                                                 Yiju                Han Ting
 Yagao Meihua                        Tianjin Yagao                                                                                            Starway Hotel                             Orange                                                                                            Jiangsu Keting       Shanghai               (Shanghai)
                                                                                                       (Shanghai)            Yongle                               Beijing Orange                          Orange Hotel                                 Hanting Xingkong                                                                                       (Tianjin)
     Hotel                               Hotel                                                                                                Management                                 Hotel                                                                                     5%      Commercial         Hanting Hotel              Hotel
                                                                                                       Enterprise         Huazhu Hotel                            Times Software                          Management                                   (Shanghai) Hotel                                                                                     Investment
 Management        7 Subsidiaries    Management                                  9 Subsidiaries                                                (Shanghai)                             Management                                                                                             and Trade        Management
                                                                                                      Management         & Resort Group                              Tech Co.,                             Consulting                                 Management Co., Ltd                                                            Management             Consulting
    Co., Ltd                            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                Co., Ltd                            (China) Co, Ltd                                                                                          Co., Ltd         Group, Ltd               Co., Ltd
                                                                                                         Co., Ltd             (PRC)                                  Ltd (PRC)                                Co, Ltd                                        (PRC)                                                                                             Co., Ltd
     (PRC)                               (PRC)                                                                                                    (PRC)                                   (PRC)                                                                                                (PRC)             (PRC)                   (PRC)
                                                                                                          (PRC)                                                                                                (PRC)                                                                                                                                            (PRC)




                                                                                                       100%                100%                                                                                                         100%          100%                 100%
                                                                                                                                                                                             100%




                                                                                                                              Jizhu
                                                                                                      Huazhu Hotel                                                                                                                Tianjin Huasu     Hanting             Huazhu Hotel
                                                                                                                          Information                                               Beijing Qitian
                                                                                                      Management                                                                                                                    Enterprise    Technology            Management
                                                                                                                          Technology                                                Holiday Hotel
 9 Subsidiaries                                                                 10 Subsidiaries         (Ningbo)                              2 Subsidiaries                                              6 Subsidiaries          Management       (Suzhou)               Co., Ltd        30 Subsidiaries     68 Subsidiaries        3 Subsidiaries     2 Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                           (Shanghai)                                                  Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Co., Ltd                                                                                                                    Co., Ltd       Co., Ltd               (PRC)
                                                                                                                             Co., Ltd                                                    (PRC)
                                                                                                          (PRC)                                                                                                                       (PRC)          (PRC)
                                                                                                                              (PRC)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  86.85%


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  H-World Information and              Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   87 Subsidiaries(2)               Technology Co., Ltd                  Affiliated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (PRC)                         Entities(1)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2 subsidiaries                                        Contractual
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Ownership




(1)
                      We have four affiliated entities consolidated through contractual arrangements: Tianjin Jizhu, Shanghai Huanmei and its
                      wholly-owned subsidiary Huanmei Travel, and Ningbo Futing. The registered shareholders of these Consolidated Affiliated
                      Entities are (i) Mr. Pengfei Jiang, who is the director/supervisor of certain of our subsidiaries, holding 100% of equity interest
                      in Tianjin Jizhu, (ii) Mr. Pengfei Jiang and Mr. Andong Chen, our employee, holding 90% and 10% of equity interest in Shanghai
                      Huanmei, respectively, and (iii) Mr. Dongfu Shi, who is the director/supervisor of certain of our subsidiaries, holding 100% of
                      equity interest in Ningbo Futing.

(2)
                      Includes our Consolidated Fund, namely Ningbo Hongting, which is a limited liability partnership with Huazhu Hotel
                      Management Co., Ltd, a wholly-owned entity of the Company, and certain third-party investors serving as the limited partners
                      (“LPs”) and Ningbo Qiji Galaxy Investment Management Center (“Ningbo Qiji”), a wholly-owned entity of the Company, serving
                      as the general partner (“GP”). Ningbo Hongting and its subsidiary primarily operate hotel businesses and invest in companies
                      in the hotel industry.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022                                                                                                45
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     The following table sets forth summary information for our significant subsidiaries as of March 31, 2023.


                                                                        Date of
                                                        Percentage of   Incorporation/          Place of
     Major Subsidiaries                                    Ownership    Acquisition             Incorporation

     China Lodging Holdings (HK) Limited                       100%     October 22, 2008        Hong Kong
     H World Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd.                      100%     April 14, 2010          Singapore
     HanTing Xingkong (Shanghai) Hotel Management              100%     March 3, 2006           PRC
       Co., Ltd.
     HanTing (Tianjin) Investment Consulting Co., Ltd          100%     January 16, 2008        PRC
     HanTing Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.                     100%     December 3, 2008        PRC
     HanTing (Shanghai) Enterprise Management                  100%     December 14, 2010       PRC
       Co., Ltd.
     Starway Hotel Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.             100%     May 1, 2012             PRC
     HuaZhu Hotel Management Co., Ltd.                         100%     August 16, 2012         PRC
     Jizhu Information Technology (Shanghai)                   100%     February 26, 2014       PRC
       Co., Ltd.
     ACL Greater China Limited                                 100%     January 25, 2016        Hong Kong
     Huazhu Investment I Limited                               100%     November 10, 2017       Hong Kong
     Yagao Meihua Hotel Management Co., Ltd.                   100%     January 25, 2016        PRC
     Orange Hotel Management (China) Co., Ltd.                 100%     May 25, 2017            PRC
     Beijing Crystal Orange Hotel Management                   100%     May 25, 2017            PRC
       Consulting Co., Ltd.
     Huazhu Hotel Management (Ningbo) Co., Ltd.                100%     July 20, 2018           PRC
     H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd              86.85%    November 7, 2013        PRC
       (盟廣信息技術有限公司)
     Steigenberger Hotels GmbH                                 100%     January 2, 2020         Germany
     IntercityHotel GmbH                                       100%     January 2, 2020         Germany




46   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


H World Group Limited is not a Chinese operating company but a holding company incorporated in the
Cayman Islands. As a holding company with no material operations of its own, H World Group Limited
conducts substantially all of its business through its subsidiaries, and for some businesses the direct
holding of which is restricted by PRC law, through the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. While we do not
have any equity ownership of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, the contractual arrangements we
have with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities enables us to direct the activities that most significantly
affect the economic performance of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, as well as receive the economic
benefits from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. In addition, we also have one Consolidated Fund,
and the Consolidated Fund has a subsidiary, which primarily operate hotel businesses and invest in
companies in the hotel industry. While we have minority equity ownership in the Consolidated Fund, the
Consolidated Fund’s partnership arrangement enables us to direct the activities that most significantly
affect its economic performance, as well as receive its significant economic benefits. Because of
these arrangements, we have control over and are the primary beneficiary of the VIEs for accounting
purposes and, therefore, have consolidated the financial results of the VIEs in our consolidated financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any references to control or benefits that accrue to us
because of the VIEs in this annual report are limited to, and are subject to conditions for consolidation of,
the VIEs under U.S. GAAP. Investors in our securities do not own equity interest in our operating entities,
including our subsidiaries, the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and the Consolidated Fund in China, but
instead own equity interest in the Cayman Islands holding company. Our securities that are listed on the
stock exchanges are securities of our Cayman Islands holding company, not of our operating subsidiaries
or the VIEs.


Contractual Arrangements with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
We have entered into a series of contractual arrangements with each of Tianjin Jizhu, Shanghai Huanmei
and Ningbo Futing and the respective nominee shareholder(s) of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities (the
“Affiliated Entity Shareholders”), as described in more detail below, including (i) the power of attorney,
the share pledge agreement and the loan agreement, which provide us with effective control over and
ability to receive significant economic benefits from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to the extent
permitted by PRC law; and (ii) exclusive option agreements, which provide us with exclusive options to
purchase all or part of the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to the extent permitted
by PRC law.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   47
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     The contractual arrangements with each of Tianjin Jizhu, Shanghai Huanmei and Ningbo Futing were
     entered into by and among Huazhu Hotel Management Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of H World
     Group Limited (“HZ Hotel Management”), the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and each of their respective
     nominee shareholder(s). The contractual arrangements between each Consolidated Affiliated Entity on
     the one hand, and HZ Hotel Management and the respective Affiliated Entity Shareholders on the other
     hand, are all on substantially the same terms, which are summarized below:


     Share Pledge Agreement
     Pursuant to the Share Pledge Agreement among HZ Hotel Management, the Consolidated Affiliated
     Entity and the Affiliated Entity Shareholders, the Affiliated Entity Shareholders have pledged 100%
     equity interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entity to HZ Hotel Management to guarantee the
     performance by the Consolidated Affiliated Entity and its shareholder(s) of their obligations under
     the contractual arrangements. Pursuant to this agreement, HZ Hotel Management has right to claim
     dividends or distributive profits with regard to the pledged shares from the Consolidated Affiliated Entity.
     The Consolidated Affiliated Entity Shareholders also agreed, without HZ Hotel Management’s prior
     written consent, not to transfer the pledged shares, or establish or permit the existence of any security
     interest or other encumbrance on the pledged shares, except by the performance of the Exclusive Option
     Agreement. The Share Pledge Agreement will remain effective until the Consolidated Affiliated Entity and
     the Affiliated Entity Shareholders have discharged all their obligations and fully paid all the amounts
     payable under the contractual arrangements.


     Loan Agreement
     Pursuant to the Loan Agreement among HZ Hotel Management and the respective Affiliated Entity
     Shareholders, HZ Hotel Management agrees to provide the shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated
     Entity with a loan to fund the Consolidated Affiliated Entity. This loan will be repaid only by transfer
     of Affiliated Entity Shareholders’ equity interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entity to HZ Hotel
     Management or any person designated by HZ Hotel Management pursuant to the Exclusive Option
     Agreement. Without the prior written consent of HZ Hotel Management, Affiliated Entity Shareholders
     may not, in any manner, among other things, supplement or amend the articles of associations of the
     Consolidated Affiliated Entity; increase or reduce its registered capital or change the structure of its
     registered capital in other manners; sell, transfer, pledge or dispose of its assets, legal or beneficial
     interests in business or revenue or allow any encumbrance on such assets, business or revenue;
     assume, inherit, guarantee any debt, or allow the existence of any debt, except for debts incurred in the
     ordinary course of business and debts known and agreed in writing by HZ Hotel Management; cause
     the Consolidated Affiliated Entity to enter into any material contract with value above RMB100,000
     outside the ordinary course of business; provide loans or credits in any form to any other persons; cause
     or permit to merge, consolidate with, acquire or invest in any other persons; or distribute dividends to
     its shareholders. The loan agreement will remain effective until ten years after the date of the Loan
     Agreement and the loan under this agreement should be fully repaid before or upon the termination of
     the Loan Agreement.




48   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                             BUSINESS OVERVIEW



Exclusive Option Agreement
Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreement among HZ Hotel Management, the Consolidated Affiliated
Entity and the Affiliated Entity Shareholders, the Affiliated Entity Shareholders irrevocably grant HZ
Hotel Management or any third party designated by HZ Hotel Management an exclusive option to
purchase all or part of their equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entity at the higher of (i) the
lowest price permitted by applicable PRC laws and (ii) a nominal price of RMB100. This agreement will
remain effective until 20 years after the date of the agreement, and will be automatically renewed at the
discretion of HZ Hotel Management.


Power of Attorney
Pursuant to the Power of Attorney given by the Affiliated Entity Shareholders, the Affiliated Entity
Shareholders irrevocably authorize HZ Hotel Management or any person(s) designated by HZ Hotel
Management to act as his or her attorney-in-fact to exercise all of his or her rights as a shareholder of
the Consolidated Affiliated Entity, including, but not limited to, the right to call and attend shareholders’
meetings, vote, sell, transfer, pledge or dispose of any or all of the shares, nominate, appoint or remove
the directors, supervisors and senior management, and other shareholders rights conferred by the
articles of association of the Consolidated Affiliated Entity and the relevant laws and regulations. This
power of attorney will remain in force as long as the shareholder remains a shareholder of the respective
Consolidated Affiliated Entity unless otherwise instructed by us. The Affiliated Entity Shareholders shall
not have the right to terminate this power of attorney or revoke the appointment of the attorney-in-fact.


These contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control
over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. If the Consolidated Affiliated Entities or their shareholders fail
to perform their respective obligations under these contractual arrangements, our recourse to the assets
held by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities is indirect and we may have to incur substantial costs and
expend significant resources to enforce such arrangements in reliance on legal remedies under PRC law.
These remedies may not always be effective. Furthermore, in connection with litigation, arbitration or
other judicial or dispute resolution proceedings, assets under the name of any record holder of equity
interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, including such equity interest, may be put under court
custody. As a consequence, we cannot be certain that the equity interest will be disposed of pursuant to
the contractual arrangement or ownership by the record holder of the equity interest.


There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future
PRC laws, regulations and rules, and regarding the status of the rights of our Cayman Islands holding
company with respect to its contractual arrangements with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, and their
shareholders. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure – Uncertainties exist with
respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and its implementing
rules and how they may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations” and “－The
nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may have potential conflicts of interest with
us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition” below in this annual
report for more details regarding these uncertainties.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   49
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     Partnership Arrangement with the Consolidated Fund
     In 2017, Ningbo Qiji, as the GP, and Huazhu Hotel Management Co., Ltd and certain third-party investors,
     as the LPs, entered into a Limited Partnership Agreement (the “LPA”) to establish Ningbo Hongting.
     Ningbo Qiji and Huazhu Hotel Management Co., Ltd together hold 40% of partnership interests in Ningbo
     Hongting. The term of the partnership as stipulated in the LPA is 10 years.


     Pursuant to the LPA, the GP, acting as the managing partner for Ningbo Hongting, is solely responsible
     for the management and the execution of all the activities required to carry on the main objectives of
     Ningbo Hongting and receive significant economic benefits. The LPs have limited influence over Ningbo
     Hongting’s investment decisions.


     PROPERTY, PLANTS AND EQUIPMENT
     Our headquarters are located in Shanghai, China and occupy nearly 30,000 square meters of office
     space, which is owned by us. As of December 31, 2022, we leased 695 out of our 8,543 hotel facilities
     with an aggregate size of approximately 5.1 million square meters, including approximately 109,000
     square meters subleased to others. As of December 31, 2022, we owned nine out of our 8,543 hotel
     facilities with an aggregate size of approximately 93,000 square meters. For detailed information about
     the locations of our hotels, see “Business Overview – Our Hotel Network.”




50   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


OPERATING RESULTS
You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere
in this annual report. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current
expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth
under “Risk Factors” or in other parts of this annual report.


OVERVIEW
We are a leading, fast-growing multi-brand hotel group in China with international operations. Our
hotels are operated under three different models: leased and owned, franchised, and franchised hotels
that we operate under management contracts, which we refer to as “manachised.” We expanded our
hotel network from 6,789 hotels as of December 31, 2020 to 8,543 hotels as of December 31, 2022,
representing a CAGR of 12.2%. As of December 31, 2022, we had 8,543 hotels in operation, including 704
leased and owned hotels and 7,839 manachised and franchised hotels, with an aggregate of 809,478
hotel rooms. As of the same date, we were developing an additional 2,580 hotels, including 40 leased
and owned hotels and 2,540 manachised and franchised hotels. On January 2, 2020, we completed the
acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality and have consolidated its financial information since then.


Our total revenue was RMB10,196 million, RMB12,785 million and RMB13,862 million (US$2,010 million)
in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. We had net loss attributable to H World Group of RMB2,192
million, RMB465 million and RMB1,821 million (US$264 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
Our adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) amounted to negative RMB244 million, RMB1,571 million and RMB610
million (US$88 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, and our net cash provided by operating
activities amounted to RMB609 million, RMB1,342 million and RMB1,564 million (US$227 million) in
these respective years.


SPECIFIC FACTORS AFFECTING OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
While our business is affected by factors relating to general economic conditions and the lodging
industry in China and other jurisdictions in which we operate, including business and leisure travel of the
customers and market competition (see “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our operating
results are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry in general” and “– The lodging industries
in China and Europe are competitive, and if we are unable to compete successfully, our financial
condition and results of operations may be harmed”), we believe that our results of operations are also
affected by company-specific factors, including, among others:




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   51
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •      The total number of hotels and hotel rooms in our hotel network . Our revenues largely depend on
            the size of our hotel network. Furthermore, we believe that the expanded geographic coverage of
            our hotel network will enhance our brand recognition. Whether we can successfully increase the
            number of hotels and hotel rooms in our hotel group is largely affected by our ability to effectively
            identify and lease, own, manachise or franchise additional hotel properties at desirable locations
            on commercially favorable terms and the availability of funding to make necessary capital
            investments to open these new hotels.


     •      Nature of the cost of our business . A significant portion of our operating costs and expenses,
            including rent and depreciation and amortization, is relatively fixed. As a result, an increase in our
            revenues achieved through higher RevPAR generally will result in higher profitability. Vice versa,
            a decrease in our revenues, in particular with respect to hotels temporarily closed during the
            COVID-19 outbreak, could result in a disproportionately larger decrease in our earnings because
            our operating costs and expenses are unlikely to decrease proportionately.


     •      The number of new leased and owned hotels under development. Generally, the operation of each
            leased and owned hotel goes through three stages: development, ramp-up and mature operations.
            During the development stage, our leased and owned hotels generate no revenue. In addition, we
            bear the pre-opening expenses for a substantial majority of our leased and owned hotels, which
            generally range from approximately RMB1.5 million to RMB20.0 million per hotel. For certain of our
            hotels (under Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for renovating the hotels (other
            than soft furnishing) and we are not required to pay rent until this renovation is completed. During
            periods when a large number of new leased and owned hotels are under development, the pre-
            opening expenses incurred may have a significant negative impact on our financial performance.


     •      The mix of mature and new leased and owned hotels, manachised hotels and franchised hotels .
            When a new hotel starts operation and goes through the ramp-up stage, the occupancy rate is
            relatively low and the room rate may be subject to discount. Revenues generated by these hotels
            are lower than those generated by mature hotels and may be insufficient to cover their operating
            costs, which are relatively fixed in nature and are similar to those of mature hotels. The lower
            profitability during the ramp-up stage for leased and owned hotels may have a significant negative
            impact on our financial performance. The length of the ramp-up stage may be affected by factors
            such as hotel size, seasonality and location. New hotels opened in lower-tier cities generally
            have longer ramp-up period. On average, it takes our hotels approximately six months to ramp
            up. We define mature leased and owned hotels as those that have been in operation for more
            than six months. Our mature leased and owned hotels have been and will continue to be the main
            contributor to our revenues in the foreseeable future.




52   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


      Under the manachise and franchise models, we generate revenues from franchise and service
      fees we charge to each manachised and franchised hotel while the franchisee bears substantially
      all the capital expenditures, pre-opening and operational expenses. The hotel operating costs
      relating to manachised hotels are mainly costs for hotel managers as we hire and send them to
      manachised hotels. An increasing proportion of manachised and franchised hotels in our hotel
      mix will allow us to benefit from the recurring cash inflows from franchise and service fees with
      minimal upfront costs and capital expenditures.


KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
We utilize a set of non-financial and financial key performance indicators which our senior management
reviews frequently. The review of these indicators facilitates timely evaluation of the performance of
our business and effective communication of results and key decisions, allowing our business to react
promptly to changing customer demands and market conditions. After our acquisition of Deutsche
Hospitality hotels in January 2020, we modified our operating segment structure into two operating
segments-legacy Huazhu and legacy DH. Our analysis below sets forth information of both operating
segments.


Non-financial Key Performance Indicators
Our non-financial key performance indicators consist of (i) change in the total number of hotels and hotel
rooms in our hotel group, (ii) RevPAR, especially RevPAR achieved by our leased and owned hotels, and
(iii) same-hotel RevPAR change.


Change in the total number of hotels and hotel rooms. We track the change in the total number of hotels
and hotel rooms in operation to monitor our business expansion. Our total hotels in operation increased
from 6,789 as of December 31, 2020 to 8,543 as of December 31, 2022.


Due to the impact of COVID-19, we had a large number of hotels in China temporarily requisitioned in
various locations and during different periods for the accommodation of medical support workers and
for quarantine purposes in relation to COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022, we had 572 hotels under
temporary requisition in China. Our legacy Huazhu business witnessed accelerated recovery since mid-
November 2022 after the Chinese authorities modified the COVID policy. We also had a large number
of hotels temporarily closed from time to time amid the pandemic. As a result, excluding hotels under
temporary requisition or temporarily closed, our total number of hotel room-nights available for sale
increased from 193.8 million as of December 31, 2020 to 229.5 million as of December 31, 2022 for legacy
Huazhu.


The hotel operations of Deutsche Hospitality in Europe was adversely affected beginning from early
March 2020. Local governments in Europe imposed travel restrictions and lockdowns to contain the
spread of COVID-19, and as a result, a number of our Deutsche Hospitality hotels were temporarily
closed in 2020. Thanks to the progress of vaccination campaigns and easing of social restrictions, legacy
DH hotels have experienced continuing RevPAR recovery since March 2022. As of December 31, 2022, all
hotels of Deutsche Hospitality that were temporarily closed due to COVID-19 had resumed operation and,
excluding a small number of hotels which were temporarily closed for reasons unrelated to COVID-19, the
total room-nights available for sale was 8.85 million for legacy DH.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   53
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth various measures of changes in the total number of hotels and hotel rooms
     (excluding room-nights of hotels under temporary requisition(1) or temporarily closed(2)) as of the dates
     indicated.


                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                              2020                           2021                             2022
                                                  Legacy Huazhu      Legacy DH   Legacy Huazhu       Legacy DH Legacy Huazhu         Legacy DH

     Total hotels in operation                            6,669           120            7,706               124          8,411           132
       Leased and owned hotels                             681             72             662                 76           623             81
       Manachised hotels                                  5,718            28            6,797                27          7,588            29
       Franchised hotels                                   270             20             247                 21           200             22
     Total hotel rooms in operation                     628,135         24,027         728,143          25,073         783,174          26,304
       Leased and owned hotels                           90,942         13,371          91,284          14,264          89,638          15,328
       Manachised hotels                                515,338          5,630         617,340              5,390      678,245           5,711
       Franchised hotels                                 21,855          5,026          19,519              5,419       15,291           5,265
     Total hotel room-nights available for sale     193,819,296      6,488,185     234,841,153        8,203,832     229,534,995      8,851,555
       Leased and owned hotels                       31,286,112      3,998,572      32,818,789        4,933,508      28,046,243      5,302,509
       Manachised hotels                            154,743,646      1,439,155     195,076,643        1,681,517     196,734,849      1,788,026
       Franchised hotels                              7,789,583      1,050,458       6,945,721        1,588,807       4,753,903      1,761,020


     (1)       As of December 31, 2022, 572 of legacy Huazhu’s hotels were temporarily requisitioned and no legacy DH hotel was
               requisitioned.

     (2)       As of December 31, 2022, ten of legacy Huazhu’s hotels and three hotels of legacy DH were temporarily closed. Legacy
               Huazhu’s hotels were temporarily closed for brand-upgrade and business-model-change purposes. For legacy DH, the hotels
               were temporarily closed for renovation, or due to flood damage, extensive hotel refurbishment.


     RevPAR . RevPAR is a commonly used operating measure in the lodging industry and is defined as the
     product of average occupancy rates and average daily room rates achieved.


     Occupancy rates of our hotels mainly depend on the locations of our hotels, product and service offering,
     the effectiveness of our sales and brand promotion efforts, our ability to effectively manage hotel
     reservations, the performance of managerial and other employees of our hotels, as well as our ability to
     respond to competitive pressure. From year to year, occupancy of our portfolio may fluctuate as a result
     of changes in the mix of our mature and ramp-up hotels, as well as special events and public health
     events.


     We set the room rates of our hotels primarily based on the location of a hotel, room rates charged by
     our competitors within the same locality, and our relative brand and product strength in the city or
     city cluster. From year to year, average daily room rates of our portfolio may change due to our yield
     management practice, city mix change and special events and public health events.


     The following table sets forth our RevPAR, average daily room rate and occupancy rate for legacy
     Huazhu’s leased and owned hotels as well as manachised and franchised hotels for the periods
     indicated.




54   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2020                   2021                  2022
                                                                                                              (Excluding hotels
                                                                                                              under requisition)

RevPAR (1) (in RMB)
      Leased and owned hotels                                                          166                   202                   174
      Manachised hotels                                                                147                   168                   156
      Franchised hotels                                                                129                   155                   130
      Total hotels in operation                                                        149                   172                   157
Average daily room rate          (1)
                                       (in RMB)
      Leased and owned hotels                                                          241                   286                   272
      Manachised hotels                                                                204                   231                   231
      Franchised hotels                                                                208                   238                   222
      Total hotels in operation                                                        210                   239                   236
Occupancy rate (as a percentage)
      Leased and owned hotels                                                            69                    71                    64
      Manachised hotels                                                                  72                    73                    67
      Franchised hotels                                                                  62                    65                    59
      Total hotels in operation                                                          71                    72                    67
Weight of hotel room-nights available for sale
      contributed by leased and owned hotels
      less than 6 months (as a percentage)(2)                                             4                     4                      2


(1)       The RevPAR and average daily room rates disclosed in this annual report for legacy Huazhu are based on the tax-inclusive
          room rates.

(2)       Represents (i) the aggregate of monthly hotel room-nights available for sale in a given period of leased and owned hotels,
          which had been in operation for less than six months, divided by (ii) the aggregate of monthly total hotel room-nights available
          for sale in that same period.


RevPAR may change from period to period due to (i) the change in the mix of our leased and owned
hotels in the ramp-up and mature phases, (ii) the change in the mix of our hotels in different cities and
locations, (iii) the change in the mix of our hotels of different brands, and (iv) the change in same-hotel
RevPAR. The RevPAR for all hotels in operation of legacy Huazhu (excluding hotels under temporary
requisition) in 2022 was lower than the RevPAR for all of our hotels in operation in 2021, primarily due to
the large-scale outbreak of the Omicron variant in 2022. The RevPAR for all hotels in operation of legacy
Huazhu (excluding hotels under temporary requisition) in 2021 was higher than the RevPAR for all of our
hotels in operation of legacy Huazhu (excluding hotels under temporary requisition) in 2020 primarily due
to relief of COVID-19 restriction measures and recovery from COVID-19.




                                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022            55
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth our RevPAR, average daily room rate and occupancy rate for the leased
     hotels as well as manachised and franchised hotels of legacy DH for the periods indicated.


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                   2020                      2021      2022

     RevPAR(1) (in EUR)
           Leased and owned hotels                                                    30                          29     61
           Manachised hotels                                                          29                          31     61
           Franchised hotels                                                          34                          41     67
           All hotels in operation                                                    31                          32     62
     Average daily room rate (in EUR)
           Leased and owned hotels                                                    89                          91    110
           Manachised hotels                                                          89                          85    110
           Franchised hotels                                                          82                          93    116
           All hotels in operation                                                    88                          90    111
     Occupancy rate (as a percentage)
           Leased and owned hotels                                                    34                          32     56
           Manachised hotels                                                          32                          37     55
           Franchised hotels                                                          42                          44     57
           All hotels in operation                                                    35                          35     56


     (1)       The RevPAR and average daily room rates for legacy DH are based on the tax-exclusive room rates.



     The RevPAR for all legacy DH hotels in operation in 2022 was higher than 2021, primarily due to the
     improving conditions in the lodging market after Europe lifted COVID-19 related restrictions in mid-
     February. The RevPAR for all hotels in operation of legacy DH in 2021 was higher than that of 2020,
     primarily due to relief of COVID-19 restriction measures and recovery from COVID-19.


     The seasonality of our business may cause fluctuations in our quarterly RevPAR. We typically have the
     lowest RevPAR in the first quarter due to reduced travel activities in winter and during the Spring Festival
     holidays, and the highest RevPAR in the third quarter due to increased travel during summer, though this
     may not be true for this year given the COVID-19 impact. National and regional special events that attract
     large numbers of people to travel may also cause fluctuations in our RevPAR.




56   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth quarterly RevPAR of legacy Huazhu’s hotels for the periods indicated.


                                                                      For the Three Months Ended
                            March 31,      June 30, September 30, December 31,         March 31,     June 30, September 30, December 31,
                                2021          2021          2021            2021           2022         2022          2022           2022

RevPAR (in RMB):
  Leased and owned hotels         156           252           206            193            149          153           215            176
  Manachised hotels               135           203           173            159            130          140           190            158
  Franchised hotels               125           194           156            144            118          112           167            125
Total hotels in operation         138           210           177            163            132          141           193            159


The following table sets forth the quarterly RevPAR of the hotels operated by legacy DH for the periods
indicated.


                                                                      For the Three Months Ended
                               March           June    September       December           March         June     September       December
                             31, 2021      30, 2021      30, 2021        31, 2021       31, 2022     30, 2022      30, 2022       31, 2022

RevPAR (in EUR):
  Leased and owned hotels          12            17            45             41             31           69            76             68
  Manachised hotels                12            19            51             37             32           53            77             75
  Franchised hotels                20            29            52             57             42           70            72             82
Total hotels in operation          13            20            48             43             33           66            75             72


Same-hotel RevPAR change . Our overall RevPAR trend does not reflect the trend of a stable and mature
portfolio, because it may fluctuate when city mix and mix of mature and ramp-up hotels change. We track
same-hotel year-over-year RevPAR change for legacy Huazhu’s hotels in operation for at least 18 months
to monitor the RevPAR trend for our mature hotels on a comparable basis. The following table sets forth
our same-hotel RevPAR for hotels in operation under legacy Huazhu (excluding hotels under temporary
requisition) for at least 18 months for the periods indicated.


                                                                       For the Three Months Ended
                              March 31,    June 30, September 30,     December 31,     March 31,    June 30, September 30,    December 31,
                                  2021        2021           2021             2021         2022       2022           2022            2022

Number of hotels
  in operation
  for at least 18 months          4,209       4,537          4,803            5,075        5,225      4,912          5,488           5,296
RevPAR (RMB)                       138          210           176              162          131         138           190             158
Same-hotel RevPAR change
  (as a percentage)                50.2        58.1           (5.9)           (15.6)        (8.9)     (36.2)           3.9            (9.2)


(1)       In calculating the same-hotel RevPAR change (as a percentage) of our mature hotels in a specified period, which are hotels
          in operation for at least 18 months as at the beginning of one of the months within this period, the average RevPAR of these
          hotels in the months in which they are mature hotels within this period is compared with the average RevPAR of these same
          hotels in the corresponding months of the prior year.




                                                                                          H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022            57
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     FINANCIAL KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
     Our financial key performance indicators consist of (i) revenues, (ii) operating costs and expenses and (iii)
     EBITDA (Non-GAAP) and Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP).


     Revenues . We primarily derive our revenues from operations of our leased and owned hotels and
     franchise and service fees from our manachised and franchised hotels. The following table sets forth the
     revenues generated by our leased and owned as well as manachised and franchised hotels and other
     revenues, each in absolute amount and as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.


                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                2020                   2021                         2022
                                          (RMB)           %    (RMB)              %      (RMB)      (US$)        %
                                                               (In millions except percentages)

     Revenues:
     Leased and owned hotels              6,908         67.8     8,118         63.5         9,148   1,326      66.0
     Manachised and franchised hotels     3,136         30.8     4,404         34.4         4,405    639       31.8
     Others                                  152         1.4      263            2.1          309     45        2.2
     Total revenues                      10,196        100.0    12,785        100.0       13,862    2,010     100.0


     •        Leased and Owned Hotels . In 2020, we generated revenue of RMB6,908 million from our leased
              and owned hotels, which accounted for 67.8% of our total revenues for the year. In 2021, we
              generated revenues of RMB8,118 million from our leased and owned hotels, which accounted
              for 63.5% of our total revenues for the year. In 2022, we generated revenue of RMB9,148 million
              (US$1,326 million) from our leased and owned hotels, which accounted for 66.0% of our total
              revenues for the year. We expect that revenues from our leased and owned hotels will continue to
              constitute a majority of our total revenues in the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022, we
              had 40 leased and owned hotels under development.


              For our leased hotels, we lease properties from real estate owners or lessors and we are
              responsible for hotel development and customization to conform to our standards, as well as for
              repairs and maintenance and operating costs and expenses of properties over the term of the
              lease. We are also responsible for substantially all aspects of hotel operations and management,
              including hiring, training and supervising the hotel managers and employees required to operate
              our hotels and purchasing supplies. Our typical lease term ranges from ten to 25 years. For a
              substantial majority of our hotels, we typically enjoy an initial two-to eight-month rent-free period.
              For certain of our hotels (under Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for renovating
              the hotels (other than soft furnishing) and we are not required to pay rent until this renovation is
              completed. We generally pay fixed rent on a monthly, quarterly or biannual basis for the first three
              to five years of the lease term, after which we are generally subject to a 2% to 6% increase every
              three to five years or, for Deutsche Hospitality’s hotels, generally annual adjustments based on
              consumer price index levels.




58   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    Our owned hotels include the hotels we acquired as part of our strategic alliance with Accor in
    2016 and the ones we acquired through acquisition of Blossom Hotel Management in 2018.


    Our revenues generated from leased and owned hotels are significantly affected by the following
    two operating measures:


    •     The total number of room nights available from the leased and owned hotels in our hotel
          group . The future growth of revenues generated from our leased and owned hotels will
          depend significantly upon our ability to expand our hotel group into new locations and
          maintain and further increase our RevPAR at existing hotels.


    •     RevPAR achieved by our leased and owned hotels, which represents the product of average
          daily room rates and occupancy rates . To understand factors impacting our RevPAR, please
          see “–Non-financial Key Performance Indicators – RevPAR.”


•   Manachised and Franchised Hotels . In 2020, we generated revenues of RMB3,136 million from our
    manachised and franchised hotels, which accounted for 30.8% of our total revenues for the year.
    In 2021, we generated revenues of RMB4,404 million from our manachised and franchised hotels,
    which accounted for 34.4% of our total revenues for the year. In 2022, we generated revenues of
    RMB4,405 million (US$639 million) from our manachised and franchised hotels, which accounted
    for 31.8% of our total revenues for the year. We expect that revenues from our manachised
    and franchised hotels will increase in the foreseeable future as we add more manachised and
    franchised hotels in our hotel group. We also expect the number of our manachised and franchised
    hotels as a percentage of the total number of hotels in our network to increase. As of December
    31, 2022, we had 2,540 manachised and franchised hotels under development.


    •     Manachised Hotels . Our franchisees either lease or own their hotel properties and
          also invest in the renovation of their properties according to our product standards.
          Our franchisees are typically responsible for the costs of developing and operating
          the hotels, including renovating the hotels according to our standards, and all of the
          operating expenses. We manage our manachised hotels and impose the same standards
          for all manachised hotels to ensure product quality and consistency across our hotel
          network. Management services we provide to our franchisees for our manachised hotels
          generally include hiring, appointing and training hotel managers, managing reservations,
          providing sales and marketing support, conducting quality inspections and providing other
          operational support and information. We believe that our manachise model has enabled
          us to quickly and effectively expand our geographical coverage and market share in a less
          capital-intensive manner through leveraging the local knowledge and relationships of our
          franchisees.


          We collect fees from our franchisees and do not bear the loss incurred or otherwise share
          any profit realized by our franchisees. They are also responsible for all costs and expenses
          related to hotel construction and refurbishing. Our franchise and management agreements
          for manachised hotels typically run for an initial term of eight to ten years, and for our
          hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, 15 to 20 years.



                                                                  H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   59
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                   For our manachised hotels under legacy Huazhu, our franchisees are generally required to
                   pay us an upfront franchise fee typically ranging between RMB80,000 and RMB1,000,000
                   per hotel. In general, we charge a monthly franchise fee of approximately 3% to 6.5% of
                   the gross revenues generated by each manachised hotel. We also collect from franchisees
                   a reservation fee for using our central reservation system and a membership registration
                   fee for customers who join our H Rewards loyalty program at the manachised hotels. In
                   addition, we charge system maintenance and support fees and other IT service fees from
                   our franchisees for sharing our technology infrastructure with our manachised hotels.
                   Furthermore, we employ and appoint hotel managers for the manachised hotels and charge
                   franchisees manager fee on a monthly basis.


                   For our manachised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees have historically
                   been required to pay Deutsche Hospitality a management fee consisting of a base fee
                   of 0.5% to 3.5% of the hotel’s turnover and an incentive fee of 6% to 10% of the hotel’s
                   adjusted gross operating profit. Deutsche Hospitality participates in the distribution of
                   the manachised hotel’s profit and charges a marketing fee for the manachised hotels.
                   General manager compensation of a manachised hotel, including salaries, social security
                   contribution, and various benefits and bonuses, is borne by the manachised hotel. For some
                   manachised hotels outside Germany, Deutsche Hospitality further charges a license fee of
                   approximately 0.5% to 1% of the hotel’s turnover. We are gradually adapting the terms of
                   Deutsche Hospitality’s franchise and management agreements to be similar to those of our
                   other manachised hotels.


            •      Franchised Hotels . Under our typical franchise agreements, we provide our franchisees
                   with training, central reservation, sales and marketing support, technology support, quality
                   assurance inspections and other operational support and information. We do not appoint
                   hotel managers for our franchised hotels. We collect fees from the franchisees of our
                   franchised hotels and do not bear any loss incurred or otherwise, share any profit realized
                   by our franchisees. Our franchise agreements for our franchised hotels typically run for an
                   initial term of eight to ten years, and for our hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, 10 to 15
                   years.


                   For our franchised hotels under legacy Huazhu, we charge our franchised hotels fees
                   on generally the same terms as our manachised hotels, except that we do not appoint
                   hotel managers to our franchised hotels and thus do not charge these hotels a monthly
                   management service fee.


                   For our franchised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees have historically
                   been required to pay Deutsche Hospitality a franchise fee of approximately 0.5% to 4.0%
                   of the hotel’s gross room revenue turnover and gross operating revenue. Some hotels
                   outside Germany are charged a fixed franchise fee ranging from EUR40,000 to EUR150,000
                   per year. Most franchised hotels are also charged a central service fee (or marketing fee
                   in older contracts) and a license fee. We are gradually adapting the terms of Deutsche
                   Hospitality’s franchise agreements to be similar to those of our other franchised hotels.




60   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            •     Other Revenues. Other revenues of RMB152 million, RMB263 million and RMB309 million
                  (US$45 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, represented revenues generated from
                  services other than the operation of hotel businesses, which mainly included revenues from
                  the provision of IT products and services to hotels and revenues from Hua Zhu mall and
                  other revenues from legacy DH.


Operating Costs and Expenses . Our operating costs and expenses consist of costs for hotel operation,
other operating cost, selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses and pre-
opening expenses. To mitigate the impact of COVID-19, we have taken measures to improve our cost
structure, including negotiating with landlords to reduce or delay rental payments, streamlining our hotel
staff, work shift sharing, temporary furlough of staff, and reducing or eliminating discretionary spending
and capital expenditures. The following table sets forth the components of our operating costs and
expenses, both in absolute amount and as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.


                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                          2020                   2021                              2022
                                     (RMB)            %     (RMB)             %        (RMB)        (US$)         %
                                                           (In millions except percentages)

Total revenues                       10,196        100.0   12,785         100.0       13,862        2,010      100.0

Operating costs and expenses
Hotel operating costs:
Rents                                 3,485         34.2    3,900          30.5         3,927         569       28.3
Utilities                              478           4.7      507            4.0          603             87     4.3
Personnel costs                       2,501         24.5    3,022          23.6         3,683         534       26.6
Depreciation and amortization         1,316         12.9    1,413          11.1         1,414         205       10.2
Consumables, food and beverage         885           8.7      969            7.6        1,026         149        7.4
Others                                1,064         10.4    1,471          11.5         1,607         233       11.6
Total hotel operating costs           9,729         95.4   11,282          88.3       12,260        1,777       88.4
Other operating costs                   52           0.5       58            0.4              62           9     0.5
Selling and marketing expenses         597           5.9      641            5.0          613             89     4.4
General and administrative
  expenses                            1,259         12.3    1,545          12.1         1,675         243       12.1
Pre-opening expenses                   288           2.8       81            0.6              95          14     0.7
Total operating costs and expenses   11,925        116.9   13,607         106.4       14,705        2,132      106.1




                                                                           H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022    61
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •      Hotel Operating Costs . Our hotel operating costs consist primarily of costs and expenses directly
            attributable to the operation of our leased and owned as well as manachised hotels. Leased
            and owned hotel operating costs primarily include rental payments and utility costs for hotel
            properties, compensation and benefits for our hotel-based employees, costs of hotel room
            consumable products and depreciation and amortization of leasehold improvements, intangible
            assets and land use rights. Manachised hotel operating costs primarily include compensation and
            benefits for manachised hotel managers and other limited number of employees directly hired
            by us, which are recouped by us in the form of monthly service fees. We anticipate that our hotel
            operating costs in absolute amount will increase as we continue to open new hotels. Our hotel
            operating costs as a percentage of our total revenue may change from period to period mainly
            driven by three factors: (i) the hotel operating costs as a percentage of revenues from our leased
            and owned hotels, (ii) the operating costs, mainly personnel costs, as a percentage of revenues
            from the manachised and franchised business and (iii) the weight of manachised and franchised
            hotels in our revenue mix.

     •      Selling and Marketing Expenses . Our selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of
            commissions to travel intermediaries, expenses for marketing programs and materials, bank fees
            for processing bank card payments, and compensation and benefits for our sales and marketing
            personnel, including personnel at our centralized reservation center. We expect that our selling
            and marketing expenses will increase as our sales increase and as we further expand into new
            geographic locations and promote our brands.

     •      General and Administrative Expenses . Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily
            of compensation and benefits for our corporate and regional office employees and other
            employees who are not sales and marketing or hotel-based employees, travel and communication
            expenses of our general and administrative staff, costs of third-party professional services, and
            office expenses for corporate and regional offices. We expect that our general and administrative
            expenses will increase as we hire additional personnel and incur additional costs in connection
            with the expansion of our business.

     •      Pre-opening Expenses . Our pre-opening expenses consist primarily of rents, personnel cost, and
            other miscellaneous expenses incurred prior to the opening of a new leased or owned hotel.

     Our pre-opening expenses are largely determined by the number of pre-opening hotels in the pipeline
     and the rental fees incurred during the development stage. Landlords typically offer a two-to eight-
     month rent-free period at the beginning of the lease. Nevertheless, rental is booked during this period
     on a straight-line basis. Therefore, a portion of pre-opening expenses is non-cash rental expenses. For
     certain of our hotels (under Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for renovating the hotels
     (other than soft furnishing) and we are not required to pay rent until this renovation is completed. The
     following table sets forth the components of our pre-opening expenses for the periods indicated.

                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                           2020           2021               2022
                                                          (RMB)          (RMB)           (RMB)           (US$)
                                                                           (In millions)
     Rents                                                   251             68              84             12
     Personnel cost                                           15              5               5              1
     Others                                                   22              8               6              1
     Total pre-opening expenses                              288             81              95             14




62   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


EBITDA (Non-GAAP) and Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP). We use earnings before interest income, interest
expense, income tax expense (benefit) and depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, a non-GAAP
financial measure, to assess our results of operations before the impact of investing and financing
transactions and income taxes. Given the significant investments that we have made in leasehold
improvements, depreciation and amortization expense comprises a significant portion of our cost
structure. We believe that EBITDA is widely used by other companies in the lodging industry and may be
used by investors as a measure of our financial performance. We also use Adjusted EBITDA, another non-
GAAP measure, which is defined as EBITDA before share-based compensation expenses and unrealized
gains (losses) from fair value changes of equity securities. We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is
used by our management to evaluate our operating performance. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA
provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our consolidated
results of operations in the same manner as our management and in comparing financial results across
accounting periods and to those of our peer companies.


A reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net income, which is the most directly comparable U.S.
GAAP measure, is provided below:


                                                                               For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                           2020              2021                  2022
                                                                          (RMB)            (RMB)             (RMB)             (US$)
                                                                                             (In millions)

Net loss attributable to our company                                      (2,192)            (465)           (1,821)            (264)
      Interest income                                                       (119)              (89)             (87)              (13)
      Interest expense                                                       533              405               409                59
      Income tax expense (benefit)                                          (215)               12              207                30
      Depreciation and amortization                                        1,362            1,503            1,456               211
EBITDA (Non-GAAP)
           (1)
                                                                            (631)           1,366               164                23
      Share-based compensation expenses                                      122              109                87                13
      Unrealized (gains) losses from fair value
        changes of equity securities                                         265                96              359                52
      Adjusted EBITDA(1) (Non-GAAP)                                         (244)           1,571               610                88


(1)       We believe that EBITDA is a useful financial metric to assess our operating and financial performance before the impact of
          investing and financing transactions and income taxes. Given the significant investments that we have made in leasehold
          improvements, depreciation and amortization expense comprises a significant portion of our cost structure. In addition, we
          believe that EBITDA is widely used by other companies in the lodging industry and may be used by investors as a measure of
          our financial performance. We believe that EBITDA will provide investors with a useful tool for comparability between periods
          because it eliminates depreciation and amortization expense attributable to capital expenditures. We also use Adjusted
          EBITDA, which is defined as EBITDA before share-based compensation expenses and unrealized gains (losses) from fair value
          changes of equity securities. We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is used by our management to evaluate our operating
          performance. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and
          evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as our management and in comparing financial results
          across accounting periods and to those of our peer companies. The presentation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not
          be construed as an indication that our future results will be unaffected by other charges and gains we consider to be outside
          the ordinary course of our business.




                                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022           63
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            The use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA has certain limitations. Depreciation and amortization expense for various long-
            term assets, income tax, interest income and interest expense have been and will be incurred and are not reflected in the
            presentation of EBITDA. Share-based compensation expenses and unrealized gains (losses) from fair value changes of equity
            securities have been and will be incurred and are not reflected in the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA. Each of these items
            should also be considered in the overall evaluation of our results. Additionally, EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA does not consider
            capital expenditures and other investing activities and should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity. We compensate
            for these limitations by providing the relevant disclosure of our depreciation and amortization, interest income, interest
            expense, income tax expense, share-based compensation expenses, unrealized gains (losses) from fair value changes of
            equity securities, capital expenditures and other relevant items both in our reconciliations to the U.S. GAAP financial measures
            and in our consolidated financial statements, all of which should be considered when evaluating our performance.

            The terms EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not defined under U.S. GAAP, and neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA is a
            measure of net income, operating income, operating performance or liquidity presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. When
            assessing our operating and financial performance, you should not consider this data in isolation or as a substitute for our
            net income, operating income or any other operating performance measure that is calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
            In addition, our EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures
            utilized by other companies since such other companies may not calculate EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner as
            we do.



     TAXATION
     We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the British
     Virgin Islands and Seychelles, our subsidiaries are not subject to tax on income or capital gain. Under
     the current laws of Singapore, companies are subject to Singapore corporate income tax at a rate of
     17%. Under the current laws of Germany, companies are subject to income tax at a standard rate of 15%
     (15.825% including solidarity surcharge), plus municipal trade tax of 7%-21%. Companies established
     in Japan are subject to Japan corporate income tax at a rate of 23.2% (30%-34% including local taxes).
     Companies established in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong profit tax at a rate of 16.5%. Companies
     established in Taiwan are subject to Taiwan corporate income tax at a rate of 20%.




64   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Under the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT Law”), which was
effective from January 1, 2008, domestically-owned enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises are
subject to a uniform tax rate of 25%, and the industries and projects that are encouraged and supported
by the State may enjoy tax preferential treatment. Jizhu Information and Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
(“Jizhu Shanghai”) (previously named Mengguang Information and Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd) is a
recognized software development entity located in Shanghai of PRC. In November 2018, Jizhu Shanghai
was qualified as a high and new tech enterprise, resulting Jizhu Shanghai being subject to a reduced tax
rate of 15% in 2018, 2019 and 2020. In December 2021, Jizhu Shanghai was qualified as a high and new
tech enterprise, resulting Jizhu Shanghai being subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2021, 2022 and
2023. H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd. (“H-World Information”) is qualified as a high and
new tech enterprise, resulting H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd. being subject to a reduced
tax rate of 15% in 2019, 2020 and 2021. In December 2022, H-World Information was qualified as a high
and new tech enterprise, resulting H-World Information being subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in
2022, 2023 and 2024.


The EIT Law imposes a withholding tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a PRC foreign-invested
enterprise to its immediate holding company outside of China, if such immediate holding company
is considered a “non-resident enterprise” without any establishment or place within China or if the
dividends received have no connection with the establishment or place of such immediate holding
company within China, unless such immediate holding company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a
tax treaty with China that provides for a different withholding tax rate. A holding company which is a
tax resident in Hong Kong, for example, would be subject to a 5% withholding tax rate on the dividends
received from its PRC subsidiary if it owns at least 25% equity in the PRC subsidiary and is the beneficial
owner of the dividends. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – It is unclear
whether we will be considered as a PRC resident enterprise under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the
PRC, and depending on the determination of our PRC resident enterprise status, if we are not treated as a
PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries will be subject to PRC withholding
tax; if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we may be subject to 25% PRC income tax on our
worldwide income, and holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares that are non-PRC resident investors may
be subject to PRC withholding tax on dividends on and gains realized on their transfer of our ADSs or
ordinary shares.”


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
We have grown rapidly since we began our current business of operating and managing a multi-brand
hotel portfolio in 2007. We believe that the period-to-period comparison of operating results should not
be relied upon as being indicative of future performance. The following table sets forth a summary of our
consolidated results of operations, both in absolute amount and as a percentage of total revenues for the
periods indicated. This information should be read together with our consolidated financial statements
and related notes for the relevant periods.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   65
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                     2020                       2021                            2022
                                                   RMB            %         RMB             %      (RMB)         (US$)           %
                                                                        (In millions except percentages)
     Consolidated Statement of
       Comprehensive Income Data:
     Revenues:
       Leased and owned hotels                    6,908         67.8      8,118        63.5          9,148       1,326         66.0
       Manachised and franchised hotels           3,136         30.8      4,404        34.4          4,405         639         31.8
       Others                                       152          1.4        263         2.1            309          45          2.2
     Total revenues                              10,196        100.0    12,785        100.0         13,862       2,010        100.0
     Operating costs and expenses(1):
       Hotel operating costs                      9,729         95.4    11,282         88.3         12,260       1,777         88.4
       Other operating costs                         52          0.5        58          0.4             62           9          0.5
       Selling and marketing expenses               597          5.9       641          5.0            613          89          4.4
       General and administrative expenses        1,259         12.3     1,545         12.1          1,675         243         12.1
       Pre-opening expenses                         288          2.8        81          0.6             95          14          0.7
       Total operating costs and expenses        11,925        116.9    13,607        106.4         14,705       2,132        106.1
       Goodwill impairment loss                     437          4.3         –            –              –           –            –
       Other operating income, net                  480          4.7       986          7.7            549          79          4.0
       (Loss) income from operations              (1,686)      (16.5)      164          1.3           (294)        (43)        (2.1)
       Interest income                               119         1.2        89          0.7             87          13          0.6
       Interest expenses                             533         5.2       405          3.2            409          59          3.0
       Other (expense) income, net                   (89)       (0.9)      157          1.2             10           1          0.1
       Unrealized losses from fair value
         changes of equity securities, net          (265)       (2.6)       (96)        (0.7)         (359)        (52)        (2.6)
     Foreign exchange gain (loss), net               175         1.7       (317)        (2.5)         (641)        (93)        (4.6)
     Loss before income taxes                     (2,279)      (22.3)      (408)        (3.2)       (1,606)       (233)       (11.6)
     Income tax (benefit) expense                   (215)       (2.1)        12          0.1           207          30          1.4
     Loss from equity method investments            (140)       (1.4)       (60)        (0.5)          (36)         (5)        (0.3)
     Net loss                                     (2,204)      (21.6)      (480)        (3.8)       (1,849)       (268)       (13.3)
     Less: net loss attributable to
       noncontrolling interest                       (12)       (0.1)       (15)        (0.1)          (28)          (4)       (0.2)
     Net loss attributable to H World Group
      Limited                                     (2,192)      (21.5)      (465)        (3.7)       (1,821)       (264)       (13.1)

     Note:

     (1)     Includes share-based compensation expenses as follows:


                                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                    2020              2021             2022
                                                                                     (RMB)           (RMB)         (RMB)      (US$)
                                                                                                       (In millions)
             Share-based compensation expenses                                          122            109          87          13




66   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2021
Total Revenues . Our total revenues increased by 8.4% from RMB12,785 million in 2021 to RMB13,862
million (US$2,010 million) in 2022. This increase was primarily due to the robust recovery of our European
business since Europe’s lifting of COVID-19 related restrictions starting from mid-February 2022. Legacy
Huazhu’s total revenues for 2022 were RMB10,655 million (US$1,545 million), representing a 5.3%
decrease compared to 2021.


•     Leased and Owned Hotels . Total revenues from our leased and owned hotels increased by 12.7%
      from RMB8,118 million in 2021 to RMB9,148 million (US$1,326 million) in 2022. This increase was
      primarily due to the increase of revenues from legacy DH and partially offset by the decrease of
      revenues from Legacy Huazhu. Legacy Huazhu’s total revenues from leased and owned hotels in
      2022 were RMB6,062 million (US$879 million), representing a 9.2% decrease compared to 2021
      due to negative impact of the COVID-19 and its related restrictions. Legacy DH’s total revenues
      from leased and owned hotels in 2022 was RMB3,086 million (US$447 million), representing
      a significant increase compared to 2021, primarily due to the robust recovery of our European
      business since Europe’s lifting of COVID-19 related restrictions starting from mid-February 2022.


•     Manachised and Franchised Hotels . Total revenues from our manachised and franchised hotels
      remained relatively flat at RMB4,404 million in 2021 and RMB4,405 million (US$639 million)
      in 2022. Legacy Huazhu’s total revenues from manachised and franchised hotels in 2022 were
      RMB4,324 million (US627 million), representing a 0.4% decrease compared to RMB4,342 million
      in 2021. Legacy DH’s total revenues from manachised and franchised hotels in 2022 was RMB81
      million (US$12 million), representing a 30.6% increase compared to 2021, also primarily due to the
      robust recovery of our European operation.


•     Other Revenues . Other revenues increased by 17.5% from RMB263 million in 2021 to RMB309
      million (US$45 million) in 2022.


Operating Costs and Expenses . Our total operating costs and expenses increased by 8.1% from
RMB13,607 million in 2021 to RMB14,705 million (US$2,132 million) in 2022.


•     Hotel Operating Costs . Our hotel operating costs increased by 8.7% from RMB11,282 million in
      2021 to RMB12,260 million (US$1,777 million) in 2022. This increase was primarily due to the
      continued hotel network expansion of legacy Huazhu, and business recovery of legacy DH, partially
      offset by our cost control measures to achieve rental reductions. Our hotel operating costs as a
      percentage of total revenues remained relatively flat at 88.3% in 2021 and 88.4% in 2022. Legacy
      Huazhu’s hotel operating costs in 2022 were RMB9,170 million (US$1,330 million), representing
      86.1% of legacy Huazhu’s total revenues, compared to RMB8,806 million or 78.3% of revenue in
      2021. In the full year of 2022, we recognized a negative lease expense of RMB281 million under
      the relief of lease concession from COVID-19.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   67
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •      Selling and Marketing Expenses . Our selling and marketing expenses decreased by 4.4% from
            RMB641 million in 2021 to RMB613 million (US$89 million) in 2022. Our selling and marketing
            expenses as a percentage of total revenues decreased from 5.0% in 2021 to 4.4% in 2022,
            primarily attributable to our cost control measures for legacy Huazhu to address the negative
            impact of the COVID-19, partially offset by a 53.0% increase in selling and marketing expenses
            from 2021 to 2022 for legacy DH, which is in line with its business recovery. Legacy Huazhu’s
            selling and marketing expenses in 2022 were RMB336 million (US$49 million), representing 3.2%
            of legacy Huazhu’s total revenues, compared to RMB460 million in 2021.


     •      General and Administrative Expenses . Our general and administrative expenses increased by 8.4%
            from RMB1,545 million in 2021 to RMB1,675 million (US$243 million) in 2022. The increase was
            mainly due to investments in our business development team, information technology division and
            upscale hotel division, partially offset by lower headquarter expenses since the second quarter
            of 2022. Our general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues remained
            relatively flat at 12.1% in both 2021 and 2022. Legacy Huazhu’s general and administrative
            expenses in 2022 were RMB1,262 million (US$183 million), representing 11.8% of legacy Huazhu’s
            total revenues, compared to RMB1,164 million in 2021.


     •      Pre-opening Expenses . Our pre-opening expenses increased by 17.3% from RMB81 million in
            2021 to RMB95 million (US$14 million) in 2022. Our pre-opening expenses as a percentage of total
            revenues increased from 0.6% in 2021 to 0.7% in 2022. Our pre-opening expenses in 2022 was
            primarily from legacy Huazhu.


     Other Operating Income, Net . Our other operating income decreased by 44.3% from RMB986 million
     in 2021 to RMB549 million (US$79 million) in 2022, which was mainly attributable to a decrease in
     COVID-19 subsidies granted to our legacy DH.


     Income (Loss) from Operations . As a result of the foregoing, we had loss from operations of RMB294
     million (US$43 million) in 2022, compared to income from operations of RMB164 million in 2021. Legacy
     Huazhu’s income from operations in 2022 was RMB51 million (US$7 million).


     Interest Expense, Net . Our net interest expense was RMB322 million (US$46 million) in 2022. Our interest
     income was RMB87 million (US$13 million), and our interest expense was RMB409 million (US$59
     million) in 2022. Our net interest expense was RMB316 million in 2021. Our interest income was RMB89
     million, and our interest expense was RMB405 million in 2021.


     Other Income, Net . We recorded other income, net of RMB10 million (US$1 million) in 2022, compared to
     other income, net of RMB157 million in 2021. The higher other income, net in 2021 was due to our gains
     from sales of Accor’s shares in 2021.




68   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Unrealized Losses from Fair Value Changes of Equity Securities . Unrealized gains (losses) from fair value
changes of equity securities mainly represents the unrealized gains (losses) from our investment in
equity securities with readily determinable fair values, such as Accor hotels. Our unrealized losses from
fair value changes of equity securities were RMB359 million (US$52 million) in 2022, primarily due to
the decrease in the price of Accor’s shares we held. We had unrealized losses from fair value changes of
equity securities of RMB96 million in 2021.


Foreign Exchange Loss . Our foreign exchange loss was RMB641 million (US$93 million) in 2022,
compared to our foreign exchange loss of RMB317 million in 2021. Our foreign exchange loss in 2022 was
primarily attributable to the exchange loss related to our investment in Accor denominated in Euro and
certain internal loan receivables denominated in Euro as a result of the Euro’s depreciation.


Income Tax Expense . Our income tax expense was RMB207 million (US$30 million) in 2022, compared
to income tax expense of RMB12 million in 2021. Our effective tax rate in 2022 was negative 12.9%,
compared with negative 2.9% in 2021.


Equity Method Investments . Our loss from equity method investments decreased from RMB60 million in
2021 to RMB36 million (US$5 million) in 2022, primarily due to the decrease in losses incurred by certain
of our investee companies.


Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest. Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interest represents joint venture partners’ share of our net income or loss based on their equity interest
in the leased and owned hotels owned by the joint ventures which are controlled and consolidated by
us. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest was RMB28 million (US$4 million) in 2022, primarily
due to losses from certain of our joint ventures. The net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest was
RMB15 million in 2021.


Net Income (Loss) Attributable to H World Group Limited. As a result of the foregoing, net loss
attributable to H World Group Limited increased from RMB465 million in 2021 to RMB1,821 million
(US$264 million) in 2022. In 2022, Legacy Huazhu’s net loss attributable to H World Group Limited was
RMB1,420 million (US$206 million), compared to net income attributable to H World Group Limited of
RMB153 million in 2021.


EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA . EBITDA (non-GAAP) was RMB164 million (US$23 million) in 2022, compared
with RMB1,366 million in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) was RMB610 million (US$88 million)
in 2022, compared with RMB1,571 million in 2021. This change was primarily due to (i) the decrease
in our revenue from legacy Huazhu as a result of negative pandemic impact, which offset in part the
revenue gains from our European operations, (ii) a decrease in the price of Accor’s shares we held, and
(iii) our foreign exchange loss related to our investment in Accor and certain internal loan receivables
denominated in Euro as a result of the Euro’s depreciation. Legacy Huazhu’s EBITDA decreased from
RMB1,827 million in 2021 to RMB282 million (US$41 million) in 2022.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   69
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
     31, 2020
     Total Revenues . Our total revenues increased by 25.4% from RMB10,196 million in 2020 to RMB12,785
     million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to the gradual recovery from COVID-19 in China, which
     resulted in higher occupancy rates and RevPAR of our Legacy Huazhu hotels. Legacy Huazhu’s total
     revenues for 2021 were RMB11,247 million, representing a 29.8% increase compared to 2020.


     •      Leased and Owned Hotels . Total revenues from our leased and owned hotels increased by 17.5%
            from RMB6,908 million in 2020 to RMB8,118 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to
            relief from the impact of COVID-19 in China, as a result of which the RevPAR for legacy Huazhu’s
            leased and owned hotels (excluding those under temporary requisition), was RMB202 in 2021,
            compared to RMB166 for all of our leased and owned hotels in 2020. Legacy Huazhu’s total
            revenues from leased and owned hotels in 2021 were RMB6,674 million, representing a 22.7%
            increase compared to 2020. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in revenue from the
            leased hotels of Deutsche Hospitality due to the depreciation in Euro, although the revenue from
            the leased hotels of Deutsche Hospitality in Euro increased slightly from 2020 to 2021.


     •      Manachised and Franchised Hotels . Total revenues from our manachised and franchised hotels
            increased by 40.4% from RMB3,136 million in 2020 to RMB4,404 million in 2021. This increase
            was primarily due to relief from the impact of COVID-19. Legacy Huazhu’s total revenues from
            manachised and franchised hotels in 2021 were RMB4,342 million, representing a 40.4% increase
            compared to 2020. Legacy DH’s total revenues from manachised and franchised hotels in 2021
            was RMB62 million, representing a 44.2% year-over-year increase due to the strong recovery of
            leisure travel, especially for Egypt.


     •      Other Revenues . Other revenues increased by 73.0% from RMB152 million in 2020 to RMB263
            million in 2021.


     Operating Costs and Expenses . Our total operating costs and expenses increased by 14.1% from
     RMB11,925 million in 2020 to RMB13,607 million in 2021.


     •      Hotel Operating Costs . Our hotel operating costs increased by 16.0% from RMB9,729 million
            in 2020 to RMB11,282 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to higher rental costs in
            relation to our leased upscale hotels and acquired CitiGO hotels, higher personnel costs in relation
            to continuous hotel network expansion, and intangible assets impairment loss mainly related to
            legacy DH. Our hotel operating costs as a percentage of total revenues decreased from 95.4% in
            2020 to 88.3% in 2021. The year-over-year decrease in the percentage was mainly attributable to
            recovery in our revenue from the impact of COVID-19. Legacy Huazhu’s hotel operating costs in
            2021 were RMB8.8 billion, representing 78.3% of legacy Huazhu’s total revenues.




70   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     Selling and Marketing Expenses . Our selling and marketing expenses increased by 7.4% from
      RMB597 million in 2020 to RMB641 million in 2021. Our selling and marketing expenses as a
      percentage of total revenues decreased from 5.9% in 2020 to 5.0% in 2021, primarily attributable
      to recovery in our revenue from the impact of COVID-19. Legacy Huazhu’s selling and marketing
      expenses in 2021 were RMB460 million, representing 4.1% of legacy Huazhu’s total revenues.


•     General and Administrative Expenses . Our general and administrative expenses increased by
      22.7% from RMB1,259 million in 2020 to RMB1,545 million in 2021. Our general and administrative
      expenses as a percentage of total revenues remained relatively flat at 12.3% in 2020 and 12.1%
      in 2021. Legacy Huazhu’s general and administrative expenses in 2021 were RMB1,164 million,
      represented 10.3% of legacy Huazhu’s total revenues, compared to RMB893 million in 2020.
       The increase was mainly due to investments in our business development team, our information
       technology, and our upscale hotel division.


•     Pre-opening Expenses . Our pre-opening expenses decreased by 71.9% from RMB288 million
      in 2020 to RMB81 million in 2021. Our pre-opening expenses as a percentage of total revenues
      decreased from 2.8% in 2020 to 0.6% in 2021. The decrease was mainly attributable to the
      opening of certain upscale hotels in 2020. Our pre-opening expenses in 2021 was primarily from
      legacy Huazhu.


Other Operating Income, Net . Our other operating income increased significantly from RMB480 million in
2020 to RMB986 million in 2021, which was mainly attributable to COVID-19 related subsidy income for
our legacy DH.


Income (Loss) from Operations . As a result of the foregoing, we had income from operations of RMB164
million in 2021, compared to loss from operations of RMB1,686 million in 2020. Legacy Huazhu’s income
from operations in 2021 was RMB891 million.


Interest Income (Expense), Net . Our net interest expense was RMB316 million in 2021. Our interest
income was RMB89 million, and our interest expense was RMB405 million in 2021. Our net interest
expense was RMB414 million in 2020. Our interest income was RMB119 million, and our interest expense
was RMB533 million in 2020. The decrease in our net interest expense was primarily due to a decrease in
bank borrowings in 2021.


Other Income (Expense), Net . We recorded other income, net of RMB157 million in 2021, compared to
other expense, net of RMB89 million in 2020. This change was primarily attributable to the realized gain
from partial disposal of Accor’s shares in 2021.


Unrealized Gains (Losses) from Fair Value Changes of Equity Securities . Unrealized gains (losses)
from fair value changes of equity securities mainly represents the unrealized gains (losses) from
our investment in equity securities with readily determinable fair values, such as Accor hotels. Our
unrealized losses from fair value changes of equity securities were RMB96 million in 2021, primarily due
to decrease in the price of Accor’s shares we held. We had unrealized losses from fair value changes of
equity securities of RMB265 million in 2020.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   71
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Foreign Exchange (Loss) Gain. Our foreign exchange losses was RMB317 million in 2021, compared to
     our foreign exchange gain of RMB175 million in 2020. Our foreign exchange losses in 2021 was primarily
     attributable to the exchange loss related to our investment in Accor in Euro.


     Income Tax (Expense) Benefit. Our income tax expense was RMB12 million in 2021, compared to income
     tax benefit of RMB215 million in 2020. Our effective tax rate in 2021 was negative 2.9%, compared with
     9.4% in 2020. The negative effective tax rate in 2021 primarily resulted from the valuation allowance
     provided for deferred tax assets.


     Equity Method Investments . Our loss from equity method investments decreased from RMB140 million
     in 2020 to RMB60 million in 2021, primarily due to the relief of losses incurred by certain of our investee
     companies from the impact of COVID-19.


     Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest. Net income attributable to noncontrolling
     interest represents joint venture partners’ share of our net income or loss based on their equity interest
     in the leased and owned hotels owned by the joint ventures which are controlled and consolidated by us.
     Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest was RMB15 million in 2021, primarily due to losses from
     certain of our joint ventures. The net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest was RMB12 million in
     2020.


     Net Income (Loss) Attributable to H World Group Limited. As a result of the foregoing, net loss
     attributable to H World Group Limited decreased from RMB2,192 million in 2020 to RMB465 million in
     2021. In 2021, legacy Huazhu’s net income attributable to H World Group Limited was RMB153 million.


     EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA . EBITDA (non-GAAP) was RMB1,366 million in 2021, compared with negative
     RMB631 million in 2020. Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) was RMB1,571 million in 2021, compared with
     negative RMB244 million in 2020. This change was primarily due to relief from the impact of COVID-19 in
     2021. In 2021, legacy Huazhu’s EBITDA was RMB1,827 million.




72   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



OUTSTANDING INDEBTEDNESS
In May 2020, we issued US$500 million of the 2026 Notes. These notes will mature on May 1, 2026 and
bear interest at a rate of 3.00% per annum, payable in arrears semi-annually on May 1 and November
1, beginning November 1, 2020. The 2026 Notes can be converted into our ADSs at an initial conversion
rate of 23.9710, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, of our ADSs per US$1,000
principal amount of the notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately US$41.72 per
ADS). Holders of the notes may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the notes for cash
on May 1, 2024, or upon a fundamental change, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


In January 2021, we entered into a twelve-year syndicated loan contract with facility amount of
RMB650 million expiring in December 2032. This loan is used to finance the construction project of our
headquarters. The interest rate resets every year, and is based on the People’s Bank of China five-year
benchmark LPR minus certain basis points on the pricing date. The mortgage ratio covenant is related to
this facility. We were fully in compliance with the further amended covenants as of December 31, 2022.
As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the outstanding loan amount is RMB53 million and RMB53 million,
respectively.


In August 2022, we entered into a 3-year long-term facility of EUR220 million and RMB-equivalent of
EUR110 million term facility, and EUR70 million revolving credit facility agreement with several banks.
The EUR70 million revolving credit facility is available for 35 months after the date of the agreement.
The interest rate on the loan for each interest period is the aggregate of the applicable Margin and
EURIBOR or one-year benchmark LPR. The margin for each loan depends on the currency of loan, a
loan denominated in EUR means 1.55% per annum and a loan denominated in RMB means -0.15% per
annum. There are some financial covenants including interest cover, leverage and book equity related to
this facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had drawn down EUR220 million, RMB equivalent of EUR110
million and EUR70 million under the facility agreement and repaid nil.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   73
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     In October 2022, we entered into a one-year uncommitted term loan facility of up to US$123 million
     which is to be made by single drawing only. We had drawn down US$121 million under this agreement,
     the interest rate was fixed at 5.4% per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding loan amount
     was US$121 million.


     In October 2022, we entered into a one-year USD-denominated facility agreement that allowed us to
     draw down no more than RMB1,000 million with the interest rate to be determined case by case. As of
     December 31, 2022, we had drawn down US$65 million under the facility agreement and repaid all the
     bank borrowings in advance in January 2023.


     As of December 31, 2022, we had a total debt balance of RMB9.9 billion (US$1.4 billion), unutilized
     facilities of approximately RMB2.1 billion.


     We had complied with the covenants under our existing banking facilities as of December 31, 2022.


     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
     Our principal sources of liquidity have been cash generated from operating activities, proceeds from
     our follow-on offering of ADSs in January 2023, borrowings from commercial banks, and issuance of
     convertible senior notes due 2026. As of December 31, 2022, we had RMB3,583 million (US$520 million)
     in cash and cash equivalents. Our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash consist of cash on hand,
     liquid investments which have maturities of three months or less when acquired and are unrestricted
     as to withdrawal or use, deposits used as security against borrowings, and deposits restricted due to
     contract disputes or lawsuits or special purpose. Our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022
     primarily consisted of Renminbi and U.S. dollars.


     As of December 31, 2022, we had 40 properties for our leased and owned hotels under development. As
     of December 31, 2022, we expected to incur approximately RMB1,487 million (US$216 million) of capital
     expenditures in connection with (i) certain recently completed leasehold improvements and installation
     of equipment and (ii) the funding of the leasehold improvements and installation of equipment of these
     40 leased and owned hotels, which is expected to be incurred within one to two years. We intend to fund
     this planned expansion with our operating cash flow, our cash balance and our credit facilities.




74   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated:


                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                         2020            2021                  2022
                                                       (RMB)            (RMB)             (RMB)         (US$)
                                                                          (In millions)

Net cash provided by operating activities                 609           1,342             1,564            227
Net cash used in investing activities                   8,101           1,402               522             76
Net cash provided by (used in) financing
  activities                                              883           (1,801)           (1,394)          (201)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
  cash equivalents                                       (300)             (88)             297             43
Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash
  equivalents and restricted cash                      (6,909)          (1,949)              (55)            (7)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at the beginning of the year                         13,999           7,090             5,141            745
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  at the end of the year                                7,090           5,141             5,086            738


OPERATING ACTIVITIES
In 2020, 2021 and 2022, we financed our operating activities primarily through cash generated from
operations.


Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB1,564 million (US$227 million) in 2022,
primarily attributable to (i) an add-back of RMB2,257 million (US$327 million) in noncash lease expense
and (ii) an add-back of RMB1,456 million (US$211 million) in depreciation and amortization, partially
offset by (i) our net loss of RMB1,849 million (US$268 million) and (ii) a decrease in operating lease
liabilities of RMB1,608 million (US$233 million).


Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB1,342 million in 2021, primarily attributable
to (i) an add-back of RMB1,503 million in depreciation and amortization and (ii) an add-back of RMB2.3
billion in noncash lease expense, partially offset by (i) deferred taxes of RMB543 million, (ii) our net
loss of RMB480 million; (iii) decrease in operating lease liabilities of RMB2.1 billion; and (iv) decrease in
accrued expenses and other current liabilities of RMB439 million.


Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB609 million in 2020, primarily attributable
to (i) an add-back of RMB2,063 million in noncash lease expense, (ii) an add-back of RMB1,362 million
in depreciation and amortization, and (iii) an add-back of RMB709 million in impairment loss, partially
offset by (i) our net loss of RMB2,204 million, (ii) a decrease of RMB1,640 million in operating lease
liability, and (iii) a deduction of RMB553 million in deferred taxes.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   75
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Our cash used in investing activities in 2022 is primarily related to purchases of property and equipment
     of RMB1,049 million (US$152 million), proceeds from maturity/sale of investments of RMB937 million
     (US$136 million), and purchase of investments of RMB401 million (US$58 million).


     Net cash used in investing activities decreased from RMB1,402 million in 2021 to RMB522 million (US$76
     million) in 2022, primarily due to (i) a decrease in acquisitions, net of cash received from RMB742 million
     in 2021 to RMB57 million (US$8 million) in 2022, (ii) a decrease in purchase of property and equipment
     from RMB1,658 million in 2021 to RMB1,049 million (US$152 million) in 2022, and (iii) a decrease in
     proceeds from maturity/sale and return of investments from RMB1,494 million in 2021 to RMB937
     million (US$136 million) in 2022.


     Net cash used in investing activities decreased from RMB8,101 million in 2020 to RMB1,402 million in
     2021, primarily due to (i) a decrease in acquisitions, net of cash received from RMB5,060 million in 2020
     to RMB742 million in 2021, and (ii) a decrease in purchase of investments from RMB1,702 million in
     2020 to RMB521 million in 2021, and (iii) an increase in proceeds from maturity/sale of investments from
     RMB396 million in 2020 to RMB1,494 million in 2021.


     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Our major financing activities since 2021 consist of loans with commercial banks, proceeds from our
     follow-on offering of ADSs in January 2023, payment of dividends, and share repurchases.


     We had net cash used in financing activities of RMB1,394 million (US$201 million) in 2022, compared with
     net cash used in financing activities of RMB1,801 million in 2021. Net cash used in financing activities
     in 2022 primarily consisted of proceeds from short-term debt of RMB4,249 million (US$616 million),
     proceeds from long-term debt of RMB2,797 million (US$407 million) and repayment of convertible
     senior notes of RMB3,406 million (US$494 million), partially offset by (i) repayment of short-term debt of
     RMB1,935 million (US$281 million); and (ii) repayment of long-term debt of RMB2,364 million (US$342
     million).


     Net cash provided by financing activities of RMB883 million in 2020, compared with net cash used in
     financing activities of RMB1,801 million in 2021. Net cash used in financing activities in 2021 primarily
     consisted of proceeds from short-term bank borrowing of RMB2,288 million, offset of (i) repayment of
     short-term bank borrowings of RMB2,474 million; and (ii) repayment of long-term bank borrowings of
     RMB1,650 million.


     Net cash provided by financing activities in 2020 primarily consisted of (i) net proceeds of RMB6,018
     million from our global offering on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, (ii) proceeds from issuance of
     convertible senior notes, net of issuance cost of RMB3,499 million, (iii) proceeds from short-term bank
     borrowings of RMB1,658 million, and (iv) proceeds from long-term bank borrowings of RMB1,652 million,
     partially offset of (i) repayment of long-term bank borrowings of RMB9,163 million; and (ii) repayment of
     short-term bank borrowings of RMB1,993 million.




76   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
Our capital expenditures were incurred primarily in connection with leasehold improvements,
investments in furniture, fixtures and equipment and technology, information and operational software.
Our cash paid on capital expenditures totaled RMB1,776 million, RMB1,675 million and RMB1,053
million (US$153 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Our capital expenditures in 2022 consisted
of RMB1,049 million (US$152 million) in property and equipment and RMB4 million (US$1 million) in
software and license. We will continue to make capital expenditures to meet the expected growth of our
operations and expect our cash balance, cash generated from our operating activities and credit facilities
will meet our capital expenditure needs in the foreseeable future.


TRANSFER OF CASH WITHIN OUR ORGANIZATION
H World Group Limited is a holding company with no material operations of its own. H World Group
Limited conducts its operations primarily through its subsidiaries in China and Europe. Under legacy
Huazhu, H World Group Limited generally transfers cash to its Hong Kong or Singapore subsidiaries,
by way of loans and capital contributions, and these Hong Kong or Singapore subsidiaries generally
transfer cash to its PRC subsidiaries by making capital contributions or providing loans to them. H World
Group Limited may also directly transfer cash to its PRC subsidiaries by making capital contributions or
providing loans to them. These PRC subsidiaries generally transfer cash to the VIEs by loans or by making
payment to the VIEs for inter-group transactions. These PRC subsidiaries generally transfer cash to
these Hong Kong or Singapore subsidiaries by way of repayment of loans and dividends, and these PRC,
Hong Kong or Singapore subsidiaries generally transfer cash to H World Group Limited through loans or
repayment of loans.


To a lesser extent, H World Group Limited and its subsidiaries may transfer cash to entities of Deutsche
Hospitality by way of loans, if needed.


Except as disclosed in the table and discussion below, the VIEs have not distributed and do not currently
have any plans to distribute any earnings or settle any amounts owed under the contractual agreements
to our subsidiaries. The VIEs in aggregate contributed an insignificant portion (less than 2%) of our total
retained earnings as of December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   77
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table presents the cash flows among the Company, its subsidiaries and the VIEs for the
     fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022.


                                                        Cash transfer between our company, subsidiaries and VIEs
                                                                             (RMB in millions)
                                                                    2020                 2021               2022

     Cash flows between subsidiaries and VIEs
     Loans from subsidiaries to the VIEs
           under the contractual arrangement                            5                    –                     1
     Cash receipts by the VIEs from
           subsidiaries for services                                  29                   34                    30
     Loans to subsidiaries by the VIEs                                (14)                 (21)                   (2)
     Repayment of loans by subsidiaries                                 3                    7                     5


     Cash flows between holding company
           and subsidiaries(1)                                      2020                 2021               2022
     Loans to subsidiaries                                         (6,267)              (1,050)                 (750)
     Repayment of loans by subsidiaries                                 –                    –              4,165
     Loans from subsidiaries                                            –                    –                  798


     Note:

     (1)       Includes overseas and PRC subsidiaries


     For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022,


     •         our subsidiaries paid service fee totaled approximately RMB29 million, RMB34 million and RMB30
               million (US$4 million), respectively, to the VIEs for telecommunication services and internet-
               related services provided to hotels;


     •         cash inflows of the VIEs were primarily provided via loan arrangements with our subsidiaries,
               our payment to the VIEs for inter-group transactions, and capital contributions of the nominee
               shareholders. For example, HZ Hotel Management, which is our subsidiary that entered
               into contractual arrangements with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, provided loans of
               approximately RMB5 million to nominee shareholders of Shanghai Huanmei in 2020 as capital
               contributions to the VIEs, the cash flows of which have been included in “loans from subsidiaries
               to the VIEs under the contractual arrangements” in the table above;


     •         the VIEs lent approximately RMB14 million, RMB21 million and RMB2 million (US$0.3 million),
               respectively, to our subsidiaries other than HZ Hotel Management, and these subsidiaries repaid
               RMB3 million, RMB7 million and RMB5 million (US$1 million) to the VIEs for loans that the VIEs
               previously provided to them; and




78   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•      cash was transferred from us to our subsidiaries primarily through shareholder loans. In these
       same respective periods, our subsidiaries borrowed approximately RMB6,267 million, RMB1,050
       million and RMB750 million (US$109 million) from us, and these subsidiaries repaid approximately
       nil, nil and RMB4,165 million (US$604 million) to us for such loans.


•      Our subsidiaries provided RMB798 million (US$116 million) loans to us for repayment of
       convertible senior notes in 2022. No loans were provided by our subsidiaries to us in 2020 and
       2021.


Other than the transfers described above, no assets were transferred among us, our subsidiaries, and
the VIEs for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022.


RESTRICTIONS ON CASH TRANSFERS TO US
H World Group Limited is a holding company with no material operations of its own. We conduct our
operations primarily through our subsidiaries in China and Europe. We face various restrictions and
limitations on foreign exchange; our ability to transfer cash between entities, across borders and to
U.S. investors; and our ability to distribute earnings from our subsidiaries and/or the VIEs, to us and
holders of the ADSs as well as the ability to settle amounts owed under the contractual arrangements
with the VIEs. If our subsidiaries or any newly formed subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the
future, the instruments governing their debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. In addition,
our subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their retained earnings, if any, as
determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Pursuant to laws applicable
to entities incorporated in the PRC, our subsidiaries in the PRC must make appropriations from after-
tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds. In particular, subject to certain cumulative limits, the
statutory reserve fund requires an annual appropriation of 10% of after-tax profit (as determined under
accounting principles generally accepted in the PRC at each year-end) until the accumulative amount of
such reserve fund reaches 50% of a PRC subsidiary’s registered capital. These reserve funds can only
be used for such specific purposes as provided in PRC laws, and are not distributable as cash dividends.
In addition, due to restrictions on the distribution of share capital from our PRC subsidiaries, the share
capital of our PRC subsidiaries is considered restricted. As a result of these requirements under PRC
laws and regulations, as of December 31, 2022, approximately RMB3,735 million (US$542 million) was
not available for distribution to us by our PRC subsidiaries in the form of dividends, loans, or advances.


Due to various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC
entities by offshore holding companies, we and the VIEs may not be able to obtain the necessary
regulatory approvals or complete the necessary regulatory registrations or other procedures on a timely
basis, or at all, with respect to future loans by us to our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs or with respect to
future capital contributions by us to our PRC subsidiaries. These requirements may delay or prevent us
from using our offshore funds to make loans or capital contribution to our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs,
and thus may restrict our ability to execute our business strategy, and materially and adversely affect
our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   79
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     In addition, uncertainties regarding the interpretation and implementation of the contractual
     arrangements with the VIEs could limit our ability to enforce such agreements. If the PRC authorities
     determine that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the VIE structure do not comply with
     PRC regulations, or if current regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, our ability to
     settle amounts owed by the VIEs under the VIE agreements may be seriously hindered.


     Furthermore, due to restrictions on foreign exchange placed on our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs by the
     PRC regulators under PRC laws and regulations, to the extent cash is located in the PRC or within a PRC-
     domiciled entity and may need to be used to fund our operations outside of the PRC, the funds may not
     be available due to such limitations unless and until related approvals and registrations are obtained.
     Under regulations of the SAFE, the Renminbi is not convertible into foreign currencies for capital account
     items, such as loans, repatriation of investments and investments outside of China, unless the prior
     approvals and registrations of the SAFE and other competent PRC authorities are obtained.


     DIVIDENDS OR DISTRIBUTIONS TO US INVESTORS
     Starting from 2018, each year we have considered making moderate dividend distributions within the
     range of 0.5% to 2.0% of our market capitalization from current-year net income.


     Our company did not distribute cash dividends to our shareholders in 2021, as it was restricted from
     distributing cash dividends until June 30, 2021 pursuant to a waiver from certain financial covenants
     that we obtained on April 17, 2020 for our syndicated bank loans; we have paid off these syndicated bank
     loans as of the date of this annual report. On March 3, 2022, our company declared a cash dividend of
     approximately US$68 million, which was paid in full in April 2022.


     H World Group Limited’s source of dividends has come primarily from dividends from our PRC
     subsidiaries.


     TAXATION ON DIVIDENDS OR DISTRIBUTIONS
     The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementing regulations (collectively “EIT Law”) provide
     that enterprises established outside of China whose “de facto management bodies” are located in
     China are considered resident enterprises. Currently, it is still unclear whether the PRC tax authorities
     would determine that we should be classified as a PRC resident enterprise. See “Other Information for
     Shareholders – Taxation – PRC Taxation.”


     The EIT Law imposes a withholding tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a PRC subsidiary to its
     immediate holding company outside of China, if such immediate holding company is considered a non-
     resident enterprise without any establishment or place of business within China or if the dividends
     received have no connection with the establishment or place of business of such immediate holding
     company within China, unless such immediate holding company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax
     treaty with China that provides for a preferential withholding tax rate. A holding company which is a tax
     resident in Hong Kong, for example, would be subject to a 5% withholding tax on dividends under the Tax
     Arrangement between the PRC central government and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
     if the holding company is the beneficial owner of the dividends and holds more than 25% of the share
     capital of the PRC company.




80   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The EIT Law provides that PRC resident enterprises are generally subject to a uniform 25% enterprise
income tax rate on their worldwide income. Therefore, if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we
will be subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide income at the 25% uniform tax rate, which could have
an impact on our effective tax rate and an adverse effect on our net income and results of operations,
although we may be exempted from enterprise income tax on dividends distributed from our directly or
indirectly controlled non-PRC subsidiaries sourced from outside China, since such income received by
PRC resident enterprise may be tax exempted subject to certain requirements and limitations under the
EIT Law.


Our German subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends from their distributable profit as long as there
are no agreements, such as debt covenants, that restrict such payments, in which regulations applying
to limited liability companies (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung ) have to be taken into account.
Pursuant to the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, dividends are only payable out of profits. Typically, the
directors of the relevant companies will recommend a particular rate of dividend and these subsidiaries
will, in general meetings, declare the dividend subject to the maximum recommended by the directors.


In 2020, 2021 and 2022, nil, nil and RMB1,310 million were paid as dividends from our PRC subsidiaries
to our Hong Kong and Singapore subsidiaries, respectively. Except as disclosed under “－Transfer of
Cash within Our Organization,” no dividend or distribution was made by our offshore subsidiaries to our
company in 2020, 2021 and 2022.


For purposes of illustration only, the following discussion reflects the hypothetical taxes that might be
required to be paid in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Singapore, assuming that: (i) we have taxable
earnings in the PRC subsidiaries/VIEs, and (ii) we determine to pay dividends with funds derived from our
earnings in the PRC subsidiaries/VIEs in the future. The illustration below, presented by percentages,
starts with pre-tax earnings of our PRC subsidiaries and VIEs and concludes with the percentage of that
amount payable to our company as dividends.


                                                                                                  Taxation
                                                                                                Scenario(1)
                                                                                        Statutory Tax and
                                                                                          Standard Rates

Hypothetical pre-tax earnings in the PRC subsidiaries/VIEs                                           100%
Tax on earnings at statutory rate of 25% at WFOE level
                                                   (2)
                                                                                                     (25)%
Amount to be distributed as dividend from WFOE(2) to Hong Kong or Singapore entities                  75%
Withholding tax at standard rate of 10%   (3)
                                                                                                    (7.5)%
Amount to be distributed as dividend at Hong Kong entities level/Singapore
  entities level and net distribution to H World Group Limited(4)                                   67.5%




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   81
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Notes:

     (1)      For purposes of this example, the tax calculation has been simplified. The hypothetical book pre-tax earnings amount is
              assumed to equal Chinese taxable income.

     (2)      We use the term “WFOE” to refer to our wholly-owned subsidiary in the PRC that is the counterparty to the VIEs in our
              contractual arrangements with them.

     (3)      The EIT Law imposes a withholding income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a PRC subsidiary to its immediate holding
              company outside of Mainland China. A lower withholding income tax rate of 5% is applied if the immediate holding company is
              a Hong Kong or Singapore entity which is the beneficial owner of the dividends and holds more than 25% of the share capital
              of the PRC subsidiary. There is no incremental tax at Hong Kong or Singapore entities level for any dividend distribution to H
              World Group Limited.

     (4)      If the treaty benefit is available and a 5% withholding income tax rate is imposed, the withholding tax would be 3.75% of the
              hypothetical book pre-tax earnings amount and the amount to be distributed as dividend at Hong Kong or Singapore entities
              level and net distribution to H World Group Limited would be 71.25%.


     Currently, it is still unclear whether the PRC tax authorities will determine that we should be classified as
     a PRC resident enterprise. If we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise by the PRC tax authorities,
     dividends paid to our non-PRC individual shareholders, including our ADS holders, and any gain realized
     on the transfer of ADSs or ordinary shares by such holders may be subject to PRC individual income tax
     at a rate of 20%, which in the case of dividends may be withheld at source. Any such tax may reduce the
     returns on your investment in the ADSs or ordinary shares. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing
     Business in China – It is unclear whether we will be considered as a PRC resident enterprise under
     the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, and depending on the determination of our PRC resident
     enterprise status, if we are not treated as a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to us by our PRC
     subsidiaries will be subject to PRC withholding tax; if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we
     may be subject to 25% PRC income tax on our worldwide income, and holders of our ADSs or ordinary
     shares that are non-PRC resident investors may be subject to PRC withholding tax on dividends on and
     gains realized on their transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares.”


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT, PATENTS AND
     LICENSES, ETC.
     See “Business Overview – Technology Infrastructure and Digitalization” and “－Intellectual Property”.




82   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



TREND INFORMATION
Jizhu Shanghai is a recognized software development entity located in Shanghai of PRC. In November
2018, Jizhu Shanghai was qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting in it being subject to a
reduced tax rate of 15% in 2018, 2019 and 2020. In December 2021, Jizhu Shanghai was qualified as high
and new tech enterprise, resulting Jizhu Shanghai subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2021,2022 and
2023. H-World Information is qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting in H-World Information
and Technology Co., Ltd. being subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2019, 2020 and 2021. In December
2022, H-World Information was qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting H-World Information
subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024. Pursuant to the relevant regulations
applicable to small and micro businesses, several PRC subsidiaries enjoy a preferential tax rate of 20%
with a discount to taxable income. From January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2020, for entities with taxable
income of less than RMB1 million, 75% of their taxable income would be exempted in tax computation,
and for entities with taxable income over RMB1 million but less than RMB3 million, the discount would
be 50%. From January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021, for entities with taxable income less than RMB1
million, 87.5% of the taxable income would be exempted in tax computation, and for entities with taxable
income over RMB1 million but less than RMB3 million, the discount would be 50%. From January 1,
2022 to December 31, 2022, for entities with taxable income less than RMB1 million, 87.5% of the
taxable income would be exempted in tax computation, and for taxable income over RMB1 million but
less than RMB3 million, the discount would be 75%. From January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2024, for
entities with taxable income less than RMB3 million, 75% of the taxable income would be exempted in
tax computation. Entities qualified as small and micro businesses should engage in industries which are
not restricted or prohibited by the state and should simultaneously meet the following three conditions:
annual taxable income does not exceed RMB3 million, the number of employees does not exceed 300,
and the total assets does not exceed RMB50 million. The aggregate amount and per share effect of tax
holidays were as follows:


                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                   2020              2021                2022
                                                                  (RMB)             (RMB)               (RMB)
                                                                 (In millions, except per share data)

Aggregate amount                                                      31               37                  22
Per share effect – basic                                            0.01             0.01                0.01
Per share effect – diluted                                          0.01             0.01                0.01

Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends, uncertainties,
demands, commitments or events for the current fiscal year that are reasonably likely to have a material
adverse effect on our total revenues, income, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that caused
the disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial
conditions.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   83
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
     We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires our
     management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and disclosures of
     contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates, as well as the reported amounts of revenues
     and expenses during the reporting periods. To the extent that there are material differences between
     these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations would be affected.
     We base our estimates on our own historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are
     reasonable after taking account of our circumstances and expectations for the future based on available
     information. We evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis.


     Our expectations regarding the future are based on available information and assumptions that we
     believe to be reasonable, which together form our basis for making judgments about matters that are not
     readily apparent from other sources. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial
     reporting process, our actual results could differ from those estimates. Some of our accounting policies
     require a higher degree of judgment than others in their application.


     We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (i) the accounting estimate requires us to make
     assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made,
     and (ii) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period or use of
     different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material
     impact on our financial condition or results of operations. There are other items within our financial
     statements that require estimation but are not deemed critical, as defined above. Changes in estimates
     used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements. For a detailed
     discussion of our significant accounting policies and related judgments, see “Notes to Consolidated
     Financial Statements – Note 2 Summary of Principal Accounting Policies”.


     IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL AND BRAND NAMES ARISING FROM THE
     ACQUISITION OF DEUTSCHE HOSPITALITY
     Brand names are generally considered to have indefinite useful lives which are obtained through
     business acquisitions and originally recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition.


     Determining whether impairment indicators exist and estimating the fair value of our goodwill reporting
     units and intangible assets for impairment testing require significant judgment. Brand names are
     evaluated for impairment using an income approach utilizing the relief from royalty method. The
     determination of the fair value using the discount cash flow model requires our management to make
     significant estimates and assumptions related to projected hotels’ revenues, growth rates, projected
     operating cost, royalty saving rates and discount rates.




84   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The assumptions used to assess impairment consider historical trends, macroeconomic conditions, and
projections are consistent with our operating strategy, which involves uncertainty due to the impact of
COVID-19. Changes in these estimates can have a significant impact on the assessment of fair value
which could result in material impairment losses.


For the year ended December 31, 2022, we performed a quantitative assessment of goodwill for legacy
DH. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded as a result of the testing. The estimated fair value
of goodwill for legacy DH exceeded the calculated carrying value by more than 10%. A 5% decline in
projected cash flows or increase in the discount rate would not result in an impairment.


We also performed quantitative impairment testing for brand names for legacy DH. As of December 31,
2022, the estimated fair value of one brand name acquired in DH acquisition was lower than its carrying
value, and an impairment of RMB167 million was recognized in 2022, which reduced the carrying value
by 41%. A 5% increase in the discount rate or decrease in royalty saving rate could result in further
impairment charges of approximately RMB16 million and RMB12 million, respectively. In addition,
the estimated fair value of both the other two brand names acquired in DH acquisition exceeded their
carrying value by approximately RMB212 million and RMB306 million, which accounted for 9% and 47%
of their carrying value, respectively. A 5% increase in the discount rate or decrease in royalty saving rate
could reduce the fair value of these two brand names by RMB172 million and RMB65 million, or RMB134
million and RMB48 million, respectively.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK
INTEREST RATE RISK
Our exposure to interest rate risk primarily relates to the interest rates for our outstanding debt and the
interest income generated by excess cash invested in liquid investments with original maturities of three
months or less. We do not rely on derivative financial instruments to manage our interest risk exposure.
Interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk.


We have not been exposed to material risks due to changes in interest rates. However, our future interest
income and interest expense may be different from expected due to changes in market interest rates.


FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK
A significant portion of our revenues, expenses and financial assets are denominated in the Renminbi.
Our reporting currency is Renminbi. The functional currencies of entities within Deutsche Hospitality
include Euro and other currencies such as Swiss Franc. Our exposure to foreign exchange risk primarily
relates to cash and cash equivalents and loans denominated in U.S. dollars and Euro, and our investment
in equity securities of Accor denominated in Euro. Although in general, our exposure to foreign exchange
risks should be limited, the value of your investment in our ADSs will be affected by the foreign exchange
rate between U.S. dollars and RMB and between U.S. dollars and Euro because the value of our business
is effectively denominated in RMB and Euro, while the ADSs will be traded in U.S. dollars.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   85
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar, the Hong Kong dollar and other currencies may fluctuate
     and is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic conditions. The
     conversion of RMB into other currencies, including U.S. dollars and Hong Kong dollar, has been based
     on rates set by the People’s Bank of China. On July 21, 2005, the PRC regulatory authorities changed
     its decade-old policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. dollar. Under the new policy, the
     RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign
     currencies. This change in policy caused the Renminbi to appreciate by more than 20% against the U.S.
     dollar between July 2005 and July 2008. Between July 2008 and June 2010, this appreciation halted
     and the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar remained within a narrow band. Since
     June 2010, the RMB has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. It
     is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate
     between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future. To the extent we hold assets denominated in U.S.
     dollars, any appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could result in a change to our statement
     of operations and a reduction in the value of our U.S. dollar denominated assets. On the other hand, a
     decline in the value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and the Hong Kong dollar could reduce the U.S.
     dollar equivalent amounts of our financial results, the value of your investment in our company and the
     dividends we may pay in the future, if any, all of which may have a material adverse effect on the prices
     of ADSs and ordinary shares. To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars or Hong Kong dollars
     into Renminbi or Euro for our operations, appreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against the U.S. dollar
     or Hong Kong dollar would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi or Euro amount we receive from the
     conversion.


     By way of example, assuming we had converted a U.S. dollar denominated cash balance of US$1 million
     as of December 31, 2022 into Renminbi at the exchange rate of US$1.00 for RMB6.8972, such cash
     balance would have been approximately RMB6.9 million (US$1 million). Assuming a 1.0% depreciation
     of the RMB against the U.S. dollar, such cash balance would have increased to RMB7.0 million (US$1
     million) as of December 31, 2022.


     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
     DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
     Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has
     performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures within the
     meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by
     this annual report. Based on such evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of the end of the
     period covered by this annual report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.




86   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for our company. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (a) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of a company’s assets, (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and that a company’s receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of a company’s management and directors and (c) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of a
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation
and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.


As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules as promulgated by the SEC,
our management assessed the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022 using criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation,
our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2022.


ATTESTATION REPORT OF THE REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been
audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm. The attestation report issued by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
LLP can be found in our annual report on Form 20-F.


CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
There were no significant changes that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   87
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, or Deloitte, our independent registered
     public accounting firm, began serving as our auditor in August 2009.


     Our audit committee is responsible for the oversight of Deloitte’s work. The policy of our audit committee
     is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by Deloitte, including audit services, audit-
     related services, tax services and other services, other than those for de minimis services which are
     approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit.


     We paid the following fees for professional services to Deloitte for the years ended December 31, 2021
     and 2022.


                                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                           2021                      2022
                                                                                                            US$                       US$
                                                                                                           (In millions)

     Audit Fees       (1)
                                                                                                             2.9                        2.9
     Tax Fees   (2)
                                                                                                             0.5                        0.1
     Total                                                                                                   3.4                        3.0


     Note:

     (1)      Audit Fees. This category includes the aggregate fees billed for the professional services rendered by our principal auditors
             for the interim review of quarterly financial statements and the audit of our annual financial statements.

     (2)     Tax Fees. This category includes the aggregate fees billed for the professional services rendered by our principal auditors for
             tax compliance and tax advice.


     SIGNIFICANT CHANGES
     Except as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we have not experienced any significant changes
     since the date of our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.




88   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                 DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND
                                        EMPLOYEES
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our directors and executive officers
as of the date of this annual report. The business address of all of our directors and executive officers is
No. 1299 Fenghua Road, Jiading District, Shanghai 201803, People’s Republic of China.


Directors and Executive Officers       Age      Position/Title

Qi Ji                                  56       Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
John Jiong Wu                          55       Co-founder, Independent Director
Tong Tong Zhao                         56       Co-founder, Independent Director
Shangzhi Zhang                         70       Director
Jian Shang                             55       Independent Director
Theng Fong Hee                         68       Independent Director
Lei Cao                                48       Independent Director
Hui Jin                                45       Chief Executive Officer
Xinxin Liu                             45       President
Jihong He                              52       Chief Financial Officer


Qi Ji is our founder, and was appointed as a director on February 2007. Mr. Ji has also served as the
executive chairman of our board since August 2009. Prior to his current role, he also served as our chief
executive officer from January 2012 to May 2015, from 2007 to August 2009, and from November 2019 to
September 2021. He co-founded Home Inns & Hotels Management Inc. and served as its chief executive
officer from 2002 to January 2005. He also co-founded Trip.com (a company listed on the NASDAQ, ticker
symbol: TCOM), one of the largest online travel services providers in China, in 1999, acted as its chief
executive officer and president until 2001, and currently serves on Trip.com’s board as an independent
director. Mr. Ji received his bachelor degree in engineering mechanics and master degree in mechanical
engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in the PRC in 1989 and February 1992, respectively.


John Jiong Wu , a co-founder of our company, has served as our director since January 2007. He is
founding partner and chairman of FengHe Fund Management Pte. Ltd. He served as the venture partner
of Northern Light Venture Capital and was an angel investor and the chief technology officer of Alibaba
Group from 2000 to 2007. Mr. Wu was a non-executive director of Viva Biotech Holdings (a company listed
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1873) from 2018 to 2020. Mr. Wu received his Bachelor of
Science in Computer Science degree from the University of Michigan in August 1989.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   89
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


     Tong Tong Zhao , a co-founder of our company, has served as our director since February 2007. Ms. Zhao
     has served in several companies, including the supervisor of Shanghai Asia-Tang Health Technology
     Development Co., Ltd., the executive director of Shanghai Hong Ying Hi-Tech Co., Ltd., and the executive
     director of Shanghai Xie Cheng Science and Technology Co., Ltd.. Ms. Zhao received her Master of
     Engineering degree from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in the PRC in March 1992 and her Master of
     Business Administration degree from McGill University in Canada in June 2003. She also obtained her
     bachelor’s degree with a major in biomedical engineering from Southeast University in the PRC in July
     1989.


     Shangzhi Zhang has served as our director since June 2016. Mr. Zhang has been the executive director
     of Tianjin Amis Hotel Management Company since 2009. He acted as general delegate of Accor Hotel
     Group in China from January 1999 to December 2008, during which he was concurrently appointed
     as the executive director and general manager of Tianjin Accor Hotel Management Co., Ltd. in March
     2003, and was responsible for brand Ibis’ development and operation in China. He successively served
     as head of manager office, assistant to general manager and deputy general manager at China Export
     Commodity Bases Development Corporation, from January 1993 to 1998. Prior to that, Mr. Zhang held
     several positions at the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade of PRC from February 1978
     to December 1992. He was third secretary of the Commercial Bureau of Chinese Embassy in Zaire from
     October 1981 to September 1985. Mr. Zhang graduated from the University of International Business
     and Economics (formerly known as Beijing Institute of Foreign Trade) in the PRC with a major in French
     in January 1978. He studied for “joint interpreting and conference service” program at the Commission of
     the European Communities in Brussels from September 1987 to February 1988 and the French National
     School of Administration (École Nationale d’Administration) in France from 1990 to 1991. In 2014, Mr.
     Zhang received the medal award of “Chevalier de Legion d’honneur” from French government.


     Jian Shang has served as our independent director since May 2014. Mr. Shang has been the general
     manager of Hong Shang Asset Management Co., Ltd. since July 2013. From September 2006 to November
     2012, he served as chief executive officer of UBS SDIC Fund Management Company. Prior to that, he
     served as chief executive officer of Yin Hua Fund Management Co., Ltd., deputy chief executive officer
     of Hua An Fund Management Co., Ltd, and head of strategic planning of Shanghai Stock Exchange
     respectively from January 2001 to June 2006. Previously, he was a deputy division director of CSRC. Mr.
     Shang has been an independent non-executive director of Shanghai Realway Capital Assets Management
     Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1835) since October 2018. Mr.
     Shang obtained his PhD in business administration and master of arts in economics from University of
     Connecticut in the United States in December 1997 and December 1994, respectively, and his bachelor’s
     degree with a major in industrial and foreign trade from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in the PRC in July
     1989.




90   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                        DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


Theng Fong Hee has served as our independent director of the Company since July 2020. Mr. Hee
is a senior lawyer in Singapore with over 40 years of experience. He is now a full time independent
arbitrator and mediator with The Arbitration Chambers. Mr. Hee is a fellow of Singapore Institute of
Arbitrators and Chartered Institute of Arbitrators (UK). He is also on the panel of arbitrators in various
arbitration institutions including Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC), China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (CIETAC), Beijing Arbitration Commission (BAC), Shanghai
International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (SHIAC), Hong Kong International Arbitration
Centre (HKIAC), Hainan International Arbitration Court (HIAC), Chongqing Arbitration Commission (CQAC),
Shanghai Arbitration Commission (SHAC), Wuhan Arbitration Commission (WHAC) and Asian International
Arbitration Centre (AIAC). Mr. Hee is also an ambassador of Singapore International Mediation Centre
(SIMC) and has been an accredited mediator of Singapore Mediation Centre (SMC) since March 2017. He
serves as an independent director of several listed companies, including Zheneng Jinjiang Environment
Holding Company Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: BWM) since June
2016, Straco Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: S85) since
April 2016, Yanlord Land Group Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: Z25)
since October 2017, China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corporation Ltd (a company listed on the Singapore
Exchange, stock code: G92) since April 2019, Haidilao International Holding Ltd. (a company listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code:6862) since September 2018, Tye Soon Limited (a company
listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: BFU) from May 1997 to June 2020, APAC Realty Limited (a
company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: CLN) from September 2017 to June 2020, First
Resources Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: EB5) from October 2007 to
May 2018, YHI International Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: BPF) from
May 2003 to April 2018, and Datapulse Technology Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange,
stock code: BKW) from January 1994 to December 2017. Mr. Hee was also a director of Chinese
Development Assistance Council from June 2012 to June 2018 and Singapore Chinese Cultural Centre
from May 2015 to September 2019. He has been a director of Chua Foundation of Singapore from March
2015 to 2021, F&H Singhome Fund II Ltd. since April 2012, F&H Singhome Fund III Ltd. since August 2015
and independent non-executive director of Greenland (Singapore) Trust Management Pte. Ltd. since April
2018. Mr. Hee was awarded the Public Service Medal and Public Service Star awards respectively in 2008
and 2015. He was also appointed as a Justice of the Peace in April 2018. Mr. Hee obtained his bachelor’s
degree in law from National University of Singapore (formerly known as the University of Singapore) with
honors in Singapore in May 1979 and also received a diploma in Chinese law from Soochow University
in the PRC in October 2004. He has been admitted as an advocate and solicitor by the Supreme Court of
Singapore since October 1981.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   91
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


     Lei Cao has served as our independent director since July 2020. She has been the head of tax Greater
     China in Philips Electronic Singapore Pte Ltd. since May 2012. Prior to that, Ms. Cao served as a senior
     tax director from January 2010 to May 2012 and a tax director from October 2007 to December 2009 in
     Philips China Investment Co., Ltd. She was also a tax director in Philips Electronics Singapore Pte Ltd
     from January 2006 to September 2007 and the senior tax manager in Philips China Investment Co., Ltd.
     from November 2003 to December 2005. Her primary role is to manage a team to provide tax solutions for
     Philips group in the responsible market, as well as to support and secure Philips group’s interests and
     operations. Previously, Ms. Cao worked in Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
     from September 1995 to October 2003 under various roles and her last position was a manager in the tax
     and business advisory department. Ms. Cao received a bachelor’s degree with a major in international
     business management from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in the PRC in July 1995. Ms.
     Cao is a PRC Certified Public Accountant, who has obtained her qualification from Shanghai Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants in December 2009, and is also a PRC Certified Tax Agent, who has obtained
     her qualification from Shanghai Certified Tax Agent Management Center in June 2000.


     Hui Jin joined us in 2005 and has served as our chief executive officer since September 2021. He has
     successively served as the director of our Development Department, our vice president, executive vice
     president, and president, respectively. Mr. Jin worked with Shanghai Home Inns Hotels Management
     Limited as regional development manager during the period from March 2004 to December 2004. Mr. Jin
     received his executive master’s degree from China Europe International Business School in the PRC in
     August 2014, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology from the East China Normal University in
     the PRC in July 2000.


     Xinxin Liu joined us in 2012 and has served as our president since September 2021. She has successively
     served as our chief information officer, chief digital officer and co-president. She was the founder and
     CEO of H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd. (盟廣信息技術有限公司), which is an IT company
     incubated by our Group in November 2013. Prior to joining us, Ms. Liu worked in Alcatel-Lucent Shanghai
     Bell from July 1999 to September 2012, and was the IT head before she left. Ms. Liu received her
     master’s degree in master of business administration from Fudan University in the PRC in January 2008,
     and her bachelor’s degree in economic information management from Beijing Technology and Business
     University (formerly known as Beijing Business Academy) in the PRC in June 1999.


     Jihong He joined us in October 2021 and has served as our chief financial officer since December
     2022. Prior to joining us, Ms. He was the Chief Corporate Strategy Officer and CEO of Data Center of
     CapitaLand (SGX: C31) from July 2019 to August 2021. Prior to that, she worked with Temasek, including
     serving as a director and a managing director, successively, of Temasek International from July 2013
     to March 2018, and as the chief strategy officer and chief investment officer of Ascendas-Singbridge,
     a Temasek portfolio company, from June 2015 and June 2019. Prior to that, she worked for Roland
     Berger Strategy Consultants (“Roland Berger”), with the latest position as a principal and a member of
     the Asia Leadership Team. Before joining Roland Berger, Ms. He worked as a senior manager in global
     investments & terminal operations at Fraport AG from January 2002 to August 2005. She started her
     career as a product manager of the global marketing chemicals division at BASF SE in Germany in 1997.
     Ms. He obtained her MBA degree from the University of British Columbia in Canada.




92   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                          DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



BOARD DIVERSITY DISCLOSURE
The following information was provided by our directors on a voluntary basis.


Board Diversity Matrix (As of the date of this annual report)


                                                                                                  People’s
Country of Principal Executive Offices                                                  Republic of China

Foreign Private Issuer                                                                                 Yes
Disclosure Prohibited Under Home
  Country Law                                                                                           No
Total Number of Directors                                                                                  7


                                                                                                   Did Not
                                                  Female          Male Non-Binary        Disclose Gender

Part I: Gender Identity
  Directors                                              2            5             0                      0
Part II: Demographic Background
  Underrepresented Individual in
    Home Country                                         0
  LGBTQ+                                                 0
  Did Not Disclose Demographic
    Background                                           0


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
We have entered into an employment agreement with each of our named executive officers. Each of our
named executive officers is employed for a specified time period, which will be automatically extended
unless either we or the named executive officer gives prior notice to terminate such employment. We
may terminate the employment for cause, at any time, without notice or remuneration, for certain acts,
including but not limited to the conviction of a criminal offence and negligent or dishonest acts to our
detriment. A named executive officer may terminate his or her employment at any time with a one-month
prior written notice.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   93
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


     Each named executive officer has agreed to hold, both during and after the termination or expiry of his or
     her employment agreement, in strict confidence, and not to use, except as required in the performance
     of his or her duties in connection with the employment, any of our confidential information or trade
     secrets or the confidential or proprietary information of any third party received by us and for which we
     have confidential obligations. In addition, each named executive officer has agreed to be bound by non-
     competition restrictions. Specifically, each named executive officer has agreed not to, during his or her
     employment with us and for a period of two years following his or her termination with our company, be
     engaged as employee or in another capacity to participant directly or indirectly in any business that is in
     competition with ours. Each named executive officer also agrees to comply with all material applicable
     laws and regulations related to his or her responsibilities at our company as well as all material written
     corporate and business policies and procedures of our company.


     COMPENSATION
     For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the aggregate cash compensation and benefits that
     we paid to our directors and executive officers were approximately RMB25 million (US$4 million). No
     pension, retirement or similar benefits have been set aside or accrued for our executive officers or
     directors. We have no service contracts with any of our directors providing for benefits upon termination
     of employment.




94   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                        DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
In September 2009, our board of directors and our shareholders adopted our 2009 Share Incentive
Plan with purposes similar to our 2007 Global Share Plan and 2008 Global Share Plan. Our 2009 Share
Incentive Plan was subsequently amended in October 2009, August 2010, March 2015 and May 2018. 430
million ordinary shares may be issued under our amended 2009 Share Incentive Plan, or the Amended
2009 Plan.


Plan Administration . The compensation committee administers our Amended 2009 Plan. Our ESOP
administration committee, currently comprised solely of Mr. Qi Ji, has been delegated certain authorities,
among others, to grant, in its sole discretion, options, restricted stocks and restricted stock units to be
issued under the respective share incentive plans to any of our employees and consultants except for
our directors and executive officers, and the aggregate number of shares covered by any single grant it
makes shall not exceed 5,000,000 ordinary shares.


Types of Awards .


•     Options . The purchase price per share under an option will be determined by a committee
       appointed by our board and set forth in the award agreement. The term of an option granted under
       the Amended 2009 Plan must not exceed ten years from the grant date, and a shorter term may be
       required.


•     Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . An award of restricted stock is a grant of our ordinary
       shares subject to restrictions the committee appointed by our board may impose. A restricted
       stock unit is a contractual right that is denominated in our ordinary shares, each of which
       represents a right to receive the value of a share or a specified percentage of such value upon the
       terms and conditions set forth in the Amended 2009 Plan and the applicable award agreement.


•     Other Stock-based Awards . The committee is authorized to grant other stock-based awards
       that are denominated or payable in or otherwise related to our ordinary shares such as stock
       appreciation rights and rights to dividends and dividend equivalents. Terms and conditions of
       such awards will be determined by the committee appointed by our board. Unless the awards are
       granted in substitution for outstanding awards previously granted by an entity that we acquired
       or combined, the value of the consideration for the ordinary shares to be purchased upon the
       exercise of such awards shall not be less than the fair market value of the underlying ordinary
       shares on the grant date.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   95
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


     Vesting Schedule . As of the date of this annual report, we have entered into option agreements and
     restricted stock award agreements respectively under our Amended 2009 Plan. Pursuant to our typical
     option agreement, 50% of the options granted shall vest on the second anniversary of the vesting
     commencement date specified in the corresponding option agreement, and 1/48 of the options shall vest
     each month thereafter over the next two years on the first day of each month, subject to the optionee’s
     continuing to provide services to us. Pursuant to our typical restricted stock award agreement, 50%
     of the restricted stock granted shall vest on the second anniversary of the vesting commencement
     date specified in the corresponding restricted stock award agreement, and 1/8 of the restricted stock
     shall vest each six-month period thereafter over the next two years on the last day of each six-month
     period, subject to the grantee’s continuing to provide services to us. For certain grants, we may also
     apply different vesting schedules set forth in the relevant agreements between the grantees and us.
     For example, certain restricted stocks granted shall vest over a period of ten years in equal yearly
     installments.


     Termination of the Amended 2009 Plan . Our Amended 2009 Plan will terminate in 2029. Our board of
     directors may amend, suspend, or terminate our Amended 2009 Plan at any time. No amendment,
     alteration, suspension, or termination of these plans shall materially and adversely impair the rights of
     any participant with respect to an outstanding award, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the
     participant and the administrator.


     The following tables summarize options and restricted stocks that we have granted to our directors and
     executive officers and to other individuals as a group under our share incentive plans as of December 31,
     2022.


                                       Ordinary Shares
                                           Underlying
                                                 Options    Exercise Price
     Name                                       Awarded       (US$/Share)    Date of Grant        Date of Expiration

     Qi Ji                                      4,000,000           0.153    October 1, 2009      October 1, 2019
                                                4,363,480         0.27525    July 17, 2012        July 17, 2018
     Tong Tong Zhao                             1,000,000           0.153    October 1, 2009      October 1, 2019
     John Jiong Wu                              1,000,000           0.153    October 1, 2009      October 1, 2019
     Hui Jin                                           *             0.05    February 4, 2007     February 4, 2017
                                                       *           0.4265    March 31, 2011       March 31, 2017
                                                       *           0.5415    May 13, 2014         May 13, 2020
                                                       *           0.4925    March 31, 2015       March 31, 2021
     Xinxin Liu                                        *           0.5415    May 13, 2014         May 13, 2020
     Other individuals as a group         169,165,700        0.050-0.5415    February 4, 2007 –   February 4, 2017 –
                                                                             April 1, 2015        April 1, 2021




96   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                             DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



                                                        Ordinary Shares
                                                   Underlying Restricted
Name                                                    Stocks Awarded              Date of Grant
Qi Ji                                                             2,000,000         August 6, 2011
                                                                  8,978,800         July 17, 2012
                                                                 16,971,870         March 17, 2015
                                                                 10,982,240         March 26, 2015
Shangzhi Zhang                                                            *         January 18, 2012
                                                                          *         January 10, 2013
                                                                          *         December 10, 2014
                                                                          *         March 13, 2017
                                                                          *         March 14, 2022
Hui Jin                                                                   *         March 31, 2011
                                                                          *         July 2, 2012
                                                                          *         July 1,2013
                                                                          *         July 17, 2014
                                                                          *         March 26, 2015
                                                                          *         October 24, 2022
Jian Shang                                                                *         May 5, 2014
                                                                          *         July 23, 2020
Xinxin Liu                                                                *         January 10, 2013
                                                                          *         July 1, 2013
                                                                          *         July 17, 2014
                                                                          *         March 26, 2015
                                                                          *         March 17, 2017
                                                                          *         March 27, 2018
                                                                          *         March 7, 2019
                                                                          *         March 18, 2020
                                                                          *         February 1, 2021
                                                                          *         March 14, 2022
                                                                          *         October 24, 2022
Lei Cao                                                                   *         July 23, 2020
Jihong He                                                                 *         March 14, 2022
                                                                          *         October 24, 2022
Other individuals as a group                                    141,078,030         February 7, 2011 – October 24, 2022


*       Upon exercise of all options granted and vesting restricted stock granted, would beneficially own less than 1% of our
        outstanding ordinary shares.




                                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   97
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



     BOARD PRACTICES
     GENERAL
     Our board of directors currently consists of seven directors. Under our amended and restated
     memorandum and articles of association, which came into effect upon our initial public offering, our
     board of directors shall consist of at least two directors. Pursuant to our amended and restated articles
     of association, our directors may be elected by our shareholders. If our board appoints any person as a
     director to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to our existing board, such director shall be subject to
     re-election at our first subsequent general meeting or annual general meeting, respectively. There is no
     shareholding requirement for qualification to serve as a member of our board of directors.


     Our board of directors may exercise all the powers of our company to borrow money, mortgage or
     charge its undertaking, property and uncalled capital, and issue debentures, debenture stock and other
     securities whenever money is borrowed or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of our company
     or of any third party.


     We believe that each of Ms. Tong Tong Zhao, Mr. John Jiong Wu, Mr. Jian Shang, Mr. Theng Fong Hee and
     Ms. Lei Cao is an “independent director” as that term is used in NASDAQ corporate governance rules.


     DUTIES OF DIRECTORS
     Under Cayman Islands law, our directors owe fiduciary duties to our company, including a duty of loyalty,
     a duty to act honestly and a duty to act in good faith with a view to our best interests. Our directors also
     have a duty to exercise the skill they actually possess and such care and diligence that a reasonably
     prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In fulfilling their duty of care to us, our
     directors must ensure compliance with our memorandum and articles of association.


     TERMS OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
     Each of our directors holds office until a successor has been duly elected and qualified or until his or her
     office is otherwise vacated in accordance with our amended and restated articles of association. All of
     our executive officers are appointed by and serve at the discretion of our board of directors.


     BOARD COMMITTEES
     We have established two committees under the board of directors – the audit committee and the
     compensation committee. We have adopted a charter for each of the board committees. Each
     committee’s members and functions are described below. We currently do not plan to establish a
     nominations committee. As a foreign private issuer, we are permitted to follow home country corporate
     governance practices under Rule 5615(a)(3) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. This home country
     practice of ours differs from Rule 5605(e) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules regarding implementation of
     a nominations committee, because there are no specific requirements under Cayman Islands law on the
     establishment of a nominations committee.




98   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                       DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



Audit Committee
Our audit committee consists of three directors, namely Mr. Jian Shang, Mr. Theng Fong Hee and Ms.
Lei Cao. All directors satisfy the “independence” requirements of the NASDAQ Global Select Market and
the SEC regulations. The chairman of our audit committee is Mr. Jian Shang, who is qualified as an audit
committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC regulations. The audit committee oversees our
accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our company.
The audit committee is responsible for, among other things:


•     selecting the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services
      permitted to be performed by the independent auditors;


•     setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors;


•     reviewing with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management’s
      response;


•     reviewing and approving all proposed related-party transactions;


•     discussing the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent
      auditors;


•     discussing with management and the independent auditors major issues regarding accounting
      principles and financial statement presentations;


•     reviewing reports prepared by management or the independent auditors relating to significant
      financial reporting issues and judgments;


•     reviewing with management and the independent auditors related-party transactions and off-
      balance sheet transactions and structures;


•     reviewing with management and the independent auditors the effect of regulatory and accounting
      initiatives and actions;


•     reviewing policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management;


•     reviewing our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting;


•     timely reviewing reports from the independent auditors regarding all critical accounting policies
      and practices to be used by our company, all alternative treatments of financial information within
      GAAP that have been discussed with management and all other material written communications
      between the independent auditors and management;




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   99
      DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


      •      establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received from
             our employees regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the
             confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable
             accounting or auditing matters;


      •      annually reviewing and reassessing the adequacy of our audit committee charter;


      •      such other matters that are specifically delegated to our audit committee by our board of directors
             from time to time; and


      •      meeting separately, periodically, with management, the internal auditors and the independent
             auditors.


      COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
      Our compensation committee consists of Mr. John Jiong Wu and Mr. Jian Shang. Both directors
      satisfy the “independence” requirements of NASDAQ Marketplace Rules and the SEC regulations. Our
      compensation committee assists the board in reviewing and approving the compensation structure of
      our directors and executive officers, including all forms of compensation to be provided to our directors
      and executive officers. The compensation committee is responsible for, among other things:


      •      reviewing and approving the compensation for our directors and senior executives;


      •      reviewing and evaluating our director and executive compensation and benefits policies generally;


      •      reporting to our board of directors periodically;


      •      evaluating its own performance and reporting to our board of directors on such evaluation;


      •      periodically reviewing and assessing the adequacy of the compensation committee charter and
             recommending any proposed changes to our board of directors; and


      •      such other matters that are specifically delegated to the compensation committee by our board of
             directors from time to time.


      EMPLOYEES
      We had 23,028, 24,384 and 24,335 employees as of December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. We
      recruit and directly train and manage all of our employees. We believe that we maintain a good working
      relationship with our employees and we have not experienced any significant labor disputes. Some of
      our employees are represented by unions, with a variety of collective bargaining agreements in place.
      Generally, we consider the relationships between us and the unions that represent our employees to be
      respectful.




100   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
        MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY
                               TRANSACTIONS
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership, within the meaning of
Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of our ordinary shares, as of March 31, 2023 by:


•       each of our directors and executive officers; and


•       each person known to us to own beneficially more than 5% of our ordinary shares.


Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and includes voting or investment power with respect to the ordinary shares. Except as
indicated below, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table
have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares shown as beneficially owned
by them.


                                                                                                  Ordinary Shares
                                                                                              Beneficially Owned(1)
                                                                                                Number                            %

Directors and Executive Officers:
Qi Ji                                                                                    969,315,720(2)                      30.4%
John Jiong Wu                                                                                           *   (4)
                                                                                                                                   *
Tong Tong Zhao                                                                           263,246,520(3)                       8.3%
Shangzhi Zhang                                                                                           *                         *
Jian Shang                                                                                               *                         *
Theng Fong Hee                                                                                           –                         –
Lei Cao                                                                                                  –                         –
Hui Jin                                                                                                  *                         *
Xinxin Liu                                                                                               *                         *
Jihong He                                                                                                –                         –
All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group                                          984,362,860(5)                      30.9%


Principal Shareholders:
Winner Crown Holdings Limited                                                            693,653,690(6)                      21.8%
East Leader International Limited                                                        262,246,520(7)                       8.2%
Invesco Ltd.                                                                             315,743,750        (8)
                                                                                                                              9.9%
Trip.com Group Limited                                                                   220,494,460(9)                       6.9%


*       Less than 1%.

(1)     The number of ordinary shares outstanding in calculating the percentages for each listed person or group includes the
        ordinary shares underlying options held by such person or group exercisable within 60 days after March 31, 2023. Percentage
        of beneficial ownership of each listed person or group is based on (i) 3,186,929,060 ordinary shares outstanding as of March
        31, 2023, and (ii) the ordinary shares underlying share options exercisable by such person within 60 days after March 31, 2023.




                                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022            101
      MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


      (2)    Includes (i) 693,653,690 ordinary shares held by Winner Crown Holdings Limited, or Winner Crown, a British Virgin Islands
             company wholly owned by Sherman Holdings Limited, a Bahamas company, which is in turn wholly owned by Credit Suisse
             Trust Limited, or CS Trustee. CS Trustee acts as trustee of the Ji Family Trust, of which Mr. Qi Ji and his family members
             are the beneficiaries, (ii) 4,895,370 ordinary shares and 852,014 ADSs representing 8,520,140 ordinary shares held by Mr.
             Qi Ji, and (iii) 262,246,520 ordinary shares held by East Leader International Limited, or East Leader, over which Mr. Ji has
             voting power pursuant to a power of attorney dated November 27, 2014. East Leader is wholly owned by Perfect Will Holdings
             Limited, or Perfect Will, a British Virgin Islands company, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust Company (Singapore)
             Pte. Limited, or Trident Trust. Trident Trust acts as trustee of the Tanya Trust with effect from 4th August 2021, of which Ms.
             Tong Tong Zhao and her family members are the beneficiaries.

      (3)    Includes (i) 1,000,000 ordinary shares, and (ii) 262,246,520 ordinary shares held by East Leader, a British Virgin Islands
             company wholly owned by Perfect Will, a British Virgin Islands company, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust.
             Trident Trust acts as trustee of the Tanya Trust with effect from 4th August 2021, of which Ms. Tong Tong Zhao and her family
             members are the beneficiaries. Ms. Zhao is the sole director of East Leader.

      (4)    Includes 9,784,090 ordinary shares held by Mr. John Jiong Wu.

      (5)    Includes ordinary shares and ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of all of the options that are exercisable within 60 days
             after March 31, 2023 held by all of our directors and executive officers as a group.

      (6)    Winner Crown is a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned by Sherman Holdings Limited, a Bahamas company, which
             is in turn wholly owned by CS Trustee. CS Trustee acts as trustee of the Ji Family Trust, of which Mr. Qi Ji, our founder and
             executive chairman, and his family members, are the beneficiaries. Mr. Ji is the sole director of Winner Crown. The address of
             Winner Crown is Vistra Corporate Service Centre, Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands.

      (7)    East Leader is a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned by Perfect Will Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands
             company, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust. Trident Trust acts as trustee of the Tanya Trust with effect from 4th
             August 2021, of which Ms. Tong Tong Zhao and her family members, are the beneficiaries. Ms. Zhao is the sole director of East
             Leader. The address of East Leader is Vistra Corporate Services Centre, Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British
             Virgin Islands.

      (8)    Based on Amendment No. 3 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022 by Invesco Ltd.

      (9)    Includes (i) 72,024,820 ordinary shares that Trip.com purchased from us, (ii) an aggregate of 116,469,640 of our ordinary
             shares that Trip.com purchased from the Chengwei Funds, CDH Courtyard Limited, the IDG Funds, the Northern Light
             Funds and Pinpoint Capital 2006 A Limited, and (iii) 3,200,000 ADSs representing 32,000,000 ordinary shares that Trip.
             com subscribed in our initial public offering. Trip.com is a Cayman Islands company and its address is 968 Jin Zhong Road,
             Shanghai 200335, People’s Republic of China.


      As of March 31, 2023, we had 3,186,929,060 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. To our knowledge,
      we had two record shareholders in the United States. The number of beneficial owners of our ADSs in the
      United States is likely to be much larger than the number of record holders of our ordinary shares in the
      United States.


      None of our existing shareholders has different voting rights from other shareholders since the closing of
      our initial public offering. We are not aware of any arrangement that may, at a subsequent date, result in
      a change of control of our company.




102   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
            MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS



RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
TRANSACTIONS WITH TRIP.COM
We conduct transactions in the ordinary course of our business with Trip.com, an entity in which Mr. Qi
Ji, our founder, is a co-founder and independent director. Trip.com rendered reservation services to us
to facilitate our customers in making reservations at our hotels from Trip.com’s hotel booking system. In
2022, the aggregate commission fees of our leased and owned hotels paid to Trip.com for its reservation
services amounted to RMB55 million (US$8 million). In 2022, the lease expenses of our leased and owned
hotel paid to Trip.com amounted to RMB19 million (US$3 million).


In 2022, we provided technical services to Trip.com and recorded service fees amounted to RMB93
million (US$13 million).


TRANSACTION WITH SHEEN STAR
In April 2014, we set up Sheen Star Group Limited, or Sheen Star, together with Mr. Qi Ji and an
independent third party. We own 19.99% of the equity interest in Sheen Star and Mr. Qi Ji owns 50.01%.
We recognized service fees from Sheen Star in the amount of RMB4 million (US$1 million) in 2022.


TRANSACTION WITH CJIA GROUP
China Cjia Group Limited (the “Cjia Group”) is one of our equity investees. We sold goods and provided IT
and other services to Cjia Group amounted to RMB4 million (US$1 million) in 2022.


In 2022, the lease expenses our lease hotels recognized to Cjia Group amounted to RMB31 million (US$4
million). In 2022, we recognized sublease income from Cjia Group amounted to RMB5 million (US$1
million).


TRANSACTION WITH SHANGHAI LIANQUAN HOTEL MANAGEMENT CO., LTD.
(“LIANQUAN”)
Lianquan is one of our equity investees. In 2022, the sublease income we recognized from Lianquan
amounted to RMB12 million (US$2 million).




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   103
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      IMPLICATIONS OF BEING A FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER
      AND A CHINA-BASED COMPANY
      H World Group Limited is a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. As a holding company,
      it has no material operations of its own and conducts substantially all its operations through its
      subsidiaries. China is one of our major markets and we also have operations in Europe as well as other
      countries.


      Permits and Permission Required from the PRC Authorities for Our
      Operations
      As advised by our PRC counsel, JunHe LLP, as of the date of this annual report, none of our PRC
      subsidiaries or VIEs are required to obtain any further permission or approval from China Securities
      Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”), Cyberspace Administration of China (the “CAC”), or other PRC
      regulatory authorities to approve our contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their respective
      shareholders other than the permissions related to certain businesses operated by the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities, or the renewal of the permission or approval we have already obtained (if applicable).


      JunHe LLP is of the view that:


      (a)    pursuant to the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by
             Domestic Companies (the “Trial Measures”) and its relevant notes and five supporting guidelines
             (each, “Supporting Guideline”), which came into effective on March 31, 2023, PRC-based
             companies that seek to offer and list securities in overseas markets, either through direct or
             indirect means, are required to conduct relevant filings with the CSRC.


             Furthermore, pursuant to the Circular on the Arrangements for the Filing-based Administration of
             Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the “Trial Measures Circular”),
             companies that have already offered or listed securities overseas prior to the implementation of
             the Trial Measures be are considered as “Stock Enterprises”, and these Stock Enterprises are not
             required to apply for filings immediately with CSRC until a re-financing event takes place and then
             a filing for such re-financing is required.


             As our company is considered as a Stock Enterprise, our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs are not
             subject to immediate filing requirements under the Trial Measures. However, in the event of our
             future re-financing in an overseas market (whether on Nasdaq, Hong Kong Stock Exchange or in
             other overseas market), we will be subject to relevant filing requirements of the CSRC; and




104   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


(b)    with respect to the regulatory requirements for cyber security and data protection, according
       to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective in February 2022, a company is
       subject to cybersecurity review if it affects or may affect national security and falls under any of
       the following circumstances: (i) it is a critical information infrastructure operator (“CIIO”), who
       purchases network products and service, or (ii) it is a network platform operator who carries out
       data processing activities. In addition, any network platform operator possessing over one million
       users’ individual information must apply for a cybersecurity review before listing abroad. Relevant
       PRC regulatory authorities may also initiate cybersecurity review if they determine that certain
       network products, services, or data processing activities affect or may affect national security.


       As of the date of this annual report, none of our company, our subsidiaries or the VIEs has
       received any notice from the CAC or other PRC regulatory authorities that identifies any of these
       entities as a CIIO under the Cybersecurity Review Measures, or has been required to go through
       a cybersecurity review by any PRC authorities. Also, none of our company, our subsidiaries or the
       VIEs has received any notice from the CAC or other PRC regulatory authorities that investigate our
       data processing activities or accuses our data processing activities affecting national security.


In November 2021, the CAC promulgated the Draft Administrative Regulations on Cyber Data Security,
or the Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations, for public comment. These draft regulations set forth
different scenarios under which data processors would be required to apply for cybersecurity review,
including, among others, (i) merger, reorganization or division of Internet platform operators with
significant data resources related to national security, economic development or public interests that
affects or may affect national security; (ii) overseas listing of issuers who process over one million users’
personal information; (iii) Hong Kong listing that affects or may affect national security; or (iv) other data
processing activities that affect or may affect national security. In addition, data policies and rules and
any material amendments thereof of large Internet platform operators with over 100 million daily active
users would be evaluated by a third-party organization designated by the CAC and be approved by the
respective local branch of cyberspace and telecommunication at the provincial or above level. However,
there is no definite timetable as to when these draft regulations will be enacted. As such, none of our
company, our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs is required to obtain approval from CAC.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   105
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      On July 7, 2022, the CAC issued the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data Cross-border
      Transfer, or the Security Assessment Measures, which became effective on September 1, 2022. In
      accordance with the Security Assessment Measures, a data processor should apply to the CAC for a
      security assessment under certain circumstances, including, among others, (i) where a data processor
      provides important data abroad; (ii) where a critical information infrastructure operator or a data
      processor processing personal information of over one million people provides personal information
      abroad; (iii) where a data processor has provided personal information of 100,000 people or sensitive
      personal information of 10,000 people in total abroad since January 1 of the previous year; and (iv)
      other circumstances prescribed by the CAC. Moreover, the Security Assessment Measures provide that
      for non-compliant cross-border data transfers that had been carried out before this regulation came
      into effect, rectification must be completed within six months from the effective date of the regulation.
      The said rectification includes, among others, a self-assessment on the risks of cross-border data
      transmission. After the completion of rectification, the data processor should file an application with the
      CAC by submitting materials including, (i) a declaration form; (ii) a self-assessment report on the risks
      of cross-border data transmission; (iii) the legal documents to be concluded by the data processor and
      the overseas recipient; and (iv) other materials necessary for security assessment. Since the Security
      Assessment Measures are relatively new, it remains uncertain whether relevant regulatory authorities
      will implement this regulation in ways that may negatively affect us.


      As of the date of this annual report, we have conducted the self-assessment on the risks of the cross-
      border data transmission pursuant to the regulation and have filed an assessment filing with the CAC
      within six months from the effective date of the regulation. As of the date of this annual report, we have
      received a written confirmation from CAC regarding their receipt of our assessment filing, and we have
      been informed by the CAC that our filings are conformed to required formalities. However, CAC has not
      granted us a final written decision on our assessment filing.


      On February 22, 2023, the CAC issued the Measures for the Standard Contract for Outbound Transfer
      of Personal Information, which will become effective on June 1, 2023. Pursuant to PRC law and such
      regulation, entering into a CAC-formulated Standard Contract with the overseas data recipient is a pre-
      requisite for a data processor to transfer data abroad, if such data processor meets all the following
      conditions: (i) it is not a CIIO; (ii) it processes personal information of fewer than one million individuals;
      (iii) it has cumulatively transferred personal information of fewer than 100,000 individuals abroad since
      January 1 of the previous year; and (iv) it has cumulatively transferred sensitive personal information of
      fewer than 10,000 individuals abroad since January 1 of the previous year. Within ten (10) working days
      after the Standard Contract takes effect, the data processor should file the executed Standard Contract
      with the CAC. Since such regulation was recently released, it remains uncertain whether relevant
      regulatory authorities will implement this regulation in ways that may negatively affect us.




106   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


There remains uncertainty as to how current or future relevant rules published by the CSRC and the
CAC will be interpreted or implemented, and the opinions summarized above are subject to new laws,
rules and regulations and/or detailed implementations and interpretations. In addition, PRC laws
and regulations governing the conditions and the requirements of such approval are uncertain, and
the relevant regulatory authorities have broad discretion in interpreting these laws and regulations.
Accordingly, the PRC regulatory authorities may take a different view than what is described above. PRC
regulatory authorities that regulate our business and other participants in our industry may not agree
that our corporate structure or any of the above contractual arrangements comply with PRC licensing,
registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or with requirements or policies that
may be adopted in the future.


Furthermore, under current PRC laws, regulations and regulatory rules, our PRC subsidiaries or VIEs
may be required to obtain permissions from the CSRC, and may be required to go through cybersecurity
review by the CAC, in connection with any offering and listing in an overseas market. If we fail to obtain
the relevant approval or complete other review or filing procedures for any future offshore offering or
listing, we may face sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities, which could include fines
and penalties on our operations in China, limitations on our operating privileges in China, restrictions on
or prohibition of the payments or remittance of dividends by our subsidiaries in China, restrictions on or
delays to our financing transactions offshore, or other actions that could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects, as well as the
trading price of our ADSs.


The PRC regulators have recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight over offerings that are
conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. For more detailed information,
see “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Recent regulatory developments in China
may subject us to additional regulatory review and disclosure requirements, expose us to government
influence, or otherwise restrict or completely hinder our ability to offer securities and raise capital
outside China, which could adversely affect our business operations and cause the value of our securities
to significantly decline or become worthless.”


Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Doing Business in China
We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the “Exchange Act”), and as such we are exempt from certain provisions of the securities rules and
regulations in the United States that are applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. Moreover, the information
we are required to file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) will be less
extensive and less timely compared to that required to be filed with the SEC by U.S. domestic issuers.
In addition, as a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, we are permitted to adopt certain home
country practices in relation to corporate governance matters that differ significantly from the Nasdaq
corporate governance standards. These practices may afford less protection to shareholders than they
would enjoy if we complied fully with the Nasdaq corporate governance standards.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   107
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      We face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties as China in one of our major markets. We
      are subject to risks arising from the uncertainty in the interpretation and the enforcement of the PRC
      laws and regulations. In addition, rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance
      notice. In recent years, Chinese regulators have announced regulatory actions targeting certain sectors
      of China’s economy, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing
      supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, adopting new measures to extend the scope
      of cybersecurity reviews, adopting new laws and regulations related to data security, and expanding the
      efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. Although the lodging industry does not appear to be the focus
      of these regulatory actions, we cannot guarantee that the Chinese regulators will not in the future take
      regulatory actions that materially adversely affect the business environment and financial markets in
      China as they relate to us, our ability to operate our business, our liquidity and our access to capital.


      Our Holding Company Structure and Operations in China
      Holders of our ADSs do not hold equity interest in our operating subsidiaries, the Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities or the Consolidated Fund, but instead hold equity interest in H World Group Limited, a Cayman
      Islands holding company whose consolidated financial results include those of the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities and the Consolidated Fund under U.S. GAAP. Our securities that are listed on the
      NASDAQ Global Select Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are securities of our Cayman Islands
      holding company, not of our operating subsidiaries or the VIEs.


      H World Group Limited is a Cayman Islands holding company that conducts its business primarily
      through its subsidiaries, a majority of which are based in China and Europe, and for some businesses
      (including internet-based and international travel agency businesses), the direct holding of which is
      restricted by PRC law, through the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Neither H World Group Limited nor
      its subsidiaries directly own any equity interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Instead, H World
      Group Limited relies on contractual arrangements among one of its PRC subsidiaries, the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities’ respective nominee shareholders, which allow
      H World Group Limited, to the extent permitted by PRC law, to:


      (i)     direct the activities of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities that most significantly impact the
              Consolidated Affiliated Entities’ economic performance;


      (ii)    receive substantially all of the economic benefits of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities; and


      (iii)   have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the Consolidated
              Affiliated Entities.


      In addition, we serve as the general partner and the fund manager of the Consolidated Fund, which
      comprises an investment fund and its subsidiary established in the PRC that operate hotel businesses
      and invest in companies in the hotel industry. While we have a minority equity ownership in the
      Consolidated Fund, the Consolidated Fund’s partnership arrangement enables us to direct the activities
      that most significantly affect the economic performance of the entities comprising the Consolidated
      Fund, as well as receive significant economic benefits of these entities.




108   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


As a result of these arrangements, we have control over and are the primary beneficiary of the VIEs
(composed of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and the Consolidated Fund) for accounting purposes
and, therefore, we have consolidated the financial results of the VIEs in our consolidated financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any references to control or benefits that accrue to us
because of the VIEs in this annual report are limited to, and subject to conditions for consolidation of,
the VIEs under U.S. GAAP.


The contractual arrangements underlying our VIE model, including our arrangements with the
Consolidated Affiliated Entities and Consolidated Fund, have not been tested in court. There is no entry
restriction on foreign investment in the business operated by the Consolidated Fund. However, the
Special Administrative Measures for Access of Foreign Investment, or the Negative List (2021 Edition)
(as issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, or the NDRC, and the Ministry of
Commerce, or MOFCOM, and amended from time to time), and other applicable PRC laws and regulations
(including the Regulations on Travel Agencies (Revised in 2020)), prohibit direct foreign investment in
certain international travel agency businesses and restrict direct foreign investment in certain internet-
based businesses. Due to these regulatory restrictions on direct foreign investment, we conduct relevant
operations through contractual arrangements with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, which hold the
licenses, permits and approvals that are necessary for operating relevant restricted businesses in the
PRC.


The financial impacts of these VIEs were immaterial to our historical consolidated financial statements.
The VIEs in aggregate contributed an insignificant portion (less than 1%) of our total revenues and total
net profit (loss) in each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the impact
of the VIEs to our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 were also
immaterial (in aggregate contributing less than 1% of our total assets as of these respective dates). If the
PRC regulatory authorities deem that any of our business operations carried out through the VIEs do not
comply with PRC regulatory restrictions, especially the restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant
industries, or if the relevant regulations or their interpretation change in the future, the PRC regulatory
authorities could disallow this structure, which could result in us being subject to penalties or being
forced to relinquish its interests in the affected operations. Additionally, potential future actions by the
PRC regulatory authorities could affect the legality and enforceability of the contractual arrangements
underlying the VIE model, which, consequently, would affect our ability to consolidate the financial
results of the VIEs. If any of these happens, there would likely be changes in our operations and/or
changes in the value of the securities of the investors. In the worst circumstances, if the contribution
from VIEs becomes significant to our operations and the VIE model does not comply with PRC laws and
regulations, such changes could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become
worthless. For more information, see “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure” below in
this annual report.


For our corporate structure as of the date of this annual report, including our significant subsidiaries and
the VIEs, see “Business Overview – Organizational Structure” below in this annual report.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   109
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      RECENT REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS
      Cyber Security Review and Data Privacy Regulations
      Recently, the PRC regulatory authorities have promulgated, among others, the Personal Information
      Protection Law of the PRC, the Data Security Law of the PRC and the Draft Amendment to Cyber Security
      Law of the PRC for public comments to ensure cybersecurity, data and personal information protection.
      These new laws, as well as other proposed regulations, demonstrate that relevant laws and regulations
      governing these areas are developing along with the enforced and constantly tightening of relevant
      regulatory supervision. The State Council of the PRC promulgated the Regulations on the Protection
      of the Security of Critical Information Infrastructure on July 30, 2021, which took effect on September
      1, 2021. This regulation requires, among other things, that certain competent authorities identify and
      protect critical information infrastructures. In addition, in November 2021, the CAC promulgated the
      Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations for public comments, which set forth different scenarios where
      data processors should apply for cybersecurity review. The CAC and a number of other departments
      under the State Council promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures on December 28, 2021, which
      became effective on February 15, 2022. According to this regulation, critical information infrastructure
      operators purchasing network products and services and network platform operators carrying out data
      processing activities, which affect or may affect national security, are required to conduct cybersecurity
      review. On July 7, 2022, the CAC issued the Security Assessment Measures, which became effective
      on September 1, 2022 and require a data processor to apply to the CAC for a security assessment
      under certain circumstances. On February 22, 2023, the CAC issued the Measures for the Standard
      Contract for Outbound Transfer of Personal Information, which requires a data processor to enter into
      Standard Contracts under certain circumstances. See “－Permits and Permission Required from the PRC
      Authorities for Our Operations” above in this annual report for more information.


      On September 1, 2021, the Data Security Law of the PRC became effective, which imposes data security
      and privacy obligations on entities and individuals conducting data-related activities, and introduces
      a data classification and hierarchical protection system. In addition, the Standing Committee of the
      National People’s Congress promulgated the Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC (the
      “PIPL”) on August 20, 2021, and this law took effect on November 1, 2021. The PIPL further emphasizes
      processors’ obligations and responsibilities for personal information protection and sets out the
      basic rules for processing personal information and the rules for cross-border provision of personal
      information. Furthermore, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the
      Draft Amendment to Cyber Security Law (the “CSL”) for public comments on September 12, 2022. The
      proposed amendments of CSL imposed more severe and comprehensive fines and other penalties for
      offences under CSL, among others, the director, supervisor, or senior executive of a company that is
      in violation of the CSL would be prohibited from continuing to serve as a director, supervisor, or senior
      executive of that company. Under the Draft Cyber Data Security Regulations for public comments,
      critical data processors or foreign-listed data processors are required to carry out annual data security
      evaluations and submit evaluation reports to the municipal cyberspace administration authority. We
      have implemented comprehensive cybersecurity and data protection policies, procedures and measures
      to safeguard personal information and ensure secured storage and transmission of data and prevent
      unauthorized access or use of data. However, we cannot guarantee that the regulators will agree with us
      or will not in the future adopt new laws and regulations that restrict our business operations.




110   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


There are uncertainties as to the interpretation and application of these cybersecurity and data
privacy laws, regulations and standards, and they may be interpreted and applied in a manner that
is inconsistent with our current policies and practices or require changes to the features of our data
systems. If the CAC or other regulatory agencies later deem us to be a CIIO and require that we obtain
their approvals for our future offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain such approvals in a timely
manner, or at all, and such approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance
could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer securities to investors and
cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. In addition, implementation
of industry-wide regulations affecting our business operations could limit our ability to attract new
customers and/or users and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline. Therefore, investors
of our company and our business face potential uncertainties from actions taken by the PRC regulatory
authorities affecting our business.


Potential CSRC Filings on Overseas Listing
On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the Trial Measures and relevant notes and Supporting
Guidelines, which came into effective on March 31, 2023.


The Trial Measures seek to regulate all types of overseas offerings and listings by PRC based companies,
including: (a) direct overseas listings, i.e. overseas listings by joint-stock companies which are
established in PRC (such as H shares, N shares, GDRs); and (b) indirect overseas listings, i.e. overseas
listings by PRC based companies in the names of an overseas entity (such as red-chip listings), if such
issuers meets both of the following conditions: (i) more than 50% of its audited financial indicators (either
operating revenue, profits, total assets or net assets) for the most recent accounting year is accounted
for by its PRC-based companies, and (ii) major business activities or operations are conducted within the
territory of PRC; main places of business are located within the territory of the PRC; or the majority of
senior management staff domicile in the PRC or are Chinese citizens.


The Trial Measures does not only govern initial public offerings (the “IPOs”), but also governs spin-off
listings, single or multiple acquisitions of domestic assets, share swaps or transfer of shares, reverse
takeovers, SPAC listings, subsequent issuances of securities, secondary listings or dual listing, etc. In
addition to offering and listing of shares, offering and listing of depository receipts, corporate bonds
convertible to shares, and other equity securities by PRC-based companies shall also be subject to the
filing requirements under the Trial Measures.


The Trial Measures and Supporting Guidelines require PRC-based companies that seek overseas
offerings and listings to fulfill the filing procedures with and report relevant information to the CSRC,
specifically: (a) for an IPO, the filing with CSRC shall be conducted within three (3) working days
following the submission of the application; (b) for a subsequent issuance of securities, the filing shall
be conducted within three (3) working days following the completion of the offering; (c) for the listings in
other stock markets (e.g. secondary listings or dual listings), the same filing timeline applied to an IPO
shall apply; (d) for the listing of assets via multiple acquisitions, share swaps, transfers of shares (e.g.
reverse takeover), the same filing timeline applied to an IPO shall apply; (e) for the unlisted shares of
PRC Companies applying for conversion to listed shares trading on overseas market, the filings shall be
conducted pursuant to the other regulations.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   111
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      Furthermore, an overseas offering and listing would be prohibited under the following circumstances: (a)
      it is explicitly prohibited under applicable laws and administrative regulations; (b) there exists national
      security concerns as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council; (c) a
      crime has been committed by the issuer’s PRC-based company, its controlling shareholder(s) or actual
      shareholder(s) in the last three (3) years (e.g. corruption, bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of
      property or undermining the market economy orders); (d) the issuer’s PRC-based company is under
      investigations for criminal acts or major violations of applicable laws and regulations, and no conclusion
      of the investigation has yet been made; and (e) there exists material ownership disputes over equity
      interests held by controlling shareholders (or by shareholders who are controlled by the controlling
      shareholder or actual controllers). If there exists any of the aforementioned circumstances, the overseas
      offerings and listings shall be postponed or even terminated.


      Specifically, if an issuer adopts a VIE structure for the purpose of overseas offering and listing, it shall
      disclose relevant contractual arrangements to the CSRC through fillings. The Supporting Guidance
      also provides that PRC counsel needs to verify the following issues, including (i) the participation of
      foreign investors in the issuer management operation, for example, the appointment of directors; (ii)
      whether there exist situations where PRC laws and administrative regulations expressly prohibit the
      use of contractual arrangements to retain business licenses and qualifications, etc.; (iii) whether there
      exist situations where the PRC operating entity of the issuer falls under the scope of foreign investment
      security review, or within the restricted or prohibited sectors of foreign investment.


      Despite the foregoing, pursuant to the Trial Measures Circular, companies that have already offered
      shares or been listed overseas prior to the implementation of the Trial Measures will be considered
      as “Stock Enterprises”. Stock Enterprises are not required to apply for filings until a subsequent re-
      financing event occurs.


      As our company is considered as a Stock Enterprise, our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs are not subject to
      the immediate filing requirements under the Trial Measures. However, in the events of any re-financing
      in the future, such as subsequent share issuance, our company will be subject to the relevant filing
      requirements pursuant to the Trial Measures.


      As of the date of this annual report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, sanctions or
      regulatory objection from the CSRC or the CAC. Because these regulatory actions are relatively new,
      it is uncertain how soon legislative or regulatory bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or
      regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, or
      the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation,
      our ability to accept foreign investments and listing on a U.S. or other overseas exchanges. PRC laws
      and their interpretations and enforcement continue to develop and are subject to change, and the PRC
      regulators may adopt other rules and restrictions in the future. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to
      Doing Business in China” below for more details.




112   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



THE HOLDING FOREIGN COMPANIES ACCOUNTABLE ACT
Our financial statements contained in this annual report have been audited by Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that is
headquartered in Shanghai, China with offices in other cities in China. It is a firm registered with the U.S.
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, and is required by the laws of the U.S. to undergo
regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the U.S. and professional
standards. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law which became effective in March 2020, the
securities regulatory authority of the State Council may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism
with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region, to implement cross-border
supervision and administration, or the Regulatory Cooperation Mechanism; no overseas securities
regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory
of the PRC. Accordingly, without a Regulatory Cooperation Mechanism or the consent of the competent
PRC securities regulators and relevant authorities, no organization or individual may provide the
documents and materials relating to securities business activities to overseas parties.


The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, was enacted on December 18, 2020.
The HFCA Act states if the SEC determines that a company has filed audit reports issued by a registered
public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive
years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit such securities from being traded on a national
securities exchange or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. The SEC has adopted rules to
implement the HFCA Act and, pursuant to the HFCA Act, the PCAOB issued a report notifying the SEC
of its determinations on December 16, 2021 that it was unable to inspect or investigation completely
accounting firms headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong, including our auditor Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP. We were also conclusively identified as a “Commission-
Identified Issuer” under the HFCA Act on May 26, 2022 in respect of our Annual Report for 2021 on Form
20-F filed on April 27, 2022. Further, on December 29, 2022, the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act, or the AHFCA Act, was signed into law by the U.S. president as part of the fiscal year
2023 omnibus spending legislation, which reduced the number of consecutive non-inspection years
required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to two. As a result, the risk
has been heightened.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   113
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of
      Finance of the PRC, taking a first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate
      registered public accounting firms headquartered in Mainland China and Hong Kong. On December 15,
      2022, the PCAOB announced its determination that it has been able to inspect and investigate audit firms
      in mainland China and Hong Kong completely for purposes of the HFCA Act, and the PCAOB vacated its
      December 16, 2021 determinations. Based on this announcement, we do not expect to be a Commission-
      Identified Issuer in respect of this annual report for 2022 on Form 20-F. However, the PCAOB stated
      that should PRC authorities obstruct the PCAOB’s ability to inspect or investigate completely in any
      way and at any point in the future, the PCAOB Board will act immediately to consider the need to issue
      new determinations consistent with the HFCA Act. While we currently do not expect the HFCA Act or the
      AHFCA Act to prevent us from maintaining the trading of our ADSs in the U.S., uncertainties exist with
      respect to future determinations of the PCAOB in this respect and any further legislative or regulatory
      actions to be taken by the U.S. or Chinese regulatory authorities that could affect our listing status in the
      U.S.

      The delisting of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the
      value of your investment. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – If the PCAOB
      is unable to inspect our auditors as required under the HFCA Act, the SEC will prohibit the trading of our
      ADSs, which may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment” in this annual report for
      more details.


      DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY
      SECURITIES
      AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES
      Fees and Expenses
      ADS holders will be required to pay the following fees under the terms of the deposit agreement:

      Service                                                Fees
      Issuance of ADSs                                       Up to US$0.05 per ADS issued

      Cancelation of ADSs                                    Up to US$0.05 per ADS canceled

      Distribution of cash dividends or other cash           Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
        distributions (e.g., sale of rights and other
        entitlements)

      Distribution of ADSs pursuant to stock dividends,      Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
        other free stock distributions or exercise of
        rights to purchase additional ADSs

      Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights   Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
        to purchase additional ADSs

      Depositary services                                    Up to US$0.05 per ADS held on the applicable
                                                               record date(s) established by the depositary




114   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


As an ADS holder, you will also be responsible to pay certain charges such as:


•      fees for the transfer and registration of ordinary shares charged by the registrar and transfer
       agent for the ordinary shares in the Cayman Islands (i.e., upon deposit and withdrawal of ordinary
       shares);


•      expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into U.S. dollars;


•      expenses for cable, telex and fax transmissions and for delivery of securities;


•      taxes (including applicable interest and penalties) and other governmental charges;


•      fees and expenses incurred by the depositary in connection with compliance with exchange
       control regulations and other applicable regulatory requirements; and


•      fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery or servicing of ordinary shares on
       deposit.


Depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to the depositary
by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs from the depositary and by the
brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the depositary for cancellation. The brokers in
turn charge these fees to their clients. Depositary fees payable in connection with distributions of cash
or securities to ADS holders and the depositary services fee are charged by the depositary to the holders
of record of ADSs as of the applicable ADS record date.


The depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being
distributed. In the case of distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividend, rights), the depositary charge
the applicable fee to the ADS record date holders concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs
registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated or uncertificated in direct registration), the
depositary send invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders. In the case of ADSs held in brokerage
and custodian accounts (via The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”)), the depositary generally collects its
fees through the systems provided by DTC (whose nominee is the registered holder of the ADSs held in
DTC) from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts. The brokers and custodians
who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in turn charge their clients’ accounts the amount of the fees
paid to the depositary.


In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary may, under the terms of the deposit
agreement, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the amount of the
depositary fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder.


Note that the fees and charges you may be required to pay may vary over time and may be changed by us
and by the depositary. You will receive prior notice of such changes.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   115
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary to Us
      The depositary may reimburse us for certain expenses incurred by us in respect of the ADR program
      established pursuant to the deposit agreement, by making available a portion of the depositary fees
      charged in respect of the ADR program or otherwise, upon such terms and conditions as we and the
      depositary may agree from time to time. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have received a total
      of RMB35 million (US$5 million) from the depositary as reimbursement for our expenses incurred in
      connection with investor relationship programs related to the ADS program.


      DEALINGS AND SETTLEMENT OF ORDINARY SHARES IN HONG KONG
      Our ordinary shares trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in board lots of 100 shares. Dealings in our
      ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are conducted in Hong Kong dollars.


      The transaction costs of dealings in our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange include:


      •      Hong Kong Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.00565% of the consideration of the transaction,
             charged to each of the buyer and seller;


      •      the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, or the SFC, transaction levy of 0.0027% of
             the consideration of the transaction, charged to each of the buyer and seller;


      •      Accounting and Financial Reporting Council of Hong Kong, or the AFRC, transaction levy of
             0.00015% of the consideration of the transaction, charged to each of the buyer and seller;


      •      transfer deed stamp duty of HK$5.00 per transfer deed (if applicable), payable by the seller;


      •      ad valorem stamp duty at a total rate of 0.26% of the value of the transaction, with 0.13% payable
             by each of the buyer and the seller;


      •      stock settlement fee, which is currently 0.002% of the gross transaction value, subject to a
             minimum fee of HK$2.00 and a maximum fee of HK$100.00 per side per trade;


      •      brokerage commission, which is freely negotiable with the broker (other than brokerage
             commissions for certain public offering transactions, which are currently set at 1% of the
             subscription or purchase price and will be payable by the person subscribing for or purchasing the
             securities); and


      •      the Hong Kong share registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to HK$20.00, depending on the speed
             of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong Kong Listing
             Rules), for each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered owner to another, each share
             certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the share transfer forms
             used in Hong Kong.




116   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


Investors must settle their trades executed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through their brokers
directly or through custodians. For an investor who has deposited his or her ordinary shares in his
or her stock account or in his or her designated Central Clearing and Settlement System, or CCASS,
participant’s stock account maintained with CCASS, settlement will be effected in CCASS in accordance
with the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from time to time. For an
investor who holds the physical certificates, settlement certificates and the duly executed transfer forms
must be delivered to his or her broker or custodian before the settlement date.


CONVERSION BETWEEN ORDINARY SHARES TRADING IN HONG KONG AND ADSS
In connection with the initial public offering of our shares in Hong Kong, we established a branch register
of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share register, which is maintained by our Hong Kong share
registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited. Our principal register of members, or
the Cayman share register, will continue to be maintained by our principal share registrar, Conyers Trust
Company (Cayman) Limited.


As described in further detail below, holders of ordinary shares registered on the Hong Kong share
register will be able to convert these ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa.


CONVERTING ORDINARY SHARES TRADING IN HONG KONG INTO ADSS
An investor who holds ordinary shares registered in Hong Kong and who intends to convert them to
ADSs to trade on NASDAQ must deposit or have his or her broker deposit the ordinary shares with the
depositary’s Hong Kong custodian, Citibank, N.A., Hong Kong, or the custodian, in exchange for ADSs.


A deposit of ordinary shares trading in Hong Kong in exchange for ADSs involves the following
procedures:


•     If ordinary shares have been deposited with CCASS, the investor must transfer ordinary shares to
      the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS by following the CCASS procedures for
      transfer and submit and deliver a duly completed and signed conversion form to the depositary via
      his or her broker.


•     If ordinary shares are held outside CCASS, the investor must arrange to deposit, his or her shares
      into CCASS for delivery to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS, submit and
      deliver a request for conversion form to the custodian and after duly completing and signing such
      conversion form, deliver such conversion form to the custodian.


•     Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock
      transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, the depositary will issue the corresponding number of ADSs in
      the name(s) requested by an investor and will deliver the ADSs to the designated DTC account of
      the person(s) designated.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   117
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      For ordinary shares deposited in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally require
      two business days. For ordinary shares held outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps may take
      14 business days, or more, to complete. Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of
      the depositary may from time to time be closed to ADS issuances. The investor will be unable to trade the
      ADSs until the procedures are completed.


      CONVERTING ADSS TO ORDINARY SHARES TRADING IN HONG KONG
      An investor who holds ADSs and who intends to convert his/her ADSs into ordinary shares to trade on the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange must cancel the ADSs the investor holds and withdraw ordinary shares from
      our ADS program and cause his or her broker or other financial institution to trade such ordinary shares
      on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


      An investor that holds ADSs indirectly through a broker should follow the broker’s procedure and instruct
      the broker to arrange for cancelation of the ADSs, and transfer of the underlying ordinary shares from
      the depositary’s account with the custodian within the CCASS system to the investor’s Hong Kong stock
      account.


      For investors holding ADSs directly, the following steps must be taken:


      •      To withdraw ordinary shares from our ADS program, an investor who holds ADSs may turn in such
             ADSs at the office of the depositary (and the applicable ADR(s) if the ADSs are held in certificated
             form), and send an instruction to cancel such ADSs to the depositary.


      •      Upon payment or net of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes
             or stock transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, the depositary will cancel the ADSs and instruct
             the custodian to deliver ordinary shares underlying the canceled ADSs to the CCASS account
             designated by an investor.


      •      If an investor prefers to receive ordinary shares outside CCASS, he or she must receive ordinary
             shares in CCASS first and then arrange for withdrawal from CCASS. Investors can then obtain a
             transfer form signed by HKSCC Nominees Limited (as the transferor) and register ordinary shares
             in their own names with the Hong Kong share registrar.


      For ordinary shares to be received in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally
      require two business days. For ordinary shares to be received outside CCASS in physical form, the above
      steps may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. The investor will be unable to trade the ordinary
      shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the procedures are completed.


      Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from time to time
      be closed to ADS cancellations. In addition, completion of the above steps and procedures is subject
      to there being a sufficient number of ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate a
      withdrawal from the ADS program directly into the CCASS system. We are not under any obligation to
      maintain or increase the number of ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate such
      withdrawals.




118   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



DEPOSITARY REQUIREMENTS
Before the depositary issues ADSs or permits withdrawal of ordinary shares, the depositary may require:


•      production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other
       information it deems necessary; and


•      compliance with procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the deposit
       agreement, including but not limited to presentation of transfer documents.


The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register issuances, transfers and cancelations of ADSs
generally when the transfer books of the depositary or our Hong Kong share registrar are closed or at any
time if the depositary or we determine it advisable to do so.


All costs attributable to the transfer of ordinary shares to effect a withdrawal from or deposit of ordinary
shares into our ADS program will be borne by the investor requesting the transfer. In particular, holders
of ordinary shares and ADSs should note that the Hong Kong share registrar will charge between
HK$2.50 to HK$20, depending on the speed of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be
permitted under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered
owner to another, each share certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the
share transfer forms used in Hong Kong. In addition, holders of ordinary shares and ADSs must pay up
to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs for each issuance of ADSs and each cancelation of ADSs, as the case may be,
in connection with the deposit of ordinary shares into, or withdrawal of ordinary shares from, our ADS
program.


DIVIDEND POLICY
On January 3, 2020, we declared a cash dividend of US$0.34 per ordinary share, or US$0.34 per ADS.
Cash dividends are paid in U.S. dollars, and the total amount of cash distributed for the dividend was
approximately US$100 million, which was paid in full by February 5, 2020. The cash dividend per ordinary
share presented in this paragraph did not retroactively reflect the Share Subdivision.


On March 3, 2022, we declared a cash dividend of US$0.021 per ordinary share, or US$0.21 per ADS.
Cash dividends are paid in U.S. dollars, and the total amount of cash distributed for the dividend was
approximately US$68 million, which was paid in full in April 2022.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   119
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      We are a holding company with no material operations of our own. We conduct our operations primarily
      through our subsidiaries in China, as well as our subsidiaries in Europe and other jurisdictions. As a
      result, our ability to pay dividends and to finance any debt we may incur depends upon dividends paid
      to us by our subsidiaries. If our subsidiaries or any newly formed subsidiaries incur debt on their own
      behalf in the future, the instruments governing their debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us.
      In addition, our PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their retained earnings,
      if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Pursuant to laws
      applicable to entities incorporated in the PRC, our subsidiaries in the PRC must make appropriations
      from after-tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds.


      In particular, subject to certain cumulative limits, the statutory reserve fund requires an annual
      appropriation of 10% of after-tax profit (as determined under accounting principles generally accepted
      in the PRC at each year-end) until the accumulative amount of such reserve fund reaches 50% of a PRC
      subsidiary’s registered capital. These reserve funds can only be used for such specific purposes as
      provided in PRC laws, and are not distributable as cash dividends. We may make a moderate dividend
      distribution every year with the range of 0.5% to 2.0% of our market capitalization from current year
      net income. If we pay any dividends, we will pay our ADS holders to the same extent as holders of our
      ordinary shares, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, including the fees and expenses payable
      thereunder. We are restricted from distributing cash dividends until June 30, 2021 pursuant to the
      waiver from certain financial covenants that we obtained on April 17, 2020 for our syndicated bank loans.
      In March 2022, we announced that our board of directors declared a cash dividend of approximately
      US$68millon. To facilitate this dividend distribution and meet the oversea treasury demand, certain
      amount of dividends from our PRC subsidiaries to our oversea subsidiaries was planned.




120   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


The distributable profit is calculated based on the respective subsidiary’s annual unconsolidated
financial statements prepared in accordance with the German accounting principles, namely, the general
accounting principles stated in the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch ). Distributions of
dividends on shares of stock corporations (Aktiengesellschaften ) for a given financial year are generally
determined by a process in which the management board (Vorstand ) and supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat )
submit a proposal to the annual general shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ) held in the
subsequent financial year and such annual general shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ) adopts
a resolution. German law provides that a resolution concerning dividends and distribution thereof may
be adopted only on the basis of a balance sheet profit (Bilanzgewinn) shown in the company’s adopted
annual single entity financial statements (festgestellter Jahresabschluss). If the management board
and supervisory board adopt the financial statements, they can (but are not obliged to) allocate an
amount of up to half of the company’s net income for the year to other surplus reserves. Additions to
the legal reserves and loss carryforwards must be deducted in advance when calculating the amount of
net income for the year to be allocated to other surplus reserves. Dividends on shares resolved by the
general shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ) are paid annually, generally three days after the
annual shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ). The German subsidiaries are mainly integrated into
Steigenberger Hotels AG through control and profit and loss transfer agreements (Beherrschungs – und
Gewinnabführungsverträge ) in such a way that its annual profits or losses are automatically transferred
to Steigenberger Hotels AG and integrated into its financial statements. Steigenberger Hotels AG is
prohibited from conducting dividend distribution during the 60-month term of a credit facility with KFW it
obtained in July 2020.


Steigenberger Hotels AG has changed its legal form on 8 November 2022 into a limited liability company
(Steigenberger Hotels GmbH). Consequently the distribution of profits follows the law on limited
liability companies (Gesetz betreffend die Gesellschaften mit beschränkter Haftung). The distributable
profit is calculated based on the respective subsidiary’s annual unconsolidated single entity financial
statements prepared in accordance with the German accounting principles, namely, the general
accounting principles stated in the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch). Distributions
of dividends on shares of limited liability companies (GmbH) for a given financial year are generally
determined by a process in which the management board (Geschäftsführung) presents the single entity
financial statements to the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) for review. The supervisory board submits
a proposal regarding the distribution of a possible profit to the annual general shareholders’ meeting
(Gesellschafterversammlung) held in the subsequent financial year. Such annual general shareholders’
meeting passes a resolution regarding the confirmation of the single entity financial statements and
passes another resolution on the distribution of profits.


Pursuant to the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, dividends are only payable out of profits. Typically, the
directors will recommend a particular rate of dividend and the company in general meeting will declare
the dividend subject to the maximum recommended by the directors.


Subject to certain contractual restrictions, our board of directors has complete discretion in deciding
whether to distribute dividends and the dividend amounts within the approved range.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   121
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND
      AFFILIATED PURCHASERS
      We announced a share repurchase program approved by our board of directors on August 21, 2019.
      Under the terms of the approved program, we may repurchase up to US$750 million worth of our issued
      and outstanding ADSs in open market at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated transaction,
      depending on market conditions and other factors, as well as in accordance with restrictions relating
      to volume, price and timing. This share repurchase plan will be effective for five years. Our board of
      directors review the share repurchase program periodically, and may authorize adjustment of its
      terms and size accordingly. The share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any
      time. We did not repurchase any ADSs under this program in 2020. We repurchased 640 and 1,779,470
      ADSs in 2021 and 2022, respectively. The following table sets forth information about our purchases of
      outstanding ADSs in 2022.


                                                                                                (d) Approximate
                                                                                                    Dollar Value
                                                                         (c) Total Number          of ADSs that
                                                                                   of ADSs           May Yet be
                                                                             Purchased as     Purchased Under
                                        (a) Total        (b) Average       Part of Publicly         the Plans or
                                     Number of         Price Paid per    Announced Plans              Programs
      Period                   ADSs Purchased            ADSs (US$)           or Programs        (in US$ million)

      January 2022                               –                  –                     –                    750
      February 2022                              –                  –                     –                    750
      March 2022                      1,027,084                29.19             1,027,724                     720
      April 2022                        684,917                29.18             1,712,641                     700
      May 2022                           67,469                24.94             1,780,110                     698
      June 2022                                  –                  –            1,780,110                     698
      July 2022                                  –                  –            1,780,110                     698
      August 2022                                –                  –            1,780,110                     698
      September 2022                             –                  –            1,780,110                     698
      October 2022                               –                  –            1,780,110                     698
      November 2022                              –                  –            1,780,110                     698
      December 2022                              –                  –            1,780,110                     698




122   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



TAXATION
The following summary of the material Cayman Islands, Hong Kong, People’s Republic of China, Germany
and United States federal income tax consequences of an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares is
based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this annual report, all of
which are subject to change. This summary does not deal with all possible tax consequences relating to
an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares, such as the tax consequences under state, local and other
tax laws.


CAYMAN ISLANDS TAXATION
The Cayman Islands currently levy no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income,
gains or appreciations and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty. There
are no other taxes likely to be material to us or holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares levied by the
government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments
executed in, or after execution brought within the jurisdiction of, the Cayman Islands. The Cayman
Islands are a party to a double tax treaty entered into with the United Kingdom in 2010 but otherwise are
not a party to any double tax treaties. There are no exchange control regulations or currency restrictions
in the Cayman Islands.


Under existing Cayman Islands laws, payments of dividends and capital in respect of our ADSs and
ordinary shares will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required
on the payment of a dividend or capital to any holder of our ADSs or ordinary shares, as the case may
be, nor will gains derived from the disposal of our ADSs or ordinary shares be subject to Cayman Islands
income or corporation tax.


HONG KONG TAXATION
Taxation on us
Hong Kong profits tax is chargeable on every person carrying on a trade, profession or business in Hong
Kong in respect of profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from such trade, profession or business
(excluding profits arising from the sale of capital assets).


Our Hong Kong subsidiaries are subject to Hong Kong profits tax at a maximum rate of 16.5% of their
respective estimated assessable profits determined under relevant Hong Kong tax regulations. No Hong
Kong profits tax has been provided as our Hong Kong subsidiaries have no estimated assessable profits
during the years presented.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   123
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      Taxation on our shareholders
      Gains arising from the sale of ADSs, where the purchases and sales of ADSs are effected outside of Hong
      Kong, should not be subject to Hong Kong profits tax.


      According to the current tax practice of the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department, dividends paid by us
      on ADSs would not be subject to any Hong Kong tax, even if received by investors in Hong Kong.


      To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or
      conversion of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong and that have
      maintained all or a portion of their shares, including shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong share
      registers. However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs
      of these dual-listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong-registered
      ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty.


      In connection with the initial public offering of our ordinary shares in Hong Kong, we established a branch
      register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share register. Dealings in our ordinary shares
      registered on our Hong Kong share register will be subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. The stamp duty
      is charged to each of the seller and purchaser at the ad valorem rate of 0.13% of the consideration for,
      or (if greater) the value of, our ordinary shares transferred. In other words, a total of 0.26% is currently
      payable on a typical sale and purchase transaction of our ordinary shares. In addition, a fixed duty of
      HK$5.00 is charged on each instrument of transfer (if required).


      To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between NASDAQ and the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange, we also moved a portion of our issued ordinary shares from our register of members
      maintained in the Cayman Islands to our Hong Kong share register. It is unclear whether, as a matter of
      Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong
      Kong-registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult
      their own tax advisors on this matter.


      PRC TAXATION
      PRC TAXATION ON US
      •      Enterprise Income Tax
             On March 16, 2007, the National People’s Congress, the Chinese legislature, passed the Enterprise
             Income Tax Law of the PRC, which was amended in February 2017 and December 2018, and on
             December 6, 2007, the PRC State Council issued the Implementation Regulations of the Enterprise
             Income Tax Law of the PRC , which was amended in April 2019, both of which became effective on
             January 1, 2008. The Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC and its Implementation Regulations,
             or the EIT Law, applies a uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate to PRC resident enterprises,
             including both foreign-invested enterprises and domestic enterprises. The EIT Law restructures
             China’s tax preference policy under the general principle that industries and projects that are
             encouraged and supported by the State may enjoy tax preferential treatment. For example,
             enterprises classified as “high and new technology enterprises strongly supported by the State”
             are entitled to a 15% enterprise income tax rate. Enterprises classified as “small and micro
             businesses” enjoy a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 20%.


124   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


The EIT Law provides that enterprises established outside of China whose “de facto management
bodies” are located in China are considered “resident enterprises.” The “de facto management
body” is defined as the organizational body that effectively exercises overall management of
and full and substantial control over production and business operations, personnel, finance
and accounting, and properties of the enterprise. The State Taxation Administration, or the STA
(previously known as State Administration of Taxation, or the SAT), issued on April 22, 2009 the
Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated Enterprises
as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis of De Facto Management Bodies , or Circular 82,
implemented from January 1, 2008. Circular 82 provides certain specific criteria for determining
whether the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise
is located in China, which include: (a) the primary location where senior management members
responsible for an enterprise’s daily production and operations management and the senior
management departments discharge their duties; (b) the location where financial and human
resource decisions are made or approved by organizations or persons; (c) the location where
the major assets and corporate documents are kept; and (d) the location where more than half
(inclusive) of all directors with voting rights or senior management have their habitual residence.
In addition, the STA issued Public Announcement [2011] No. 45 in 2011 and Public Announcement
[2014] No.9 in 2014, providing more guidance on the implementation of Circular 82 and clarifying
matters including resident status determination, post-determination administration and
competent tax authorities. The above-mentioned tax circulars apply only to offshore enterprises
controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups and are not applicable to our case. But
the determining criteria set forth in such tax circulars may reflect the STA’s general position on
how the “de facto management body” test should be applied in determining the tax resident status
of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC
enterprise groups or by PRC or foreign individuals. Currently, there are no further detailed rules
or precedents applicable to us regarding the procedures and specific criteria for determining “de
facto management body” for a company invested in or controlled by PRC individuals. As such, it
is still unclear if the PRC tax authorities would determine that, notwithstanding our status as the
Cayman Islands holding company of our operating business in China, we should be classified as a
PRC “resident enterprise”.


The EIT Law imposes an enterprise income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a foreign-
invested enterprise to its immediate holding company outside of China, if such immediate holding
company is considered a “non-resident enterprise” without any establishment or place of business
within China or if the received dividends have no actual connection with the establishment or place
of business of such immediate holding company within China, unless such immediate holding
company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for a preferential
withholding tax rate. A holding company which is a tax resident in Hong Kong, for example, would
be subject to a 5% withholding tax rate on the dividends received from its PRC subsidiary if the
holding company owns at least 25% equity in the PRC subsidiary and is the beneficial owner of the
dividends.




                                                              H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   125
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


             The EIT Law provides that PRC resident enterprises are generally subject to a uniform 25%
             enterprise income tax rate on their worldwide income. Therefore, if we are treated as a PRC
             “resident enterprise”, we will be subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide income at the 25%
             uniform tax rate, which could have an impact on our effective tax rate and an adverse effect on
             our net income and results of operations. Although the EIT Law provides that dividend payments
             between qualified PRC resident enterprises are exempted from enterprise income tax, it remains
             unclear as to the detailed qualification requirements for this exemption and whether dividend
             payments by our PRC subsidiaries to us would meet such qualification requirements if we were
             considered a PRC resident enterprise for this purpose. If we are required under the EIT Law to pay
             income tax on any dividends we receive from our PRC subsidiaries, our income tax expenses will
             increase and the amount of dividends, if any, we may pay to our shareholders and ADS holders
             may be materially and adversely affected.

      •      Value-added Tax
             On March 23, 2016, the Ministry of Finance of China (the “MOF”), and the STA jointly issued the
             Circular on the Nationwide Implementation of Pilot Program for the Collection of Value Added-
             Tax Instead of Business Tax , or Circular 36, which became effective on May 1, 2016. Pursuant to
             Circular 36, most of our PRC subsidiaries’ business are subject to value-added tax, or VAT, at a
             rate of 6% as general VAT taxpayers, and they would be permitted to offset input VAT by providing
             valid VAT special invoices received from vendors against their VAT liability.

             On March 20, 2019, the MOF, the STA and the General Administration of Customs of China
             jointly issued the Public Announcement on Strengthening the VAT Reform Policies , or Public
             Announcement [2019] No. 39, pursuant to which, during the period from April 1, 2019 to December
             31, 2021, a general VAT taxpayer engaging in the provision of living services, postal services,
             telecommunications services or modern services with sales revenue from the provision of such
             services accounting for more than 50% of its total sales revenue is allowed to deduct extra
             10% of the deductible input VAT for the current period from the VAT payable. Such rate of extra
             deduction of input VAT was increased to 15% during the period from October 1, 2019 to December
             31, 2021 for general VAT taxpayers engaging in provision of living services with sales revenue
             from the provision of living services accounting for more than 50% of its total sales revenue
             pursuant to the Public Announcement on Clarifying the VAT Super Deduction Policy for the Living
             Service Sector , or Public Announcement [2019] No. 87, jointly issued by the MOF and the STA
             on September 30, 2019. Our PRC subsidiaries that provide living services and meet the required
             criteria stipulated in Public Announcement [2019] No. 39 and Public Announcement [2019] No.
             87 would be permitted to enjoy such extra deduction of input VAT at a rate of 10% during period
             from April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019, and at a rate of 15% during period from October 1, 2019
             to December 31, 2021, and PRC subsidiaries that do not provide living services but provide postal
             services, telecommunications services or modern services and meet the required sales revenue
             criteria stipulated in Public Announcement [2019] No. 39 would be permitted to enjoy such extra
             deduction of input VAT at a rate of 10% during period from April 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021.
             The above-mentioned super VAT deduction policy was extended to December 31, 2022 pursuant
             to Public Announcement [2022] No. 11 jointly issued by the MOF and the STA on March 3, 2022.
             On January 9, 2023, the MOF and the STA jointly issued the Public Announcement on Clarifying
             the VAT Relief and Other Policies for Small-scale VAT Taxpayers, or Public Announcement [2023]
             No. 1, to renew the relevant super VAT deduction policy, pursuant to which, during the period from
             January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, a general VAT taxpayer engaging in the provision of living
             services, postal services, telecommunications services or modern services with sales revenue from
             the provision of such services accounting for more than 50% of its total sales revenue is allowed
             to deduct extra 5% of the deductible input VAT for the current period from the VAT payable, and a
             general VAT taxpayer engaging in provision of living services with sales revenue from the provision
             of living services accounting for more than 50% of its total sales revenue is allowed to deduct
             extra 10% of the deductible input VAT for the current period from the VAT payable.




126   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      On February 6, 2020, the MOF and the STA jointly issued the Public Announcement on Tax Policies
      to Support Prevention and Control of Pneumonia Caused by COVID-19 , or Public Announcement
      [2020] No.8, which retroactively came into force on January 1, 2020, providing that revenue
      derived by VAT taxpayers from provision of living services shall be temporarily exempted from
      VAT from January 1, 2020. Such temporary VAT exemption policy was extended to March 31, 2021
      pursuant to Public Announcement [2021] No. 7 jointly issued by the MOF and the STA on March
      17, 2021, and was no longer applicable upon expiry. Pursuant to Circular 36, VAT taxpayers that
      enjoy such temporary VAT exemption would not be permitted to issue VAT special invoices to
      customers.


      On December 30, 2022, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated
      the Value-added Tax Law of the PRC (Draft for Comments). Under the current draft, among other
      things, input VAT of loan service will no longer be non-creditable, which means, the input VAT
      amount on acquiring loan services may be offset against relevant output VAT amounts. Further
      changes may be made to the Draft for Comments, which we will pay attention to and will evaluate
      the influence on us in terms of VAT.


PRC taxation of our overseas shareholders
Under the EIT Law, PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% is applicable to dividends payable to
investors that are “non-resident enterprises”, which do not have an establishment or place of business in
the PRC, or which have such establishment or place of business but the relevant income is not effectively
connected with the establishment or place of business, to the extent such dividends have their sources
within the PRC. Similarly, any gain realized on the transfer of ADSs or ordinary shares by such investors
is also subject to 10% PRC enterprise income tax if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources
within the PRC. Therefore, if we are considered a PRC “resident enterprise”, dividends we pay to non-
resident enterprise investors with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares and the gains realized from the
transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares may be considered as income derived from sources within the
PRC and be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 10% or lower, subject to the provisions of
any applicable bilateral tax treaty. The double taxation treaty between the PRC and the United States, or
the Treaty, does not reduce the 10% tax rate.

Moreover, non-resident individual investors are required to pay PRC individual income tax at the rate
of 20% instead of 10% enterprise income tax on dividends payable to the investors or any capital gains
realized from the transfer of ADSs or ordinary shares if such gains are deemed income derived from
sources within the PRC, unless there is an applicable tax treaty providing exemption or for a lower
withholding tax rate. Under the PRC Individual Income Tax Law (as amended), or IITL, non-resident
individual refers to an individual who has no domicile in China and does not stay in the territory of
China or who has no domicile in China and has stayed in the territory of China for less than 183 days
in aggregate in a calendar year. Pursuant to the IITL and its implementation rules, for purposes of the
PRC individual income tax levied on the income from transfer of property, the taxable income will be the
balance of the transfer price for the transfer of the ADSs or ordinary shares minus the original value and
reasonable expenses paid for such transfer. Therefore, if we are considered a PRC resident enterprise
and dividends we pay with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares and the gains realized from the
transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares are considered income derived from sources within the PRC by
relevant competent PRC tax authorities, such dividends and gains earned by non-resident individuals
may be subject to PRC individual income tax.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   127
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS ON OUR
      SHAREHOLDERS
      The following is a description of material U.S. federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holders
      described below of owning and disposing of ordinary shares or ADSs, but it does not purport to be a
      comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to a particular person’s decision
      to own such ordinary shares or ADSs. This discussion applies only to a U.S. Holder that holds ordinary
      shares or ADSs as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code
      of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). In addition, it does not describe all of the tax consequences that
      may be relevant in light of a U.S. Holder’s particular circumstances, including alternative minimum tax
      consequences, the Medicare tax on net investment income, and different tax consequences that may
      apply to U.S. Holders subject to special rules, such as:


      •      certain financial institutions;


      •      dealers or traders in securities who use a mark-to-market method of tax accounting;


      •      persons holding ordinary shares or ADSs as part of a straddle, wash sale, conversion transaction
             or integrated transaction or persons entering into a constructive sale with respect to the ordinary
             shares or ADSs;


      •      persons whose functional currency for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not the U.S. dollar;


      •      entities or arrangements that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or
             partners therein);


      •      tax-exempt entities;


      •      persons that own or are deemed to own ten percent or more of our ordinary shares (measured by
             voting power or value); or


      •      persons who acquired our ordinary shares or ADSs pursuant to the exercise of an employee stock
             option or otherwise as compensation.


      This discussion is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions, final,
      temporary and proposed Treasury regulations, and the Treaty, all as of the date hereof, and any of which
      is subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. It is also based in part on representations by the
      depositary and assumes that each obligation under the deposit agreement and any related agreement
      will be performed in accordance with its terms.




128   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                         OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


A “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of ordinary shares or ADSs that is a citizen or resident of the United
States or a U.S. domestic corporation or that otherwise is subject to U.S. federal income taxation on a
net income basis in respect of such ordinary shares or ADSs. In general, a U.S. Holder who owns ADSs
will be treated as the owner of the underlying ordinary shares represented by those ADSs for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. The remainder of this discussion assumes that a U.S. Holder of our ADSs will be
treated as the beneficial owner of the underlying ordinary shares represented by the ADSs.


U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors concerning the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax
consequences of owning and disposing of ordinary shares or ADSs in their particular circumstances.


Taxation of Distributions
Subject to the discussion under “–Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules” below, distributions paid
on ordinary shares or ADSs, other than certain pro rata distributions of ordinary shares, will be treated
as dividends to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined
under U.S. federal income tax principles). Because we do not maintain calculations of our earnings and
profits under U.S. federal income tax principles, it is expected that distributions generally will be treated
as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes.


A non-corporate recipient of dividend income from a “qualified foreign corporation” will generally be
subject to tax at a reduced U.S. federal tax rate rather than the marginal tax rates generally applicable
to ordinary income provided that certain holding period and other requirements are met. A non-U.
S. corporation will generally be considered to be a qualified foreign corporation (a) if it is eligible for
the benefits of a comprehensive tax treaty with the United States which the Secretary of Treasury
of the United States determines is satisfactory for purposes of this provision and which includes an
exchange of information program, or (b) with respect to any dividend it pays on stock or that are readily
tradable on an established securities market in the United States, provided, in both cases, that the
corporation is not a PFIC for the taxable year in which the dividend is paid or the preceding taxable year.
Our ADSs are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, and will qualify as readily tradable on an
established securities market in the United States so long as they are so listed. As discussed below in
“Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”, based on our financial statements and relevant market
and shareholder data, we believe that we should not be treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax
purposes with respect to the year of 2022. In addition, based on our financial statements and our current
expectations regarding the value and nature of our assets, the sources and nature of our income, and
relevant market and shareholder data, we do not anticipate becoming a PFIC for our 2023 taxable year
or in the foreseeable future. Since our ordinary shares are not themselves listed on an established
securities market in the United States, dividends that we pay on our ordinary shares that are not
backed by ADSs may not be eligible for the reduced tax rate. If, however, we are deemed to be a resident
enterprise under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be eligible for the benefits of the Treaty
(which the U.S. Treasury has determined is satisfactory for this purpose) and in that case we would be
treated as a qualified foreign corporation with respect to dividends paid on our ordinary shares or ADSs.
Each non-corporate U.S. Holder is advised to consult its tax advisors regarding the availability of the
reduced tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income for any dividends we pay with respect to our
ADSs or ordinary shares. The amount of the dividend will be treated as foreign-source dividend income
to U.S. Holders and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally available to U.S.
corporations under the Code.



                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   129
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      Dividends we pay may be subject to PRC withholding tax. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
      amount of any dividend will include amounts withheld in respect of such PRC withholding tax. See “–PRC
      Taxation” above. Subject to generally applicable limitations and conditions, PRC dividend withholding tax
      paid at the appropriate rate applicable to the U.S. Holder may be eligible for a credit against such U.S.
      Holder’s federal income tax liability. These generally applicable limitations and conditions include new
      requirements recently adopted by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and any PRC tax will need to
      satisfy these requirements in order to be eligible to be a creditable tax for a U.S. Holder. In the case of a
      U.S. Holder that is eligible for, and properly elects, the benefits of the Treaty, the PRC tax on dividends
      will be treated as meeting the new requirements and therefore as a creditable tax. In the case of all other
      U.S. Holders, the application of these requirements to the PRC tax on dividends is uncertain and we have
      not determined whether these requirements have been met. If the PRC dividend tax is not a creditable
      tax for a U.S. Holder or the U.S. Holder does not elect to claim a foreign tax credit for any foreign income
      taxes paid or accrued in the same taxable year, the U.S. Holder may be able to deduct the PRC tax in
      computing such U.S. Holder’s taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dividend distributions
      will constitute income from sources without the United States and, for U.S. Holders that elect to claim
      foreign tax credits, generally will constitute “passive category income” for foreign tax credit purposes.


      The availability and calculation of foreign tax credits and deductions for foreign taxes depend on a U.S.
      Holder’s particular circumstances and involve the application of complex rules to those circumstances.
      U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules to their
      particular situations.


      Dividends will be included in a U.S. Holder’s income on the date of the U.S. Holder’s, or in the case of
      ADSs, the depositary’s, actual or constructive receipt of the dividend. The amount of any dividend income
      paid in RMB will be the U.S. dollar amount calculated by reference to the exchange rate in effect on the
      date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. If the dividend
      is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, a U.S. Holder should not be required to recognize
      foreign currency gain or loss in respect of the dividend income. A U.S. Holder may have foreign currency
      gain or loss, which would be U.S. source ordinary gain or loss, if the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars
      after the date of receipt.


      Sales or Other Dispositions of Ordinary Shares or ADSs
      For U.S. federal income tax purposes, gain or loss realized on the sale or other disposition of ordinary
      shares or ADSs will be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder
      held the ordinary shares or ADSs for more than one year. The amount of the gain or loss will equal the
      difference between the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the ordinary shares or ADSs disposed of and the amount
      realized on the disposition, in each case as determined in U.S. dollars. The deductibility of capital losses
      is subject to limitations.




130   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                         OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


As described in “–PRC Taxation – PRC Taxation on Us,” if we were deemed to be a tax resident enterprise
under PRC tax law, gains from dispositions of our ordinary shares or ADSs may be subject to PRC
withholding tax. In that case, a U.S. Holder’s amount realized would include the gross amount of the
proceeds of the sale or disposition before deduction of the PRC tax. Although any such gain of a U.S.
Holder would generally be characterized as U.S.-source income, a U.S. Holder that is eligible for, and
properly elects to claim, the benefits of the Treaty may be entitled to elect to treat the gain as foreign-
source income for foreign tax credit purposes. Under the new foreign tax credit requirements recently
adopted by the IRS, any PRC tax imposed on the sale or other disposition of our ordinary shares or ADSs
generally will not be treated as a creditable tax for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes except in the case of
a U.S. Holder that is eligible for, and properly elects to claim, the benefits of the Treaty. If the PRC tax is
not a creditable tax or claimed as a credit by the U.S. Holder pursuant to the Treaty, the tax would reduce
the amount realized on the sale or other disposition of the shares even if the U.S. Holder has elected
to claim a foreign tax credit for other taxes in the same year. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax
advisors regarding the application of the foreign tax credit rules to a sale or other disposition of the
ordinary shares or ADSs and any PRC tax imposed on such sale or disposition.


Deposits and withdrawals of ordinary shares by U.S. Holders in exchange for ADSs will not result in the
realization of gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes.


Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules
Special U.S. federal income tax rules apply to U.S. persons owning shares of a “passive foreign
investment company”, or “PFIC”. If we were a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder held
ordinary shares or ADSs, such U.S. holder may be subject to adverse tax consequences upon a sale
or exchange of our ordinary shares or ADSs (including a sale or exchange that is treated as an “excess
distribution” in respect of the ordinary shares or ADSs). Additionally, a sale or exchange that is treated as
a dividend paid by a PFIC are not qualified dividends eligible to be taxed at preferential rates. Based on
our audited consolidated financial statements, we do not believe we were a passive foreign investment
company, or PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the2021 or 2022 taxable years and do not
expect to be a PFIC for 2023 or in the foreseeable future.


Specified Foreign Financial Assets
Certain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” with an aggregate value in excess
of US$50,000 on the last day of the taxable year or US$75,000 at any time during the taxable year are
generally required to file an information statement along with their tax returns, currently on IRS Form
8938, with respect to such assets. “Specified foreign financial assets” include any financial accounts
held at a non-U.S. financial institution, as well as securities issued by a non-U.S. issuer that are not held
in accounts maintained by financial institutions. Higher reporting thresholds apply to certain individuals
living abroad and to certain married individuals. Regulations extend this reporting requirement to
certain entities that are treated as formed or availed of to hold direct or indirect interests in specified
foreign financial assets based on certain objective criteria. U.S. Holders who fail to report the required
information could be subject to substantial penalties. In addition, the statute of limitations for
assessment of tax would be suspended, in whole or part. Prospective investors should consult their own
tax advisors concerning the application of these rules to their investment in ADSs or ordinary shares,
including the application of the rules to their particular circumstances.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   131
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
      Dividend payments with respect to ADSs or ordinary shares and proceeds from the sale or exchange of
      ADSs or ordinary shares may be subject to information reporting to the IRS and possible U.S. backup
      withholding. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a U.S. Holder who furnishes a correct
      taxpayer identification number and makes any other required certification or who is otherwise exempt
      from backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the application of the
      U.S. information reporting and backup withholding rules.


      Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Amounts withheld as backup withholding may be credited
      against your U.S. federal income tax liability, and you may obtain a refund of any excess amounts
      withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely filing the appropriate claim for refund with the IRS
      and furnishing any required information.


      GERMAN TAXATION
      Income Taxation
      German-based corporations (AG and GmbH) are subject to corporate income tax (CIT) and in general
      also to trade tax, which is a profit tax levied by the municipalities (TT). CIT is charged at a rate of 15% on
      the taxable income. A 5.5% solidarity surcharge is charged on the CIT, resulting in an effective tax rate
      of 15.825%. Trade tax is also charged on the taxable income by the local municipalities whereas the
      tax rates depends on the local multiplier of each municipality. Thus, TT rates vary from town to town.
      Typically, TT is levied at an effective rate of 7%–21%. For Frankfurt, the TT rate amounts to 16.1% and for
      Munich to 17.15%. Partnerships themselves (GmbH & Co. KG) that qualifies as so-called entrepreneurial
      partnerships for tax purposes (Mitunternehmerschaft en) are subject to TT but not subject to CIT. For
      CIT purposes, a partnership is tax transparent; i.e., the taxable income of a partnership is determined at
      the level of the partnership itself and then allocated to the partners in proportion to their interest in the
      partnership, irrespective of an actual distribution. In case a partner of a partnership is a corporation, the
      income is subject to CIT at the level of the partners. If the conditions are fulfilled, expenses of the partner
      that arise in connection with its partnership participation are tax deductible from the taxable income of
      the partnership as so-called special purpose expenses (Sonderbetriebsausgaben ), subject to general
      rules that may be applicable in relation to deduction of expenses and further provided that the expenses
      are included in the tax-filing at the level of the partnership.


      German branches/permanent establishments of foreign corporations are subject to CIT and TT. In case
      of permanent establishments, the German double tax treaties generally assign the taxation right to
      the state in which the permanent establishment is located. The participation of a foreign corporation
      (H World Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd.) in a German partnership (DH Group GmbH & Co. KG) as limited
      partner can create a permanent establishment of the foreign corporation in Germany for CIT and TT
      purposes.




132   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



Taxation of Reorganizations
In certain cases, a reorganization may lead to income subject to CIT and TT as well as to a forfeiture of
any tax loss carryforwards. However, the identity-preserving change of legal form (Formwechsel ) from a
stock corporation (Steigenberger Hotels Aktiengesellschaft) to a limited liability company (Steigenberger
Hotels GmbH) has no tax consequences.


Tax group for CIT and TT purposes
A tax group in Germany allows a set-off of taxable income (positive and negative) for CIT and TT purposes
at the level of the entity heading the tax group (parent company). Such tax group requires in particular
the holding of the majority in voting rights (financial integration) from the beginning of the fiscal year
of the parent subsidiary company as well as the implementation and proper execution of a profit and
loss transfer agreement for a fixed minimum period of at least five calendar years. Accordingly, all
profits made as well as all losses suffered at the level of the subsidiary/ies in a tax group as determined
pursuant to German accounting rules (HGB) have to be transferred to or need to be compensated by the
head of the tax group. One advantage of the tax group is that the profit transfer is not subject to dividend
taxation (i.e. no CIT/TT on the 5% non-deductible expenses). Only corporations subject to unlimited
corporate income tax with its place of registered office and management in Germany and seat in a EU or
EEA country can be subsidiaries in a tax group.


The change of the legal form of the parent company has no influence on the continued existence of
a profit and loss transfer agreement and therefore does not affect the tax group relationship if the
requirements for the tax group are still met by the parent company in its new legal form.


Participation exemption
Dividends received by a German corporation are generally exempt from CIT if in particular a participation
quota of at least 10% at the beginning of the year the dividend distribution takes place is fulfilled and the
distributed dividend has not reduced the taxable income of the distributing entity; 5% of the dividends are
deemed as non-deductible business expenses. Consequently, dividends are effectively 95% tax exempt.
The effective CIT including solidarity surcharge on dividends therefore amounts to approximately 0.8%
(= 5% taxable portion x 15.825% tax rate). This participation exemption applies regardless of a minimum
holding period or the residence of the subsidiary (German or foreign). The participation exemption inter alia
does not apply if the shares are held as a trading stock of banks and financial institutions.


The 95% exemption applies to TT under additional requirements. For dividends from German
corporations the minimum shareholding at the beginning of the year must be at least 15% instead of
10%; Otherwise, the dividends are fully taxable for TT purposes. The same hold principally true with
regard to the TT-treatment of dividends from foreign corporations.


The 95% participation exemption also applies to capital gains from the disposal of shares in
corporations. Exceptions only apply in case of certain tax neutral restructurings made in the past and in
case of past tax-effective write-downs. The 95% participation exemption for capital gains applies to both
CIT and TT. Again, the participation exemption for capital gains inter alia does not apply if the shares
are held as a trading stock of banks and financial institutions or as an investment of a life or health
insurance company.



                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   133
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      Withholding Taxes
      Dividends paid by German corporations are subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a rate
      of 25% plus 5.5% solidarity surcharge thereupon. A German resident shareholder in the form of a
      corporation may offset the paid withholding tax against its tax burden or if higher than its tax burden get
      a refund in the course of the tax assessment. For shareholders which are non-resident in Germany, the
      withholding tax may generally become a final tax cost unless exemptions apply.


      In this regard, for example, a 40% (resp. two fifths) refund on the withholding tax is granted upon
      application at the Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern), if the dividend recipient
      is domiciled abroad and there is no double taxation treaty with Germany. Therefore, an effective
      withholding tax rate of 15.825% on dividends for German non-resident shareholders applies. However,
      this refund is subject to enhanced substance requirements.


      According to the EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive as implemented into German domestic law, the
      withholding tax can be reduced to zero (upon prior application and issuance of a respective tax exemption
      certificate), if the dividends are paid by a German subsidiary to its EU shareholder corporation that
      has held a 10% minimum participation in the German subsidiary for at least 12 months and respective
      substance requirements pursuant to German anti-treaty shopping provisions are met.


      Furthermore, based on double tax treaties between Germany and the shareholder’s country of residence,
      the withholding tax may be (upon application) reduced to 5% to 15%. Also in these cases, the WHT
      reduction has to be applied for and substance requirements have to be met.


      By contrast, profit distributions paid by a partnership (for example, GmbH &Co. KG) are not subject to
      withholding tax because they are qualified as “withdrawals” rather than dividends from a German income
      tax perspective.


      If a partnership receives dividends from its corporate subsidiaries and if these corporate subsidiaries
      are to be actually attributable to the permanent establishment of the German partnership, the dividend
      withholding tax cannot be reclaimed at the level of a partnership but only at the level of its partners. This
      also applies to foreign partners of the German partnership which creates a permanent establishment
      due to the participation in a partnership in Germany and are therefore subject to limited CIT and thus,
      have to file a CIT return in Germany.


      However, reclaiming of the dividend withholding tax in such German CIT return of the foreign partner
      can only be made in case the corporate subsidiaries of the partnership are actually attributable to the
      permanent establishment of the German partnership. As a German partnership is a semi-transparent
      entity, the corporate subsidiaries must be in a functional relationship with the partnership in order to
      be attributed to the German permanent establishment of the partnership. If the corporate subsidiaries
      are not attributable to the permanent establishment of the German partnership, they would be directly
      attributed to the foreign partner of the partnership. In this case, the dividends from such corporations
      would be seen as directly received by the foreign partner and not by the German partnership, leading to
      the application of the general refund procedure explained above (including the prove of substance).




134   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



SINGAPORE TAXATION
Corporate Tax
The prevailing corporate tax rate in Singapore is 17% with effect from Year of Assessment 2011. In
addition, with effect from Year of Assessment 2020, the partial tax exemption scheme applies on the first
S$200,000 of a company’s normal chargeable income; specifically 75% of up to the first S$10,000 of a
company’s normal chargeable income, and 50% of up to the next S$190,000 is exempt from corporate
tax. The remaining chargeable income (after the partial tax exemption) will be taxed at 17%.


Singapore has a tax exemption scheme for new start-up companies that was introduced in Year of
Assessment 2005 to support entrepreneurship and help the growth of local enterprises. With effect
from Year of Assessment 2020 onwards, there will be a 75% exemption on the first S$100,000 of normal
chargeable income, and a further 50% exemption on the next S$100,000 of normal chargeable income.


Our subsidiaries in Singapore are subject to Singapore corporate income tax at a rate of 17%.


Goods and Services Tax
Goods and services tax (“GST”) in Singapore is a consumption tax that is levied on the import of goods
and services into Singapore, as well as nearly all supplies of goods and services in Singapore at a
prevailing rate of 7%. With effect from 1 January 2023, GST rate had increased to 8%, which will further
increased to 9% with effect from 1 January 2024.


Dividend Distributions
Singapore adopts a one-tier corporate tax system under which the tax collected from corporate profits
is a final tax and the after-tax profits of a company resident in Singapore can be distributed to its
shareholders as tax-exempt dividends. Such dividends are tax-exempt in the hands of the shareholders,
irrespective of whether the shareholder is a company or an individual and whether or not the shareholder
is a Singapore tax resident. Singapore does not currently impose withholding tax on dividends paid to
resident or non-resident shareholders.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   135
      EXEMPTIONS AND WAIVERS


      NASDAQ LISTED COMPANY MANUAL
      We are a “foreign private issuer” (as such term is defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act), and our
      ADSs are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. The NASDAQ rules provide that foreign private
      issuers may follow home country practice in lieu of the corporate governance requirements of the
      NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, subject to certain exceptions and requirements and except to the extent
      that such exemptions would be contrary to U.S. federal securities laws and regulations. The significant
      differences between our corporate governance practices and those followed by domestic companies
      under the NASDAQ rules are summarized as follows:


      •      We follow home country practice that permits our board of directors not to have a majority of
             independent directors in lieu of complying with Rule 5605(b)(1) of the NASDAQ.


      •      We follow home country practice that permits our independent directors not to hold regularly
             scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present in lieu of complying with Rule
             5605(b)(2) of the NASDAQ.


      •      We follow home country practice that permits our board of directors not to implement a
             nominations committee, in lieu of complying with Rule 5605(e) of the NASDAQ Rules that requires
             the implementation of a nominations committee.


      •      We followed home country practice that permits us not to disclose in our annual report or website
             the material terms of all agreements or arrangements between any director, nominee for director
             and any person or entity other than our company relating to compensation or other payment
             in connection with that person’s candidacy or services as a director of our company, in lieu of
             complying with Rule 5250(b)(3) of the NASDAQ.


      Other than the above, we have followed and intend to continue to follow the applicable corporate
      governance standards under the NASDAQ rules.


      HONG KONG LISTING RULES
      Under Rule 19C.11 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, we are exempt from certain corporate governance
      requirements of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, including Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules
      (Corporate Governance Code) and Appendix 16 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (Disclosure of Financial
      Information).


      In connection with our listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and
      the SFC granted certain waivers and exemptions from strict compliance with the relevant provisions
      of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the SFO, respectively, and the SFC also granted a ruling under the
      Takeovers Codes.




136   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                EXEMPTIONS AND WAIVERS



NOT A PUBLIC COMPANY IN HONG KONG
Section 4.1 of the Takeovers Codes provides that the Takeovers Codes applies to takeovers, mergers
and share repurchases affecting public companies in Hong Kong and companies with a primary listing
in Hong Kong. According to the Note to Section 4.2 of the Introduction to the Takeovers Codes, a
Grandfathered Greater China Issuer within the meaning of Rule 19C.01 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules
with a secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will not normally be regarded as a public
company in Hong Kong under Section 4.2 of the Introduction to the Takeovers Codes.


The SFC granted a ruling that we are not a “public company in Hong Kong” for the purposes of Section
4.2. Therefore, the Takeovers Codes do not apply to us. In the event that the bulk of trading in the
Shares migrates to Hong Kong such that our Company would be treated as having a dual-primary listing
pursuant to Rule 19C.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Takeovers Codes will apply to our Company.


DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS UNDER PART XV OF SFO
Part XV of the SFO imposes duties of disclosure of interests in ordinary shares. Under the U.S. Exchange
Act, which we are subject to, any person (including directors and officers of the company concerned)
who acquires beneficial ownership, as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of
the SEC and which includes the power to direct the voting or the disposition of the securities, of more
than 5% of a class of equity securities registered under Section 12 of the U.S. Exchange Act must file
beneficial owner reports with the SEC, and such person must promptly report any material change in
the information provided (including any acquisition or disposition of 1% or more of the class of equity
securities concerned), unless exceptions apply. Therefore, compliance with Part XV of the SFO would
subject our corporate insiders to a second level of reporting, which would be unduly burdensome to
them, would result in additional costs and would not be meaningful, since the statutory disclosure
of interest obligations under the U.S. Exchange Act that apply to us and our corporate insiders would
provide our investors with sufficient information relating to the shareholding interests of our significant
shareholders.


The SFC granted a partial exemption under section 309(2) of the SFO from the provisions of Part XV of
the SFO (other than Divisions 5, 11 and 12 of Part XV of the SFO), on the conditions that (i) the bulk of
trading in the ordinary shares is not considered to have migrated to Hong Kong on a permanent basis in
accordance with Rule 19C.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules; (ii) all disclosures of interest filed in the
SEC are also filed with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as soon as practicable, which will then publish
such disclosure in the same manner as disclosures made under Part XV of the SFO; and (iii) we will advise
the SFC if there is any material change to any of the information which has been provided to the SFC,
including any significant changes to the disclosure requirements in the U.S. and any significant changes
in the volume of our worldwide share turnover that takes place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
This exemption may be reconsidered by the SFC in the event there is a material change in information
provided to the SFC.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   137
      EXEMPTIONS AND WAIVERS


      The U.S. Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder require disclosure of
      interests by shareholders that are broadly equivalent to Part XV of the SFO. For relevant disclosure
      in respect of the substantial shareholder’s interests, see “Major Shareholders and Related Party
      Transactions – Major Shareholders.”


      We undertook to file with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, as soon as practicable, any declaration
      of shareholding and securities transactions filed with the SEC. We further undertook to disclose in
      present and future listing documents any shareholding interests as disclosed in an SEC filing and the
      relationship between our directors, officers, members of committees and their relationship to any
      controlling shareholder.


      CORPORATE COMMUNICATION
      Rule 2.07A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules provides that a listed issuer may send or otherwise make
      available to the relevant holders of its securities any corporate communication by electronic means,
      provided that either the listed issuer has previously received from each of the relevant holders of its
      securities an express, positive confirmation in writing or the shareholders of the listed issuer have
      resolved in a general meeting that the listed issuer may send or supply corporate communications
      to shareholders by making them available on the listed issuer’s own website or the listed issuer’s
      constitutional documents contain provision to that effect, and certain conditions are satisfied.


      Since our listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we made the following arrangements:


      •      We issue all corporate communications as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules on our own
             website in English and Chinese, and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website in English and
             Chinese.


      •      We continue to make arrangements to provide printed copies of proxy materials and notices to our
             shareholders at no costs upon request.


      •      We have added to the “Investor Relations” page of our website which directs investors to all of our
             filings with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


      The Hong Kong Stock Exchange granted us a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements under
      Rule 2.07A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


      Rule 13.25B of the Hong Kong Listing Rules requires a listed issuer to publish a monthly return in
      relation to movements in its equity securities, debt securities and any other securitized instruments, as
      applicable, during the period to which the monthly return relates. Pursuant to the Joint Policy Statement
      Regarding the Listing of Overseas Companies, or Joint Policy Statement, we sought a waiver from Rule
      13.25B subject to satisfying the waiver condition that the SFC has granted a partial exemption from strict
      compliance with Part XV of the SFO (other than Divisions 5, 11 and 12 of Part XV of the SFO) in respect of
      disclosure of shareholders’ interests. As we have obtained a partial exemption from the SFC, the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange granted a waiver from strict compliance with Rule 13.25B of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules. We disclose information about share repurchases, if any, in our quarterly earnings releases and
      annual reports on Form 20-F which are furnished or filed with the SEC in accordance with applicable U.S.
      rules and regulations.

138   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                            RISK FACTORS

An investment in our ADSs involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as
well as the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report, before making
an investment decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially
adversely affected by any of these risks. The market or trading price of our ADSs could decline due to any
of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In addition, the risks discussed below also
include forward-looking statements and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed
in these forward-looking statements. Please note that additional risks not presently known to us, that we
currently deem immaterial or that we have not anticipated may also impair our business and operations.


RISK FACTOR SUMMARY
Risks Related to Our Business
•     Our operating results are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry in general;


•     Our business is sensitive to Chinese, European and global economic conditions. A severe or
      prolonged downturn in the Chinese, European or global economy could materially and adversely
      affect our revenues and results of operations;


•     The lodging industries in China and Europe are competitive, and if we are unable to compete
      successfully, our financial condition and results of operations may be harmed;


•     The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our financial
      and operating performance;


•     Seasonality of our business and national or regional special events may cause fluctuations in our
      revenues, cause our ADS or ordinary share price to decline, and adversely affect our profitability;


•     We may not be able to manage our planned growth, which could adversely affect our operating
      results;


•     Failure to comply with data protection laws or maintain the integrity of internal or customer data
      could result in harm to our reputation or subject us to costs, liabilities, fines or lawsuits; and


•     We, our directors, management and employees may be subject to certain risks related to legal
      proceedings filed by or against us, and adverse results may harm our business.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   139
      RISK FACTORS



      Risks Related to Doing Business in China
      •      We are subject to many of the economic and political risks associated with emerging markets due
             to our operations in China;


      •      Inflation in China may disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our financial condition
             and results of operations;


      •      Developments in the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the
             legal protections available to you and us;


      •      Recent regulatory developments in China may subject us to additional regulatory review and
             disclosure requirements, expose us to government influence, or otherwise restrict or completely
             hinder our ability to offer securities and raise capital outside China, which could adversely affect
             our business operations and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become
             worthless;


      •      If the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors as required under the HFCA Act, the SEC will
             prohibit the trading of our ADSs, which may materially and adversely affect the value of your
             investment; and


      •      Proceedings instituted by the SEC against the Big Four PRC-based accounting firms, including
             our independent registered public accounting firm, could result in financial statements being
             determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act.


      Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure
      •      H World Group Limited is a Cayman Islands holding company. As a result, you may experience
             difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing actions in
             China against us or our management based on foreign laws;


      •      Revenue and assets contributions from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities have not been
             material. Nonetheless, if the PRC regulatory authorities deem that the contractual arrangements
             in relation to the Consolidated Affiliated Entities do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions
             on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation of
             existing regulations change in the future, our ordinary shares and ADSs may decline in value if we
             are unable to assert our contractual control rights over the assets of the Consolidated Affiliated
             Entities;


      •      We rely in part on contractual arrangements with each of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and
             their respective nominee shareholders to operate certain restricted business. These contractual
             arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control and
             otherwise have a material adverse effect as to our business;




140   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


•   If we exercise the option to acquire equity ownership of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, the
    ownership transfer may subject us to certain limitations and substantial costs;


•   The nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may have potential conflicts of
    interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition;


•   If the custodians or authorized users of our controlling non-tangible assets, including chops and
    seals, fail to fulfill their responsibilities, or misappropriate or misuse these assets, our business
    and operations may be materially and adversely affected; and


•   Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign
    Investment Law and its implementing rules and how they may impact our business, financial
    condition and results of operations.


Risks Related to our ADSs, ordinary shares and Our Trading Market
•   The market prices for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares has been and may continue to be volatile;


•   An active trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange might not be
    sustained and trading prices of our ordinary shares might fluctuate significantly;


•   If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or if they publish inaccurate
    or unfavorable research about our business, the market prices and trading volume for our ADSs
    and/or ordinary shares could decline;


•   Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market prices of the ADSs and/or
    ordinary shares;


•   We may need additional capital, and the sale of additional ADSs, ordinary shares or other equity
    securities could result in additional dilution to our shareholders and the incurrence of additional
    indebtedness could increase our debt service obligations;


•   As our founder and co-founders collectively hold a controlling interest in us, they have significant
    influence over our management and their interests may not be aligned with our interests or the
    interests of our other shareholders; and


•   There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of
    our ADSs.




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   141
      RISK FACTORS



      RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS
      Our operating results are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry
      in general.
      Our operating results are subject to conditions typically affecting the lodging industry, which include:


      •      changes and volatility in national, regional and local economic conditions in China, Europe and
             other countries and regions where we operate;


      •      competition from other hotels, the attractiveness of our hotels to customers, and our ability to
             maintain and increase sales to existing customers and attract new customers;


      •      adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or travelers’ fears of exposure to contagious
             diseases and social unrest;


      •      changes in travel patterns or in the desirability of particular locations;


      •      increases in operating costs and expenses due to inflation and other factors;


      •      local market conditions such as an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, hotel rooms;


      •      the quality and performance of managers and other employees of our hotels;


      •      the availability and cost of capital to fund construction and renovation of, and make other
             investments in, our hotels;


      •      seasonality of the lodging business and national or regional special events;


      •      the possibility that leased properties may be subject to challenges as to their compliance with the
             relevant government regulations; and


      •      maintenance and infringement of our intellectual property.


      Changes in any of these conditions could adversely affect our occupancy rates, average daily room rates
      and RevPAR, or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.




142   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



Our business is sensitive to Chinese, European and global economic
conditions. A severe or prolonged downturn in the Chinese, European or
global economy could materially and adversely affect our revenues and
results of operations.
Our business and operations are primarily based in China as well as in Europe. We depend on domestic
business and leisure travel customers in China for a significant majority of our revenues, and we also
derive a relatively large portion of our revenues from Europe following our acquisition of Deutsche
Hospitality on January 2, 2020. Accordingly, our financial results have been, and we expect will continue
to be, affected by developments in the economies and travel industries primarily of China as well as
those of Europe.


As the travel industry is highly sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels, it tends
to decline during general economic downturns. A prolonged slowdown in the Chinese economy could
erode consumer confidence which could result in changes to consumer spending patterns for travel
and lodging-related products and services. The European hotel industry is also significantly affected by
European countries’ economic growth. While the European hotel industry demonstrated stable growth
from 2015 to 2019, its growth rate slowed down from 2020 to 2021 due to the impact of COVID-19 and
gradually recovered since early 2022.


The global financial markets experienced significant disruptions in 2008 and the United States, Europe
and other economies went into recession. The recovery from the lows of 2008 and 2009 was uneven and it
is facing new challenges, including sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine crisis since 2014, shadows
of international terrorism spread by Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham, which has been particularly
intensified since the Paris terror attacks in November 2015, the impact of the election of Donald Trump
as former President of the United States and the tax reform that he subsequently signed into law, the
trade war between the United States and China and the Syrian airstrike in 2018, the tension between the
United States and Iran in 2019, the impact of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union (the “EU”),
the outbreak of COVID-19, and the tension between China and the United States over the Taiwan strait
due to the U.S House Representative’s visit to Taiwan in August 2022. In addition, conflicts between the
United States and China have extended to multiple areas, which could place further pressure on China’s
economic growth. For example, the U.S. government imposed economic and trade sanctions directly or
indirectly affecting China-based technology companies. Such laws and regulations are likely subject to
frequent changes, and their interpretation and enforcement involves substantial uncertainties, which
may be heightened by national security concerns or driven by political and/or other factors that are
out of our control. In addition, the SEC has issued statements primarily focused on companies with
significant China-based operations, such as us. All of these events have introduced uncertainties to the




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   143
      RISK FACTORS


      geopolitical situations and the global economic outlook. There is considerable uncertainty over the long-
      term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies that have been adopted by China. On the
      other hand, after a sustained period of low interest rates, interest rates have risen significantly in the
      U.S. and Europe since 2022. There are expectations that interest rates will continue to rise in 2023 as the
      U.S. Federal Reserve seeks to combat inflation. The combination of rising interest rates and inflation has
      resulted in significant market volatility and economic uncertainty. There have also been concerns over
      unrest in the Middle East and Africa, which have resulted in significant market volatility, and over the
      possibility of a war involving Iran or North Korea. Furthermore, eruptions of regional tensions, such as
      the ongoing military conflict involving Ukraine and Russia, and the related sanctions against Russia have
      resulted in major economic shocks worldwide and substantial volatility across global financial markets.
      Moreover, there have been concerns about the economic effect of the earthquake, tsunami and nuclear
      crisis in Japan and the tensions between Japan and its neighboring countries. Economic conditions in
      China and Europe are sensitive to global economic conditions.


      It is unclear whether the above challenges will be contained or resolved and what effects they may have.
      Any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese, European or global economy may have a negative impact on our
      business, results of operations and financial condition, and continued turbulence in the international
      markets may adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs.


      The lodging industries in China and Europe are competitive, and if we are
      unable to compete successfully, our financial condition and results of
      operations may be harmed.
      The lodging industries in China and Europe are highly fragmented. As a multi-brand hotel group,
      we believe that we compete primarily based on location, room rates, brand recognition, quality
      of accommodations, geographic coverage, service quality, range of services, guest amenities and
      convenience of the central reservation system. We primarily compete with other hotel groups as well
      as various independent hotels in each of the markets in which we operate, including Chinese hotel
      groups such as BTG Homeinns and Jinjiang, as well as international hotel groups such as Marriott,
      Intercontinental, Accor and Hilton. We also face competitions from lodging products offered on platforms
      such as Airbnb and service apartments. New and existing competitors may offer more competitive
      rates, greater convenience, services or amenities or superior facilities, which could attract customers
      away from our hotels and result in a decrease in occupancy rates and average daily room rates of our
      hotels. Competitors may also outbid us for new leased hotel conversion sites, negotiate better terms
      for potential manachised or franchised hotels or offer better terms to our existing franchisees in
      connection with our manachised or franchised hotels, thereby slowing our anticipated pace of expansion.
      Furthermore, our typical guests may change their travel, spending and consumption patterns and choose
      to stay in other kinds of hotels, especially given the increase in our hotel room rates to keep pace with
      inflation. Even if our peers cannot outcompete us, any increasing supply of hospitality assets in the areas
      we operate could negatively affect our operational and financial results. Any of these factors may have
      an adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations and financial condition.




144   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS



The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and may continue to
adversely affect, our financial and operating performance.
In December 2019, COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which subsequently
spread throughout China. On January 31, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 as
a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. The travel industry has been severely affected by
the outbreak of COVID-19 since the beginning of 2020 due to the reduced traveler traffic. During the
COVID-19 pandemic, government authorities around the world have imposed widespread lockdowns,
closure of workplaces and restrictions on mobility and travel to contain the spread of the virus. These
containment measures negatively affected occupancy rates and revenue of our hotels (including both
leased and owned hotels and manachised and franchised hotels). Since the outbreak of COVID-19, we
have taken various cost and cash flow mitigation measures to counter the negative impact of COVID-19
on our results of operations. Despite these efforts, our business operations and results in 2020, 2021
and 2022 were adversely affected by COVID-19. Due to the impact of COVID-19, we experienced operating
losses and closed down certain of our hotels in 2020, 2021 and 2022.


China has significantly eased its COVID-19 control measures. While we believe that these actions have
boosted consumers’ willingness to travel and demand for lodging, uncertainties still exist with respect to
the effect of these measures on our business and results of operations. In addition, we cannot guarantee
that the regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where we operate will not re-adopt control measures, such
as travel restrictions and quarantine requirements, to combat the pandemic (including any new variant),
which could slow down the recovery of our industry. Any significant decline in revenues for our hotels
also increases the probability that franchisees will be unable to fund working capital and to repay or
refinance indebtedness, which may cause our franchisees to declare bankruptcy. Such bankruptcies may
result in termination of our franchise agreements and eliminate our anticipated income and cash flows.
Moreover, bankrupted franchisees may not have sufficient assets to pay termination fees, other unpaid
fees, reimbursements or unpaid loans owed to us.


As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to develop worldwide, its overall impact on our business, liquidity
and results of operations remains uncertain. Moreover, COVID-19 has not been eliminated and new
variants may develop. While vaccines for COVID-19 are being and have been developed, there is no
guarantee that vaccines will continue to work as expected or be made available or will be accepted on a
significant scale and in a timely manner. Furthermore, future variants of COVID-19 could also prove to be
more resistant to vaccines and other mitigation measures. The potential downturn brought by and the
duration of the COVID-19 pandemic may be difficult to assess or predict where actual effects will depend
on many factors beyond our control. To the extent COVID-19 adversely affects our business, financial
condition and results of operations, it may also heighten some of the other risks described under the
heading “Risk Factors” in this annual report.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   145
      RISK FACTORS



      Seasonality of our business and national or regional special events may
      cause fluctuations in our revenues, cause our ADS or ordinary share price to
      decline, and adversely affect our profitability.
      The lodging industry is subject to fluctuations in revenues due to seasonality and national or regional
      special events. The seasonality of our business may cause fluctuations in our quarterly operating results.
      Generally, the first quarter, in which both the New Year and Spring Festival holidays fall, accounts for a
      lower percentage of our annual revenues than other quarters of the year. Our hotels in China typically
      have a lower RevPAR in the fourth quarter, as compared to the second and third quarters, due to reduced
      travel activities in winter, though some of our European hotels may recognize higher sales in the fourth
      quarter as a result of more trade fairs and corporate events. In addition, national or regional special
      events that attract large numbers of people to travel may also cause fluctuations in our operating results
      in particular for the hotel locations where those events are held. Therefore, you should not rely on our
      operating or financial results for prior periods as an indication of our results in any future period. As
      our revenues may vary from quarter to quarter, our business performance is difficult to predict and our
      quarterly results could fall below investor expectations, which could cause our ordinary share and/or
      ADS prices to decline. Furthermore, the ramp-up process of our new hotels can be delayed during the low
      season, which may negatively affect our revenues and profitability.


      Our relatively limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our
      future prospects and results of operations.
      Our operations commenced in 2005, when we launched our HanTing Hotel brand. See “Business Overview
      History and Development of the Company.” Accordingly, you should consider our future prospects in light
      of the risks and challenges encountered by a company with a relatively limited operating history. These
      risks and challenges include:


      •      continuing our growth while trying to achieve and maintain our profitability;


      •      preserving and enhancing our competitive position in the lodging industry in China, Europe and
             other countries and regions where we operate;


      •      offering innovative products to attract recurring and new customers;


      •      implementing our strategy and modifying it from time to time to respond effectively to competition
             and changes in customer preferences and needs;


      •      increasing awareness of our brands and products and continuing to develop customer loyalty;


      •      attracting, training, retaining and motivating qualified personnel;


      •      renewing leases for our leased hotels on commercially viable terms after the initial lease terms
             expire; and


      •      continuing to attract franchisees to our network.




146   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


If we are unsuccessful in addressing any of these risks or challenges, our business may be materially and
adversely affected.


Our new leased and owned hotels typically incur significant pre-opening
expenses during their development stages and generate relatively low
revenues during their ramp-up stages, which may have a significant negative
impact on our financial performance.
The operation of each of our leased and owned hotels goes through three stages: development, ramp-
up and mature operations. During the development stage, leased and owned hotels do not generate
any revenue, and incur pre-opening expenses generally ranging from approximately RMB1.5 million to
RMB20.0 million per hotel. During the ramp-up stage, when the occupancy rate is relatively low, revenues
generated by these hotels may be insufficient to cover their operating costs, which are relatively fixed
in nature. As a result, these newly opened leased and owned hotels may not achieve profitability during
the ramp-up stage. As we continue to expand our leased and owned hotel portfolio, the significant pre-
opening expenses incurred during the development stage and the relatively low revenues during the
ramp-up stage of our newly opened leased and owned hotels may have a significant negative impact on
our financial performance. Moreover, we plan to develop more midscale and upscale leased and owned
hotels in the future with relatively higher pre-opening expenses, especially rent, which may lead to a
more evident negative impact on our financials. In addition, we must maintain our hotels’ conditions and
may upgrade a certain number of our hotels, which requires renovation and other improvements to our
hotels from time to time. Hotels under renovation may need to be closed partially or entirely or otherwise
be seriously disrupted due to the renovations, which could adversely affect the hotels’ revenues.


A significant portion of our costs and expenses may remain at the same level
or increase even if our revenues decline, which would adversely affect our
net margins and results of operations.
A significant portion of our operating costs, including rent and depreciation and amortization, is fixed.
Accordingly, a decrease in revenues could result in a disproportionately higher decrease in our earnings
because our operating costs and expenses are unlikely to decrease proportionately. For example, the
New Year and Spring Festival holiday periods generally account for a lower portion of our annual revenues
than other periods. However, our expenses do not vary as significantly with changes in occupancy and
revenues as we need to continue to pay rent and salary and to make regular repairs, maintenance and
renovations and invest in other capital improvements throughout the year to maintain the attractiveness
of our hotels. Our property development and renovation costs may increase as a result of increasing
costs of materials. However, we may have a limited ability to pass increased costs to customers through
room rate increases. Therefore, our costs and expenses may remain constant or increase even if our
revenues decline, which would adversely affect our net margins and results of operations.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   147
      RISK FACTORS



      We may not be able to manage our planned growth, which could adversely
      affect our operating results.
      Our hotel group has been growing rapidly since we commenced our business of operating and managing
      a multi-brand hotel group.


      We intend to continue developing and operating additional hotels in different geographic locations in
      China and overseas. Such expansions have placed, and will continue placing, substantial demands on our
      managerial, operational, technological and other resources. Our planned expansion will also require us to
      maintain the consistency of our products and the quality of our services to ensure that our business does
      not suffer as a result of any deviations, whether actual or perceived, in our quality standards. In order to
      manage and support our growth, we must continue improving our existing operational, administrative and
      technological systems and our financial and management controls, and recruit, train and retain qualified
      hotel management personnel as well as other administrative and sales and marketing personnel,
      particularly as we expand into new markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively and
      efficiently manage the growth of our operations, recruit and retain qualified personnel and integrate new
      hotels into our operations. Our inability to anticipate the changing demands that expanding operations
      will impose on our management and information and operational systems, or our failure to quickly adapt
      our systems and procedures to the new markets, could result in declines of revenues and increases in
      expenses or otherwise harm our results of operations and financial condition.


      In addition, our expansion within existing markets may affect our existing hotels in those markets and,
      as a result, negatively affect our overall results of operations. While expansion into new geographic
      markets, especially overseas, and addition of new hotel products for which we may have limited
      operating experience and brand recognition may present operating and marketing challenges that
      are different from those we currently encounter in our existing markets. Those new markets may have
      different regulatory requirements, competitive conditions, consumer preferences and discretionary
      spending patterns as compared to our existing markets. As a result, any new hotels we open in those
      markets may be less successful than hotels in our existing markets. Guests and franchisees in any new
      market may not be familiar with our brands and we may need more time to build brand awareness in that
      market through greater investments in advertising and promotional activities than we anticipated. We
      may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate and retain qualified employees who share our
      vision, passion and culture. Hotels operated in new markets may also have lower average revenues or
      higher operating costs than hotels in existing markets. Revenues at hotels operated in new markets may
      take longer than expected to ramp up and reach expected revenues and profit levels, and may never do
      so, thereby affecting our overall profitability.


      There can be no assurance that any expansion, new hotel products or brands we introduce will be well
      received by our customers and become profitable in a timely fashion, or at all. If a new product or brand
      is not well received by our customers and our expansion into new geographic markets is not successful,
      we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to offset related costs and expenses, and our overall
      financial performance and condition may be adversely affected.




148   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS



Our multi-brand business strategy exposes us to potential risks if any of the
new hotel brands are not well received by the market, we may not be able to
generate sufficient revenue to offset related costs and expenses, and our
overall financial performance and condition may be adversely affected.
We launched our hotel brand HanTing Hotel in 2005, our economy hotel brand Hi Inn in 2008 and our
midscale hotel brand JI Hotel in 2010. In 2012, we acquired the Starway Hotel brand. In addition, we
launched Manxin Hotels & Resorts in October 2013, which was subsequently rebranded as Manxin Hotel ,
an upper midscale hotel brand; Joya Hotel , a hotel brand targeting the upscale market, in December
2013 and Elan Hotel , an economy hotel brand, in September 2014. We acquired Crystal Orange in May
2017, which holds hotels under the brands of Crystal Orange Hotel and Orange Hotel . In August 2018, we
completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Blossom Hotel Management which holds hotels under
the brand of Blossom Hill Hotels & Resorts (currently Blossom House ). We launched the Madison Hotel
brand and Grand Madison Hotel brand in 2019. In 2020, Grand Madison Hotel was merged into Madison
Hotel brand. In January 2020, we completed the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality, which operates in
Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Africa, with hotels under brands of Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts,
MAXX by Steigenberger, Jaz in the City, IntercityHotel, and Zleep Hotels . In 2020, we acquired the Ni Hao
Hotel brand, and started to develop and operate hotels under this brand. In May 2021, we completed the
acquisition of CitiGO, which operates hotels under the brand of CitiGO Hotel . In July 2021, Steigenberger
Hotels GmbH and Porsche Lizenz – und Handelsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG signed a license agreement
to jointly develop a luxury lifestyle brand named Steigenberger Porsche Design Hotels. Steigenberger
Porsche Design Hotels are expected to be launched in selected international metropolises. We also
launched our luxury hotel brands Steigenberger Icon and Song Hotels in 2021. We are still in the process
of developing our various brands, such as the Joya Hotel, Manxin Hotel, Starway Hotel, Hi Inn, Crystal
Orange Hotel , Orange Hotel, Blossom House, Madison Hotel brands and Ni Hao Hotel . In addition to the
hotel brands owned by us, we entered into strategic alliance transactions with Accor in January 2016,
and are developing Accor’s certain number of hotel brands in PRC, Taiwan and Mongolia under our brand
franchise agreements.


We cannot guarantee the size and profitability of the various market segments that each new brand is
targeting. The business models of these new brands are not proven and we cannot guarantee that they
can generate return comparable to the established brands. The process of developing new brands may
divert management attention and resources from our established brands. We may not be able to find
competent management staff to lead and manage the execution of the multi-brand business strategy. If
we are unable to successfully execute our multi-brand strategy to target various market segments, we
may be unable to generate revenues from these market segments in the amounts and by the times we
anticipate, or at all, and our business, competitive position, financial condition and prospects may be
adversely affected.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   149
      RISK FACTORS



      We may not be able to successfully identify, secure and develop in a timely
      fashion additional hotel properties under the lease and ownership model
      or develop hotel properties in a timely or cost-efficient manner, which may
      adversely affect our growth strategy and business.
      We plan to open more hotels to grow our business. Under our lease and ownership model (other
      than Deutsche Hospitality) and the lease model of Deutsche Hospitality, we may not be successful
      in identifying and leasing or acquiring additional hotel properties at desirable locations and on
      commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are able to successfully identify and acquire new hotel
      properties, new hotels may not generate the returns we expect. We may also incur costs in connection
      with evaluating hotel properties and negotiating with property owners, including properties that we
      are subsequently unable to lease or own. In addition, we may not be able to develop additional hotel
      properties in a timely fashion due to construction or regulatory delays. If we fail to successfully identify,
      secure or develop in a timely fashion additional hotel properties, our ability to execute our growth
      strategy could be impaired and our business and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


      We develop a substantial majority of our leased and owned hotels directly. Our involvement in the
      development of properties presents a number of risks, including construction delays or cost overruns,
      which may result in increased project costs or lost revenue. We may be unable to recover development
      costs we incur for projects that do not reach completion. Properties that we develop could become
      less attractive due to market saturation or oversupply, and as a result we may not be able to recover
      development costs at the expected rate, or at all. Furthermore, we may not have available cash
      to complete projects that we have commenced, or we may be unable to obtain financing for the
      development of future properties on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to successfully manage
      our hotel development to minimize these risks, our growth strategies and business prospects may be
      adversely affected.


      Our leases could be terminated early, we may not be able to renew our
      existing leases on commercially reasonable terms and our rents could
      increase substantially in the future, which could materially and adversely
      affect our operations.
      The lease agreements between our lessors and us typically provide, among other things, that the leases
      could be terminated under certain legal or factual conditions. If our leases were terminated early, our
      operation of such properties may be interrupted or discontinued and we may incur costs in relocating
      our operations to other locations. Furthermore, we may have to pay losses and damages and incur other
      liabilities to our customers and other vendors due to our default under our contracts. As a result, our
      business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.


      We plan to retain the operation of our leased hotels upon lease expiration through (i) renewal of existing
      leases or (ii) execution of franchise agreements with the lessors. We cannot assure you, however, that we
      will be able to retain our hotel operation on satisfactory terms, or at all. In particular, we may experience
      an increase in our rent payments and cost of revenues in connection with renegotiating our leases. If we
      fail to retain our hotel operation on satisfactory terms upon lease expiration, our costs may increase and
      our profit generated from the hotel operation may decrease in the future. If we are unable to pass the
      increased costs on to our customers through room rate increases, our operating margins and earnings
      could decrease and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.




150   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS



We may not be able to successfully compete for franchise agreements and,
as a result, we may not be able to achieve our planned growth.
Our growth strategy includes expanding through manachising and franchising, by entering into franchise
agreements with our franchisees. We believe that our ability to compete for franchise agreements
primarily depends on our brand recognition and reputation, the results of our overall operations in
general and the success of the hotels that we currently manachise and franchise. Other competitive
factors for franchise agreements include marketing support, capacity of the central reservation channel
and the ability to operate hotels cost-effectively. The terms of any new franchise agreements that we
obtain also depend on the terms that our competitors offer for those agreements. In addition, if the
availability of suitable locations for new properties decreases, or regulatory planning or other local
regulations change, the supply of suitable properties for our manachise and franchise models could be
diminished. If the hotels that we manachise or franchise perform less successfully than those of our
competitors or if we are unable to offer terms as favorable as those offered by our competitors, we may
not be able to compete effectively for new franchise agreements. As a result, we may not be able to
achieve our planned growth and our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected.


We may have disputes with our franchisees and they may terminate the
franchise agreements with us earlier if the franchised hotels’ performance is
worse than they expected.
We may have disputes with our franchisees with respect to the performance of the franchise agreements.
For example, we have in the past closed certain manachised and franchised hotels as a result of disputes
with the franchisees regarding our measures to avoid competition between the franchisees, including
keeping appropriate distances between the manachised and franchised hotels. Some franchisees were
not satisfied with the performance of the hotel managers we appointed for our manachised hotels
or generally the manachised or franchised hotels’ profitability or growth rates. Some franchisees
complained that our loyalty program and other marketing efforts did not bring sufficient customers
for their hotels. Our franchisees may also have disputes with us regarding other matters, such as the
amount and settlement of fees payable by them and the adequacy of our operational support to them.
In addition, our franchise agreements with franchisees typically provide that the franchise agreements
could be terminated under certain circumstances. If franchise agreements are terminated early, we lose
the franchise fees and related management fees. Furthermore, we may have to pay losses and damages
to our guests, and our brand image may be adversely impacted. As a result, our business and results
of operations and financial conditions may be adversely affected by early termination of our franchise
agreements.


We plan to renew our existing franchise agreements upon expiration. However, we may be unable to
retain our franchisees on satisfactory terms, or at all. If a significant number of our existing franchise
agreements are terminated early or are not renewed on satisfactory terms upon expiration, our revenue
and profit may decrease in the future. If we cannot secure new franchisees to replace those expired
or terminated franchises and compensate for the loss of business, our results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   151
      RISK FACTORS



      Acquisitions, financial investments or strategic investments may have an
      adverse effect on our ability to manage our business and harm our results of
      operations and financial condition.
      If we are presented with appropriate opportunities, we may acquire or invest in businesses or assets.
      For example, we invested in Beijing Qingpu Tourism Culture Development Co., Ltd. in 2015, in AAPC
      Hotel Management Limited, China Young Professionals Apartment Management Limited and Chengjia
      (Shanghai) Investment Co., Limited in 2016, and in Blossom Hotel Management, Oravel Stays Private
      Limited and some securities in the hotel industry in 2017. We completed the acquisition of all of the
      equity interests in Crystal Orange in May 2017. In January 2018, we announced to have formed a joint
      venture with TPG. Hitone later also invested in this joint venture. In August 2018, we completed the
      acquisition of a majority stake in Blossom Hotel Management in steps. From 2017 to 2019, we also
      acquired shares of Accor and other companies from open market, and invested in a certain number
      of hotel related funds. In January 2020, we completed the acquisition of all of the equity interests in
      Deutsche Hospitality. We also jointly established a company named Yongle Huazhu Hotel & Resort Group
      with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunac China Holdings Limited (“Sunac”) and Chengdu Global Times
      Exhibition and Travel Development Company Limited to develop and operate hotels. We will provide hotel
      operational services to the joint venture and the joint venture will develop and operate hotels under the
      brands of Blossom House, Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts and Sunac’s own brands.


      The existing and future acquisitions or investments may expose us to potential risks, including risks
      associated with unforeseen or hidden liabilities, risks that acquired or invested companies will not
      achieve anticipated performance levels, diversion of management attention and resources from
      our existing business, difficulty in integrating the acquired businesses with our existing operational
      infrastructure, and inability to generate sufficient revenues to offset the costs and expenses of
      acquisitions or investments. In addition, following completion of an acquisition or investment, our
      management and resources may be diverted from their core business activities due to the integration
      process, which diversion may harm the effective management of our business. Furthermore, it may not
      be possible to achieve the expected level of benefits after integration and the actual cost of delivering
      such benefits may exceed the anticipated cost. Potential risk exposures associated with acquisition
      or investments, difficulties in business integration, requirements of cost, expenses and management
      attention may be more severe and unpredictable if international acquisitions and investments are
      involved. Any difficulties encountered in the acquisition or investment and integration process may
      have an adverse effect on our ability to manage our business and harm our results of operations
      and financial condition. In addition, if we purchase shares from the open market, we may experience
      volatility in our investments as the prices of such shares fluctuate frequently. For example, we incurred
      unrealized loss from fair value changes of equity securities associated with shares we purchased from
      the open market in the past. If a financial or strategic investment is unsuccessful, then in addition to
      the diversion of management attention and resources from our existing business we may lose the value
      of our investment, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
      operations.




152   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS



Our legal right to lease certain properties could be challenged or affected
adversely by property owners or other third parties or subject to government
regulation.
A substantial part of our business model relies on leases with third parties who either own or lease the
properties from the ultimate property owners. We also grant franchises to hotel operators who may
or may not own their hotel properties. The land use rights and other property rights with respect to
properties we currently lease, manachise or franchise for our existing hotels could be challenged. For
example, our lessors have failed to provide the property ownership certificates and/or the land use rights
certificates for certain properties that we lease for our hotel operations. While we have performed due
diligence to verify the rights of our lessors to lease such properties, including inspecting documentation
issued by competent regulatory authorities evidencing these lessors’ land use rights and other property
rights with respect to these properties, our rights under those leases could be challenged by other parties
including regulatory authorities. If the properties are deemed to be illegal constructions or the landlords
do not have the rights to lease the properties to us for hotel operations purposes, the landlords (instead
of us, as the lessee) may be subject to monetary penalties and the lease agreements may be invalidated.
We may therefore be required to relocate our relevant hotels. We also cannot assure you that we can
always keep good title of the properties we lease currently or will lease in the future, free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances and defects. If the ultimate owner of the property changes after the original owner
of such property mortgages such property to any third party, our legal rights under the lease agreement
may be affected adversely and we may not rank senior in the right of continuing occupying the property.


Under PRC law, lease agreements related to buildings and houses constructed on state-owned land and
within urban zoning areas are required to be registered with the local housing bureau. While the majority
of our standard lease agreements require the lessors to make such registrations, some of our leases
have not been registered as required, which may expose both our lessors and us to potential monetary
fines. Some of our rights under the unregistered leases may also be subordinated to the rights of other
interested third parties. In addition, in some instances where our immediate lessors are not the ultimate
owners of hotel properties, no consents or permits have been obtained from the owners, the primary
lease holders or competent regulatory authorities, as applicable, for the subleases of the hotel properties
to us, which could potentially impact the enforceability of our leases or lead to the renegotiation of such
leases that result in terms less favorable to us or even relocation of our relevant hotels. In addition,
even if such aforementioned consents or permits have been obtained, we cannot rule out any possible
default by our immediate lessors (as sub-lessors) to the primary lease holders, which may lead to the
termination of lease agreements between the sub-lessors and the primary lease holders. As a result,
it could render the lease agreements between us and the sub-lessors unenforceable. Some of the
properties we lease from third parties were also subject to mortgages at the time the leases were signed.
Where consent to the lease has not been obtained from the mortgage holder in such circumstances,
the lease may not be binding on the transferee of the property if the mortgage holder forecloses on the
mortgage and transfers the property. Moreover, the property ownership or leasehold in connection with
our manachised and franchised hotels could be subject to similar third-party challenges.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   153
      RISK FACTORS


      In Germany, our hotels are operated on the legal basis of lease, management or franchise agreements.
      Some agreements for hotels located in Germany are concluded subject to conditions precedent or
      require a consent by a third party, such as authorities in case of local measurement areas (for example,
      re-development) or ground owners in case of a hereditary building right. There are no indications that
      these requirements have not been fulfilled; however, if not met, failure to meet these requirements could
      potentially invalidate the respective agreements or lead to the renegotiation of these agreements which
      could result in less favorable terms. Furthermore, provisions or parts of lease, management or franchise
      agreements may not be effective or may lead to legal disputes. This could lead to additional cost burdens
      for our hotel operations. In addition, some of our leases, management or franchise agreements contain
      break rights and rescission rights entitling the landlords to terminate the agreements on a certain date
      or upon the occurrence of certain events. Further, in case of a fixed lease period of more than one year,
      German law provides for a written-form requirement regarding material terms of leases and therefore
      excludes an ordinary termination right prior to the lapse of the lease period. However, in case of a
      written-form defect, the lease agreement is not considered void but will be deemed to have an unlimited
      lease period with an ordinary termination right by law. Some of our leases may have a written-form
      defect, which effectively leads to a statutory termination right with a notice period. Such legal notice –
      in general – has to be given at the beginning of a calendar quarter with the termination being effective
      at the end of the following calendar quarter (i.e. the notice period is between six and nine months,
      depending on the date of the termination notice). Similar issues, except for the written-form defect, may
      occur in connection with our managed and franchised hotels.


      Any challenge to our legal rights to the properties used for our hotel operations, if successful, could
      impair the development or operations of our hotels in such properties. We are also subject to the risk of
      potential disputes with property owners or third parties who otherwise have rights to or interests in our
      hotel properties. Such disputes, whether resolved in our favor or not, may divert management’s attention,
      harm our reputation or otherwise disrupt our business.


      Any failure to comply with land- and property-related PRC laws and
      regulations may negatively affect our ability to operate our hotels and we
      may suffer significant losses as a result.
      Our lessors are required to comply with various land – and property-related laws and regulations
      to enable them to lease effective titles of their properties for our hotel use. For example, before any
      properties located on state-owned land in China with allocated or leased land use rights or on land
      owned by collective organizations may be leased to third parties, lessors should obtain appropriate
      approvals from the competent regulatory authorities. In addition, properties used for hotel operations
      and the underlying land should be approved for commercial use purposes by competent regulatory
      authorities. Some of the lessors of our executed lease agreements have not obtained the required
      regulatory approvals, including approvals of the properties for commercial use purposes. Such failure
      may subject the lessors to monetary fines or other penalties and may lead to the invalidation or
      termination of our leases and relocation of our relevant hotels, and therefore may adversely affect our
      results of operations. While some lessors have agreed to indemnify us against our losses resulting from
      their failure to obtain the required approvals, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully
      enforce such indemnification obligations against our lessors or that such indemnification can cover
      losses from all the property defects. As a result, we may suffer significant losses resulting from our
      lessors’ failure to obtain required approvals to the extent that we are not fully indemnified by our lessors.



154   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS



Our success could be adversely affected by the performance of our
manachised and franchised hotels and defaults or wrongdoings of our
franchisees may affect our reputation, which would adversely affect our
results of operations.
Our success could be adversely affected by the performance of our manachised and franchised hotels,
over which we have less control compared to our leased and owned hotels. As of December 31, 2022,
we manachised and franchised approximately 91.8% of our hotels, and we plan to further increase
the number of manachised and franchised hotels to increase our presence in China and our overseas
markets. Our franchisees for both our manachised and franchised hotels may not be able to develop
hotel properties on a timely basis, which could adversely affect our growth strategy and may impact our
ability to collect fees from them on a timely basis. Furthermore, given that our franchisees are typically
responsible for the costs of developing and operating the hotels, including renovating the hotels to
our standards, and all of the operating expenses, the quality of our manachised and franchised hotel
operations may be diminished by factors beyond our control.


Our franchisees may not successfully operate hotels in a manner consistent with our standards and
requirements. Our manachised and franchised hotels are also operated under our brand names. If
our brands are misused by any of our franchisees, there may be an adverse impact on our business
reputation and brand image. In addition, like any operators in service-oriented industries, we are subject
to customer complaints and we may face complaints from unsatisfied customers who are unhappy
with the standard of service offered by our franchisees. Any complaints, regardless of their nature and
validity, may affect our reputation, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations. We may also
have to incur additional costs in placating any customers or salvaging our reputation. For example, in
2022, we closed 149 manachised and franchised hotels that did not comply with our brand and operating
standards.


If any of our franchisees defaults or commits wrongdoing, there could be situations where the franchisee
is not in a position to sufficiently compensate us for losses which we have suffered as a result of such
defaults or wrongdoings. While we ultimately can take action to terminate our franchise agreements that
do not comply with the terms of our franchise agreements or commit wrongdoing, we may not be able
to identify problems and make timely responses and, as a result, our image and reputation may suffer,
which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.


If we are unable to access funds to maintain our hotels’ condition and
appearance, or if our franchisees fail to make investments necessary to
maintain or improve their properties, the attractiveness of our hotels and
our reputation could suffer and our hotel occupancy rates may decline.
In order to maintain our hotels’ condition and appearance, ongoing renovations and other leasehold
improvements, including periodic replacement of furniture, fixtures and equipment, are required. In
particular, we manachise and franchise properties leased or owned by franchisees under the terms
of franchise agreements, substantially all of which require our franchisees to comply with standards
that are essential to maintaining the relevant product integrity and our reputation. We depend on
our franchisees to comply with these requirements by maintaining and improving properties through
investments, including investments in furniture, fixtures, amenities and personnel.



                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   155
      RISK FACTORS


      Such investments and expenditures require ongoing funding and, to the extent we or our franchisees
      cannot fund these expenditures from existing cash or cash flow generated from operations, we or our
      franchisees must borrow or raise capital through financing. We or our franchisees may not be able to
      access capital and our franchisees may be unwilling to spend available capital when necessary, even
      if required by the terms of our franchise agreements. If we or our franchisees fail to make investments
      necessary to maintain or improve the properties, our hotel’s attractiveness and reputation could suffer,
      we could lose market share to our competitors and our hotel occupancy rates and RevPAR may decline.


      Interruption or failure of our information systems or our business partners’
      systems could impair our ability to effectively provide our services, which
      could damage our reputation and subject us to penalties.
      Our ability to provide consistent and high-quality services and to monitor our operations on a real-time
      basis throughout our hotel group depends on the continued operation of our information technology
      systems, including our web property management, central reservation and customer relationship
      management systems. Certain damage to or failure of our systems could interrupt our inventory
      management, affect the manner of our services in terms of efficiency, consistency and quality, and
      reduce our customer satisfaction.


      Our technology platform plays a central role in our management of inventory, revenues, loyalty
      program and franchisees. We also rely on our call center and mobile application to facilitate customer
      reservations. Our systems remain vulnerable to damage or interruption as a result of power loss,
      telecommunications failures, computer viruses, fires, floods, earthquakes, interruptions in access to our
      toll-free numbers, hacking or other attempts to harm our systems, and other similar events. Our servers,
      which are maintained in Shanghai, may also be vulnerable to break-ins, sabotage and vandalism. Some
      of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning does not account for all
      possible scenarios.


      Furthermore, our systems and technologies, including our website and database, could contain
      undetected errors or “bugs” that could adversely affect their performance, or could become outdated
      and we may not be able to replace or introduce upgraded systems as quickly as our competitors or within
      budgeted costs for such upgrades. If we experience frequent, prolonged or persistent system failures,
      our quality of services, customer satisfaction, and operational efficiency could be severely harmed, which
      could also adversely affect our reputation. Steps we take to increase the reliability and redundancy of
      our systems may be costly, which could reduce our operating margin, and there can be no assurance that
      any increased reliability may be achievable in practice or would justify the costs incurred.


      In addition, we collaborate with various business partners in our day-to-day operations, and our ability
      to provide satisfactory services to customers also depends on the maintenance and efficacy of such
      business partners’ systems, such as the maintenance of networks with necessary speed, bandwidth, and
      stability. If any of our business partners’ systems encounter errors, “bugs” or other problems, our ability
      to effectively provide our services may be adversely affected, our reputation may be harmed, and we may
      also face customer complaints and be subject to fines and other penalties from competent authorities.




156   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS



Failure to comply with data protection laws or maintain the integrity of
internal or customer data could result in harm to our reputation or subject
us to costs, liabilities, fines or lawsuits.
Our business involves collecting and retaining large volumes of internal and customer data, including
personal information as our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and
report such data. We also maintain information about various aspects of our operations as well as
regarding our employees. The integrity and protection of our customer, employee and company data
is critical to our business. Our customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their
personal information. We are required by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal
information that we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard such information.


The PRC regulatory and enforcement regime regarding privacy and data security is evolving and
tightening:


•     The PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and
      Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies and their
      employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen’s personal information obtained
      during the course of performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through
      theft or other illegal ways.


•     On November 7, 2016, the Standing Committee of the PRC National People’s Congress, or the NPC
      Standing Committee, issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, which became effective on June 1,
      2017. Pursuant to the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, network operators must not, without users’
      consent, collect their personal information, and may only collect users’ personal information
      necessary to provide their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security maintenance for
      their products and services and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection of personal
      information as stipulated under the relevant laws and regulations. In addition, pursuant to the
      Cyber Security Law of the PRC, personal information and important data collected and generated
      by a critical information infrastructure operator in the course of its operations in China must be
      stored in China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases internet products
      and services that affects or may affect national security, it should be subject to cybersecurity
      review by the Cyberspace Administration of China, or the CAC.


•     In June 2021, the NPC Standing Committee promulgated the Data Security Law of the PRC,
      which took effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law of the PRC applies to data handling
      activities carried out within the territory of the PRC. The Data Security Law of the PRC further




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   157
      RISK FACTORS


             provides that data processing activities carried out outside of China, which harm national
             security, public interest or legal interests of Chinese citizens and organizations, should be
             subject to legal liabilities. Pursuant to the Data Security Law of the PRC, those conducting data
             handling activities should, in accordance with laws and regulations, establish and perfect a data
             security management system across their entire workflow and adopt the corresponding technical
             measures and other necessary measures to ensure data security.


      •      The Civil Code of the PRC (effective since January 1, 2021) provides the main legal basis for privacy
             and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws.


      •      The Personal Information Protection Law, which took effect on November 1, 2021, outlines the
             main system framework and comprehensive requirements for personal information processing.


      •      On July 2, 2020, the CAC announced that it had launched a cybersecurity review of DiDi Global, a
             company with its principal operations in China that had recently listed on the NASDAQ to prevent
             the risk of national data security breach and protect national security and public interest. The CAC
             then ordered the removal of DiDi’s app from China’s smartphone app stores. On July 5, 2021, the
             CAC announced the commencement of cybersecurity review of “Yunmanman,” “Huochebang” and
             “BOSS Zhipin” and suspended their registration of new users.


      •      On July 30, 2021, the State Council promulgated the Regulations on the Security Protection
             of Critical Information Infrastructure, which came into effect on September 1, 2021. Under
             such Regulations, critical crucial infrastructure refers to the important network facilities
             and information systems in crucial industries and fields such as public telecommunications,
             information services, energy, transportation, water conservancy, finance, public services,
             e-government and national defense science, technology and industry, as well as other important
             network facilities and information systems which, in case of destruction, loss of function or
             leak of data, may result in serious damage to national security, national economy, the people’s
             livelihood and public interests. According to such Regulations, a CIIO is required to perform certain
             obligations to protect the critical information infrastructure’s security, including but not limited
             to, conducting network security tests and risk assessments at least once a year. The security
             protection departments are responsible for organizing the identification of CIIOs in their respective
             industries and areas in accordance with the identification rules, and shall inform the identification
             results to the operators of network facilities and information systems in a timely manner and in
             the meanwhile report such results to the public security department of the State Council. As of the
             date of this annual report, none of our company, or our operating subsidiaries has been identified
             as a CIIO by the CAC or other PRC regulatory authorities. Nevertheless, PRC regulatory authorities
             have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws. As a hotel management
             group operating a large hotel booking internet, we are still exposed to risks of being deemed to be
             a CIIO. If we are identified as a CIIO, we would be required to fulfill various obligations as required
             under applicable PRC laws for CIIOs, including, among others, setting up a special security
             management organization, organizing regular cybersecurity education and training, formulating
             emergency plans for cyber security incidents, and conducting regular emergency drills.




158   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


•   In December 2021, the CAC and related authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review
    Measures, or the Cybersecurity Measures, which took effect on February 15, 2022. According
    to the Cybersecurity Measures, a company is subject to cybersecurity review if it affects or may
    affect national security and falls under any of the following circumstances: (i) it is a critical
    information infrastructure operator who purchases network products and service, or (ii) it is a
    network platform operator who carries out data processing activities. In addition, any network
    platform operator possessing over one million users’ personal information must apply for a
    cybersecurity review before listing abroad. Relevant PRC regulatory authorities may also initiate
    cybersecurity review if they determine certain network products, services, or data processing
    activities affect or may affect national security.


•   On July 7, 2022, the CAC issued the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data Cross-border
    Transfer, or the Security Assessment Measures, which became effective on September 1, 2022. In
    accordance with the Security Assessment Measures, a data processor should apply to the CAC for
    a security assessment under certain circumstances, including (i) where a data processor provides
    important data abroad; (ii) where a critical information infrastructure operator or a data processor
    processing personal information of over one million people provides personal information abroad;
    (iii) where a data processor has provided personal information of 100,000 people or sensitive
    personal information of 10,000 people in total abroad since January 1 of the previous year; and
    (iv) other circumstances prescribed by the CAC. Moreover, the Security Assessment Measures
    provide that for non-compliant cross-border data transfers that had been carried out before this
    regulation came into effect, rectification must be completed within six months from the effective
    date of the regulation.


•   On September 12, 2022, the Standing Committee of the PRC National People’s Congress
    promulgated the Draft Amendment to Cyber Security Law of the PRC for public comments.
    Pursuant to the draft amendment, the CAC imposed more severe and comprehensive fines and
    other penalties for the offences under CSL, among others, the director, supervisor, or senior
    executive of a company that is in violation of CSL would be prohibited from continuing to serve as
    a director, supervisor, or senior executive of that company.


•   On February 22, 2023, the CAC issued the Measures for the Standard Contract for Outbound
    Transfer of Personal Information, which will become effective on June 1, 2023. Pursuant to such
    regulation, entering into a CAC-formulated Standard Contract with the overseas data recipient is
    a pre-requisite for a data processor to transfer data abroad, if such data processor meets all of
    the following conditions: (i) it is not a CIIO; (ii) it processes personal information of fewer than one
    million individuals; (iii) it has cumulatively transferred personal information of fewer than 100,000
    individuals abroad since January 1 of the previous year; and (iv) it has cumulatively transferred
    sensitive personal information of fewer than 10,000 individuals abroad since January 1 of the
    previous year. Within ten (10) working days after the Standard Contract takes effect, the data
    processor should file the executed Standard Contract with the CAC.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   159
      RISK FACTORS


      We have implemented comprehensive cybersecurity and data protection policies, procedures and
      measures to safeguard personal information and ensure secured storage and transmission of data and
      prevent unauthorized access or use of data. As of the date of this annual report, except for receiving the
      confirmation from CAC regarding our assessment filing of cross-border data transmission, we have not
      received any notice of and are not currently subject to any proceedings initiated by the CAC or any other
      PRC regulatory authority. However, we cannot guarantee that the regulators will agree with us. As there
      remains significant uncertainty in the interpretation and enforcement of China’s laws and regulations in
      relation to data security and cross-border transfer of personal information, we cannot assure you that
      we will be able to comply with such regulations in all respects. Any non-compliance with these laws and
      regulations may subject us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed illegal
      by regulatory authorities, other penalties, including reputational damage, legal proceedings against us,
      which may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


      PRC regulators, including the NPC Standing Committee, the CAC, the Ministry of Industry and Information
      Technology and the Ministry of Public Security, have been increasingly focused on the regulation of data
      security and data protection. The interpretation, application and enforcement of these laws, rules and
      regulations evolve from time to time and their scope may change continually through new legislation,
      amendments to existing legislation and changes in enforcement. We expect that these areas will receive
      greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public going forward, which could
      cause us to incur substantial compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges
      associated with data security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become
      subject to civil litigation brought by relevant individuals; administrative penalties, including fines,
      suspension of business, website closure, and revocation of prerequisite licenses; and our reputation and
      results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.




160   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


In addition, after our acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality, the European Union has become an important
region for our data protection compliance. European data protection laws, in particular the Regulation
(EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing
of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (GDPR)
(complemented by EU Member States Law on data protection such as the German Federal Data
Protection Act), include strict rules on the processing of personal data, including the transfer of data
from the European Union to China. Under the GDPR, any personal data may be used only if there is a
legal justification (which could be a consent or an express statutory justification set out in the GDPR or
other applicable EU laws), and the use must be restricted to legitimate purposes. Deutsche Hospitality
has taken various technical and organizational measures, which are regularly reviewed and updated,
to stay compliant, including appointment of a data protection officer and a special data protection
working group, regulation of data processes, risk management assessment, preparation of relevant
documentation and training. We also put high emphasis on proper dealing with data subject rights
requests, i.e. the requests of customers, employees and other natural persons regarding our use of their
data. We, including Deutsche Hospitality, take GDPR requirements and, in particular, data subject rights
requests very seriously. However, we cannot guarantee that we are fully compliant in this complex area
where many items are still unclear. This includes, in particular, international data transfers which have
become even more complex and unclear under the Judgment of the European Court of Justice of 16 July
2020 (C-311/18 Data Protection Commissioner v Facebook Ireland Limited and Maximillian Schrems).
Theoretically, fines for a violation of the GDPR can amount up to 4% of the global turnover of the whole
group.


There is no guarantee that our current security measures and those of our third-party service providers
may always be adequate for the protection of our customer, employee or company data; and like all
companies, we have experienced data incidents from time to time. In addition, given the size of our
customer base and the types and volume of personal data on our system, we may be a particularly
attractive target. Unauthorized access to our proprietary internal and customer data may be obtained
through break-ins, sabotage, breach of our secure network by an unauthorized party, computer viruses,
computer denial-of-service attacks, employee theft or misuse, breach of the security of the networks
of our third-party service providers, or other misconduct. Because the techniques used by computer
programmers who may attempt to penetrate and sabotage our proprietary internal and customer data
change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to
anticipate these techniques. Unauthorized access to our proprietary internal and customer data may
also be obtained through inadequate use of security controls. For instance, in August 2018, online
reports alleged that we had become the subject of potential information leak and a proposed class action
complaint was filed against us and our management, which was voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiffs
in February 2019. We may face similar litigation in the future. Any of such proceedings may harm our
reputation and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Besides proceedings, we may
be subject to negative publicity about our security and privacy policies, systems, or measurements from
time to time.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   161
      RISK FACTORS


      The laws and regulations applicable to security and privacy are becoming increasingly important globally.
      Complying with any additional or new regulatory requirements on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis
      would impose significant burdens and costs on our operations. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security
      breaches, cyber-attacks or other unauthorized access to our systems or disclosure of our customers’
      data, including their personal information, could result in loss or misuse of such data, interruptions to
      our service system, diminished customer experience, loss of customer confidence and trust, impairment
      of our technology infrastructure, and harm our reputation and business, resulting in significant legal and
      financial exposure and potential lawsuits.


      If the value of our brand or image diminishes, it could have a material
      adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
      We offer multiple hotel products that are designed to target distinct segments of customers. Our
      continued success in maintaining and enhancing our brands and image depends, to a large extent, on
      our ability to satisfy customer needs by further developing and maintaining our innovative and distinctive
      products and maintaining consistent quality of services across our hotel group, as well as our ability
      to respond to competitive pressures. If we are unable to do so, our occupancy rates may decline, which
      could in turn adversely affect our results of operations. Our business may also be adversely affected if
      our public image or reputation were to be diminished by the operations of any of our hotels, whether due
      to unsatisfactory service, accidents or otherwise. If the value of our products or image is diminished or if
      our products do not continue to be attractive to customers, our business and results of operations may
      be materially and adversely affected.


      Failure to protect our tradenames and trademarks as well as other
      intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our brands and
      adversely affect our business.
      The success of our business depends in part upon our continued ability to use our brands, trade names
      and trademarks to increase brand awareness and to further develop our products. The unauthorized
      reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our brands and their market acceptance,
      competitive advantages or goodwill. In addition, we consider our proprietary information systems and
      operational system to be key components of our competitive advantage and our growth strategy. As
      of December 31, 2022, we had received copyright registration certificates for 153 software programs
      developed by us. However, none of our other proprietary information systems have been patented,
      copyrighted or otherwise registered as our intellectual property.


      Monitoring and preventing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. The measures
      we take to protect our brands, trade names, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not
      be adequate to prevent their unauthorized use by third parties. Furthermore, the application of laws
      governing intellectual property rights in China and other jurisdictions is evolving and could involve
      substantial risks to us. In particular, the laws and enforcement procedures in the PRC are uncertain and
      do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws and enforcement procedures
      in the United States and other developed countries. If we are unable to adequately protect our brands,
      trade names, trademarks and other intellectual property rights, we may lose these rights and our
      business may suffer materially.




162   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                         RISK FACTORS


We may also be subject to claims for infringement, invalidity, or indemnification relating to third parties’
intellectual property rights. Regardless of their merits, such third party claims may be time-consuming
and costly to defend, divert management attention and resources, or require us to enter into licensing
agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.


If we are not able to retain, hire and train qualified managerial and other
employees, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
Our managerial and other employees manage our hotels and interact with our customers on a daily basis.
They are critical to maintaining the quality and consistency of our services as well as our established
brands and reputation. In general, employee turnover, especially in lower-level positions, is relatively
high in the lodging industry. As a result, it is important for us to retain as well as attract qualified
managerial and other employees who are experienced in lodging or other consumer-service industries.
There is a limited supply of such qualified individuals in cities where we have operations and other cities
into which we intend to expand. In addition, we need to hire qualified managerial and other employees on
a timely basis to keep pace with our rapid growth while maintaining consistent quality of services across
our hotels in various geographic locations. We must also provide training to our managerial and other
employees so that they have up-to-date knowledge of various aspects of our hotel operations and can
meet our demand for high-quality services. If we fail to do so, the quality of our services may decrease,
which in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business.


Our current employment practices may be adversely impacted under the
applicable labor laws.
The PRC National People’s Congress promulgated the Labor Contract Law of the PRC (the “Labor Contract
Law”) in 2007, which took effect in 2008, and amended it on December 28, 2012. The Labor Contract Law
imposes requirements concerning, among others, the execution of written contracts between employers
and employees, the time limits for probationary periods, and the length of fixed-term employment
contracts. Because the PRC regulatory authorities have introduced various new labor-related regulations
since the effectiveness of the labor contract law, and the interpretation and implementation of these
regulations are still evolving, our employment practices could violate the Labor Contract Law and
related regulations and could be subject to related penalties, fines or legal fees. If we are subject to
severe penalties or incur significant legal fees in connection with labor law disputes or investigations,
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, a
significant number of our employees are dispatched from third-party human resources companies, which
are responsible for managing, among others, payrolls, social insurance contributions and local residency
permits of these employees. According to a regulation on labor dispatch, which was promulgated in
January 2014 to implement the provisions of the labor contract law, a company is permitted to use
dispatched employees for only up to 10% of its labor force after February 29, 2016. To comply with the
labor dispatch regulation, we have reduced the percentage of dispatched employees since January 2014
by using service outsourcing arrangement. Under the service outsourcing arrangement, we have entered
into service outsourcing agreements with a service outsourcing firm and relevant employees are deemed
as employees of this service outsourcing firm. However, since the current labor dispatch regulation
does not clearly define the distinction of labor dispatch and service outsourcing, our service outsourcing
arrangement may be considered as labor dispatch by the relevant PRC regulators.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   163
      RISK FACTORS


      In addition, according to the Labor Contract Law and its implementing rules, if we intend to enforce the
      non-compete provision with our employees in the employment contracts or confidentiality agreements,
      we have to compensate our employees on a monthly basis during the term of the restriction period after
      the termination or ending of the employment contract, which may cause extra expenses to us.


      In Germany, our business is subject to various labor-related statutory regulations. For example, there
      are restrictions regarding the assignment and use of temporary agency workers under the German
      Temporary Agency Work Act (Arbeitnehmerüberlassungsgesetz) which was substantially amended with
      effect from April 1, 2017. The interpretation of the amended regulations is still evolving. It is possible that
      we may be responsible for non-compliant assignments of temporary-agency workers, even if the root
      cause of the non-compliance lies with the temporary-work agency engaged by us. We could therefore be
      subject to related fines or temporary-agency workers could be deemed to be our employees by fiction.
      If we are subject to severe fines or incur significant legal fees in connection with labor law disputes or
      investigations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.


      In addition, our employment practices in other jurisdictions are also subject to changes in applicable
      labor law. If we are found to have violated any other applicable labor law requirements, we may be
      subject to fines or other penalties, which could in turn negatively affect our reputation and results of
      operations, and disputes with our employees could interrupt our business operations.


      Failure to retain our management team could harm our business.
      We place substantial reliance on the experience and the institutional knowledge of members of our
      current management team. Mr. Qi Ji, our founder and chairman of the board, Mr. Hui Jin, our chief
      executive officer, Ms. Xinxin Liu, our president, Ms. Jihong He, our chief financial officer, and other
      members of the management team are particularly important to our future success due to their
      substantial experiences in lodging and other consumer-service industries. Finding suitable replacements
      for Mr. Qi Ji, Mr. Hui Jin, Ms. Xinxin Liu, Ms. Jihong He and other members of our management team
      could be difficult, and competition for such personnel of similar experience is intense. The loss of the
      services of one or more members of our management team due to their departures or otherwise could
      hinder our ability to effectively manage our business and implement our growth strategies.




164   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS



We are subject to various laws and regulations, including franchise, hotel
industry, construction, hygiene, health and safety environmental, anti-
monopoly and advertising laws and regulations that may subject us to
liability.
Our business is subject to various compliance and operational requirements under PRC laws. For
example, we are required to complete the filing and submit annual reports with, the PRC Ministry of
Commerce, or the MOC, to engage in the hotel franchising business. In addition, each of our hotels
in China is required to obtain a special industry license from the local public security authority and
complete fire prevention safety inspection/commitment with the local fire and rescue department, to
have hotel operations included in the business scope of its business license, to obtain hygiene permits,
and to comply with license requirements and laws and regulations with respect to construction permit,
zoning, fire prevention, public area hygiene, food safety, public safety and environmental protection. We
are also subject to anti-monopoly, advertising and other laws and regulations. See “Business Overview
– Regulation – Regulations on Hotel Operation.” If we fail to comply with any applicable construction,
hygiene, health and safety, environmental, fire prevention and advertising laws and regulations related to
our business, we may be subject to potentially significant monetary damages and fines or the suspension
of our operations or development activities. Furthermore, new regulations could also require us to retrofit
or modify our hotels or incur other significant expenses.


New zoning plans or regulations applicable to a specific location may cause us to relocate our hotel(s)
in that location, or require additional approvals and licenses that may not be granted to us promptly
or at all, which may adversely affect our operating results. Any failure by us to control the use of, or to
adequately restrict the discharge of, hazardous substances in our development activities, or to otherwise
operate in compliance with environmental laws could also subject us to potentially significant monetary
damages and fines or the suspension of our hotel development activities or hotel operations, which
could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Some of our hotels
are not in full compliance with all of the applicable requirements. Such failure to comply with applicable
construction permit, environmental, fire prevention, health and safety laws and regulations related to
our business and hotel operation may subject us to potentially significant monetary damages and fines
or the suspension of operations and development activities of our company or related hotels. We could
be subject to any challenges or other actions with respect to such non-compliance.


Our manachised and franchised hotels are subject to these same permit and safety requirements.
Although our franchise agreements require these fanchisees to obtain and maintain all required permits
or licenses, we have limited control over these fanchisees. Any failure to obtain and maintain the
required permits or licenses by any fanchisees of a manachised or franchised hotel may require us to
delay opening of the manachised or franchised hotel or to forgo or terminate our franchise agreement,
which could harm our brand, result in lost revenues and subject us to potential indirect liability.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   165
      RISK FACTORS


      In particular, the implementation of our strategy of investing in a competing business could be adversely
      affected by uncertainties in the implementation and enforcement of the amended PRC Anti-Monopoly
      Law, which came into effect on August 1, 2022. Under the Anti-Monopoly Law, any mergers, acquisitions,
      establishment of joint ventures, or other transactions resulting in change of control may be deemed
      as “concentrations of undertakings” in China and the relevant undertaking(s) must notify the State
      Administration for Market Regulation, or the SAMR, with the transaction before implementing the
      transaction if certain turnover thresholds are met. The SAMR will consider numerous factors in
      determining “control” based. In practice, any newly established joint venture under the joint control of at
      least two undertakings also constitutes a concentration of undertakings. Because of the uncertainties
      in interpretation, implementation, and enforcement of the Anti-Monopoly Law, we cannot assure you
      that the SAMR will not regard our past or future acquisitions or investments, to have met the filing
      thresholds, or investigate or demand a filing for merger control review, or otherwise take enforcement
      actions. The amended Anti-Monopoly Law has significantly increased the penalties for failing to notify
      with SAMR. On March 24, 2023, the SAMR issued four implementing rules of the Anti-Monopoly Law,
      including the Provisions on the Review of Concentration of Undertakings, which has come into effect on
      April 15, 2023. The new implementing rules strengthen the enforcement of merger control reviews but
      still remain silent on the specific factors to be considered in determination of “control”, which gives the
      SAMR great discretion and may result in investigations into our acquisition or investment transactions
      conducted in the past and make our acquisition transactions in the future more difficult. Our strategic
      investments, including our past and future transactions, may be subject to SAMR’s scrutiny from the
      anti-monopoly perspective from time to time. There can be no assurance as to whether the SAMR will
      impose any administrative penalties or other restrictive measures on us or any relevant parties for our
      strategic investments. If we are deemed to have carried out a concentration of undertakings in violation
      of the Anti-Monopoly Law, in each incident, we could be subject to a fine of up to RMB5,000,000 where
      such concentration does not have the effect of excluding or restricting competition, or penalties of
      being ordered to cease the concentration and unwind the transaction and being imposed with other
      restrictive measures to restore the pre-concentration market status, or be subject to a fine of up to 10%
      of our sales revenue from the previous year where such concentration has had or may have the effect of
      excluding or restricting competition. Our businesses in Europe and other jurisdictions are also subject
      to local anti-monopoly requirements and the business activities have to comply with various compliance
      and operational requirements, including inter alia, regulations for customer and data protection, as well
      as regulations with respect to health, safety and fire protection and hygiene requirements. Compliance
      with these regulations and adaptions to new regulations could potentially increase the cost of operating
      our business and lead to additional expenses.


      Our businesses in Europe and other jurisdictions are subject to similar requirements and the business
      activities have to comply with various compliance and operational requirements, including inter alia
      regulations for customer and data protection, as well as regulations with respect to health, safety and
      fire protection and hygiene requirements. Compliance with these regulations and adaptions to new
      regulations could potentially disturb our business and lead to additional expenses.




166   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



We could suffer impairment losses for our intangible assets.
We had net intangible assets of RMB5,385 million and RMB5,278 million (US$765 million) as of December
31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Our intangible assets consist primarily of brand names, master brand
agreements, non-compete agreements, franchise or manachise agreements and our purchased software.


Brand names and master brand agreements are considered to have indefinite lives. We test indefinite
life intangible assets at least annually for impairment, and more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Our other intangible assets are considered to
be finite life intangible assets. We evaluate finite life intangibles for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. If
such an adverse event occurs and has the effect of changing one of the critical assumptions or estimates
related to the fair value of our intangible assets, an impairment charge could result.


We recorded impairment loss of RMB245 million and RMB170 million (US$25 million) for the years ended
December 31,2021 and 2022, respectively. The extent, magnitude and duration of COVID-19 and other
factors, such as market conditions, changes in business factors and adjustments to our strategies, may
change the assumptions and estimates used in the indefinite life intangible assets valuation, which could
result in future impairment charges. There can be no assurance that future reviews of intangible assets
will not result in significant impairment charges. Although it does not affect cash flow, an impairment
charge will have the effect of decreasing our earnings, assets and shareholders’ equity.


We may suffer impairment losses for our goodwill.
We have acquired businesses from time to time, which have resulted in the recognition of goodwill on our
financial statements. We had goodwill of RMB5,132 million and RMB5,195 million (US$753 million) as of
December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently
if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. Factors that could lead to
impairment of goodwill include significant adverse changes in the business climate, unanticipated
changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes
in clients’ perception and the reputation of our brands, changes in interest rates, unfavorable changes in
our stock price and market capitalization, and deterioration in our financial condition.


Due to the negative impact of COVID-19, we incurred goodwill impairment loss of RMB437 million in
2020, which was related to legacy DH. We did not recognize any goodwill impairment in 2021 or 2022.
However, as the extent, magnitude and duration of COVID-19 is still uncertain, we may need to change
our assumption, which could result in future impairment charges.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   167
      RISK FACTORS



      Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by
      epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other
      catastrophes.
      Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by epidemics, adverse weather
      conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophes, particularly in locations where we operate a large
      number of hotels.


      Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of swine influenza, avian
      influenza, severe acute respiratory syndrome, COVID-19 or other epidemics. The whole world has
      suffered from the impact of COVID-19. Any prolonged recurrence of such contagious disease or other
      adverse public health developments in China, Europe and other countries and regions may have a
      material adverse effect on our operations. For example, if any of our employees or customers are
      suspected of having contracted any contagious disease while he or she has worked or stayed in our
      hotels, we may under certain circumstances be required to quarantine our employees that are affected
      and the affected areas of our premises. Any contraction by our employees or customers could also affect
      the safety reputation of the relevant hotels, which in turn could undermine customers’ willingness to stay
      in such hotels.


      In recent years, there have also been reports on the occurrences of avian influenza in various parts
      of China, Europe and other countries and regions that we operate, including hundreds of confirmed
      human deaths. Any prolonged recurrence of such contagious disease or other adverse public health
      developments in China, Europe and other countries and regions that we operate may have a material
      adverse effect on our operations. For example, if any of our employees or customers is suspected of
      having contracted any contagious disease while he or she has worked or stayed in our hotels, we may
      under certain circumstances be required to quarantine our employees that are affected and the affected
      areas of our premises.


      Losses caused by epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophes,
      including earthquakes or typhoons, are either uninsurable or too expensive to justify insuring against in
      China, Europe and other countries and regions that we operate. In the event an uninsured loss or a loss
      in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a hotel,
      as well as the anticipated future revenues from the hotel. In that event, we might nevertheless remain
      obligated for any financial commitments related to the hotel.


      Similarly, war (including the potential of war), terrorist activity (including threats of terrorist activity),
      social unrest and heightened travel security measures instituted in response, travel-related accidents,
      as well as geopolitical uncertainty and international conflict, will affect travel and may in turn have a
      material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, we may not be adequately
      prepared in contingency planning or recovery capability in relation to a major incident or crisis, and as
      a result, our operational continuity may be adversely and materially affected and our reputation may be
      harmed.




168   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                          RISK FACTORS



Our limited insurance coverage may expose us to losses, which may have a
material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and
results of operations.
We carry all mandatory and certain optional commercial insurance, including property, business
interruption, construction, third-party liability, public liability, product’s liability and employer’s liability
insurance for our leased and owned hotel operations. We also require our lessors, franchisees and
contractors to purchase customary insurance policies. Although we require our franchisees to obtain
the requisite insurance coverage through our franchisees management, we cannot guarantee that
our franchisees will adhere to such requirements. In particular, there are inherent risks of accidents
or injuries in hotels. One or more accidents or injuries at any of our hotels could adversely affect our
safety reputation among customers and potential customers, decrease our overall occupancy rates and
increase our costs by requiring us to take additional measures to make our safety precautions even
more visible and effective. In the future, we may be unable to renew our insurance policies or obtain new
insurance policies without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. We may also encounter
disputes with insurance providers regarding payments of claims that we believe are covered under our
policies. Furthermore, if we are held liable for amounts and claims exceeding the limits of our insurance
coverage or outside the scope of our insurance coverage, our reputation, business, financial condition
and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial
reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or
prevent fraud.
We are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The Securities and Exchange
Commission, or the SEC, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act, adopted rules requiring every public company to include in its annual report a management
report on such company’s internal control over financial reporting containing management’s assessment
of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. In addition, an independent registered
public accounting firm must attest to and report on the effectiveness of such company’s internal control
over financial reporting except where the company is a non-accelerated filer. We currently are a large
accelerated filer.


In connection with the preparation of this annual report, we carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on this assessment and evaluation,
our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as
of December 31, 2022. Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation
report as of December 31, 2022. See “Management Discussion and Analysis – Attestation Report of
the Registered Public Accounting Firm.” However, if we fail to maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting in the future, our management and our independent registered public accounting firm
may not be able to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting. This could in
turn result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and negatively
impact the trading prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. Furthermore, we have incurred and
anticipate that we will continue to incur considerable costs, management time and other resources in an
effort to continue to comply with Section 404 and other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.




                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   169
      RISK FACTORS



      We, our directors, management and employees may be subject to certain
      risks related to legal proceedings filed by or against us, and adverse results
      may harm our business.
      We cannot predict with certainty the cost of defense, the cost of prosecution or the ultimate outcome
      of litigation and other proceedings filed by or against us, our directors, management or employees,
      including remedies or damage awards, and adverse results in such litigation and other proceedings
      may harm our business or reputation. Such litigation and other proceedings may include, but are not
      limited to, actions relating to intellectual property, commercial arrangements, leased properties, share
      transfer, employment, non-competition and labor law, fiduciary duties, personal injury, death, property
      damage or other harm resulting from acts or omissions by individuals or entities outside of our control,
      including franchisees and third-party property owners. For example, as of December 31, 2022, we had
      some pending legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings, including real estate lease terminations
      and disputes and management agreement disputes. Moreover, in the case of intellectual property
      litigation and proceedings, adverse outcomes could include the cancellation, invalidation or other loss of
      material intellectual property rights used in our business and injunctions prohibiting our use of business
      processes or technology that is subject to third-party patents or other third-party intellectual property
      rights.


      We generally are not liable for the willful actions of our franchisees and property owners; however, there
      is no assurance that we would be insulated from liability in all cases.


      RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN CHINA
      We are subject to many of the economic and political risks associated with
      emerging markets due to our operations in China.
      With global presence, we conduct a substantial portion of our business and operations in China. As the
      lodging industry is highly sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels, it tends to
      decline during general economic downturns. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition
      and prospects are subject to a significant degree to economic developments in China. The PRC regulatory
      authorities have implemented various measures to encourage economic development and guide the
      allocation of resources. While some of these measures benefit the overall PRC economy, they may also
      have a negative effect on us. For example, our results of operations and financial condition may be
      adversely affected by regulatory control over capital investments or changes in environmental, health,
      labor or tax regulations that are applicable to us.




170   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS


As the PRC economy is increasingly intricately linked to the global economy, it is affected in various
respects by downturns and recessions of major economies around the world, such as the global financial
crisis and sovereign debt crisis in Europe. Stimulus measures designed to help China weather the
global financial crisis may contribute to higher inflation, which could adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. For example, certain operating costs and expenses, such as employee
compensation and hotel operating expenses, may increase as a result of higher inflation. Measures to
control the pace of economic growth may cause a decrease in the level of economic activity in China,
which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the PRC
regulators exercise influence over China’s economic growth through its allocation of resources, control
of payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, monetary policy, and preferential treatment for
particular industries or companies where the regulators deem appropriate to further regulatory, political
and societal goals. Certain measures adopted by the PRC regulatory authorities, such as changes of the
People’s Bank of China’s statutory deposit reserve ratio and lending guideline imposed on commercial
banks, may restrict loans to certain industries. The State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or “SAFE”,
and the relevant Chinese banks where our operating subsidiaries or VIEs in China opened bank accounts
may adopt restrictions on the cross-border payment obligations and dividends repatriation made by
these subsidiaries or VIEs by way of “window guidance” measures. These actions, as well as future
actions and policies, could materially affect our liquidity and access to capital and our ability to operate
our business. There have also been concerns about the relationships among China and other Asian
countries, the relationship between China and the United States, as well as the relationship between the
United States and certain Asian countries such as North Korea, which may result in or intensify potential
conflicts in relation to territorial, regional security and trade disputes.


Any adverse changes in economic conditions in China, or in the laws and regulations and the policies in
China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China. Such developments
could adversely affect our business and operating results, leading to reduction in demand for our
services and solutions and adversely affect our competitive position. An economic downturn, whether
actual or perceived, a further decrease in economic growth rates or an otherwise uncertain economic
outlook in China could have a material adverse effect on business and consumer spending and, as a
result, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


Inflation in China may disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.
The Chinese economy has experienced rapid expansion together with rising rates of inflation and
increasing salaries. Salary increases could potentially increase discretionary spending on travel, but
general inflation may also erode disposable incomes and consumer spending. Furthermore, certain
components of our operating costs, including personnel, food, laundry, consumables and property
development and renovation costs, may increase as a result of an increase in the cost of materials and
labor resulting from general inflation. However, we cannot guarantee that we can pass increased costs
to customers through room rate increases. This could adversely impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   171
      RISK FACTORS



      Developments in the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and
      regulations could limit the legal protections available to you and us.
      Most of our operations are conducted in the PRC through our PRC subsidiaries, and are governed by PRC
      laws, rules and regulations. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes. It is a system in which
      prior court decisions have limited value as precedents. Our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs are subject to
      various PRC laws and regulations generally applicable to companies in China. However, these laws and
      regulations are relatively new and the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve.


      In particular, PRC laws and regulations concerning the lodging industry are developing and evolving.
      The PRC governmental authorities may promulgate new laws and regulations regulating the lodging
      industries. We cannot assure you that our business operations would not be deemed to violate any such
      new PRC laws or regulations. Moreover, developments in the lodging industry may lead to changes in PRC
      laws, regulations and policies or in the interpretation and application of existing laws, regulations and
      policies, which in turn may limit or restrict us, and could materially and adversely affect our business
      and operations.


      Besides, the PRC is geographically large and divided into various provinces and municipalities and, as
      such, different laws, rules, regulations and policies may have different and varying applications and
      interpretations in different parts of the PRC.


      From time to time, we may have to rely on administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal
      rights. However, since the PRC administrative and court authorities have discretion in interpreting and
      implementing statutory and contractual terms, these types of uncertainties, including uncertainty over
      the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights,
      and any failure to respond to changes in the regulatory environment in China, could materially and
      adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations, and may further affect
      the legal remedies and protections available to investors, which may, in turn, adversely affect the value
      of your investment.




172   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS



Recent regulatory developments in China may subject us to additional
regulatory review and disclosure requirements, expose us to government
influence, or otherwise restrict or completely hinder our ability to offer
securities and raise capital outside China, which could adversely affect our
business operations and cause the value of our securities to significantly
decline or become worthless.
As our business is primarily conducted in China, we are exposed to legal and other risks associated with
our operations in China. The PRC regulators have authority to exert influence on the ability of a company
with operations in China, including us, to conduct its business, and may exert influence over the manner
our operations. Any actions by the PRC regulators to exert more oversight over offerings that are
conducted overseas or foreign investment in companies having operations in China, including us, could
significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors,
and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. Recently, the PRC
regulators initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in
China, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over
China-based companies listed overseas, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity
reviews, adopting new laws and regulations related to data security, and expanding the efforts in anti-
monopoly enforcement. While we do not believe that these regulatory changes would have any material
impact on us, we cannot guarantee that the authorities will agree with us or will not promulgate new
regulations that restrict our business operations or access to capital.


On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, namely the Ministry of Commerce, the State
Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, the State
Administration for Industry and Commerce, the CSRC and the SAFE, jointly adopted the Regulations on
Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the New M&A Rule, which
became effective on September 8, 2006. This New M&A Rule, as amended on June 22, 2009, purports,
among other things, to require offshore special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, formed for overseas listing
purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies and controlled by PRC companies or
individuals, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas
stock exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published a notice on its official website specifying
documents and materials required to be submitted to it by SPVs seeking the CSRC approval of their
overseas listings.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   173
      RISK FACTORS


      On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the
      General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severe and Lawful Crackdown on Illegal
      Securities Activities. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal
      securities activities and the supervision of overseas listings by China-based companies. These opinions
      proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems,
      to deal with the risks and incidents facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the demand for
      cybersecurity and data privacy protection. These opinions and any related implementation rules to be
      enacted may subject us to additional compliance requirement in the future. There are still uncertainties
      regarding the interpretation and implementation of these opinions, and further explanations or detailed
      rules and regulations with respect to these opinions may be issued in the future that could impose
      additional requirements on us. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will remain fully compliant with
      all new regulatory requirements of these opinions or any future implementation rules on a timely basis,
      or at all.


      On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
      Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (which came into effective on March 31, 2023) and its
      relevant notes and five supporting guidelines. Pursuant to these regulations, if the offering and listing
      of securities in an overseas market are made in the name of an offshore entity based on equity, assets,
      earnings of PRC companies that operate the offshore entity’s main businesses, such offering or listing
      of securities is subject to filing requirements of the CSRC. These regulations apply to various types of
      overseas equity offerings and listings, including re-financing, secondary or dual primary listings, listing
      through special purchase acquisition companies, issuance of equity incentive awards, issuance of equity
      securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities. Issuers conducting these
      transactions will need to make filings with the CSRC. According to the Circular on the Arrangements for
      the Filing-based Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, for
      companies that have already offered shares or been listed overseas prior to the implementation of such
      new regulations, these companies qualify as “Stock Enterprises”, and Stock Enterprises are not required
      to apply for the filing immediately until a subsequent re-financing event occurs. These new regulations
      and their future developments could potentially complicate our future equity offerings and require us to
      incur significant compliance costs.


      In addition, these new rules or regulations impose additional requirements on our future re-financing
      activities and will subject us to relevant CSRC filings or other regulatory authorization or requirements.
      We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain such fillings, approval or meet such requirements
      in a timely manner or at all. Any failure may subject us to fines, penalties or other sanctions which may
      have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition as well as our ability to complete
      this or other future offerings.




174   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS



Rapid urbanization and changes in zoning and urban planning in China may
cause our leased and owned hotels to be demolished, removed or otherwise
affected and our franchise agreements to terminate.
China is undergoing a rapid urbanization process, and zoning requirements and other regulatory
mandates with respect to urban planning of a particular area may change from time to time. When there
is a change in zoning requirements or other regulatory mandates with respect to the areas where our
hotels are located, the affected hotels may need to be demolished or removed. We have experienced
such demolition and relocation in the past and we may encounter additional demolition and relocation
cases in the future. For example, in 2022, we were obligated to demolish one leased hotels due to
local government zoning requirements. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we were notified by
local regulatory authorities that we may have to demolish three additional leased hotels due to local
zoning requirements. Our franchise agreements typically provide that if the manachised or franchised
hotels are demolished, the franchise agreements will terminate. In 2022, six manachised hotels were
demolished due to local zoning requirements. Similar demolitions, termination of franchise agreements
or interruptions of our hotel operations due to zoning or other local regulations could occur in the future.
Any such further demolition and relocation could cause us to lose primary locations for our hotels and
we may not be able to achieve comparable operation results following the relocations. While we may
be reimbursed for such demolition and relocation, we cannot assure you that the reimbursement, as
determined by the relevant regulatory authorities, will be sufficient to cover our direct and indirect
losses. Accordingly, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
affected.


Regulatory control of currency conversion may limit our ability to pay
dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders and therefore adversely
affect the value of your investment.
We are a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our ability to pay dividends depends upon,
among other things, our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to obtain and remit sufficient foreign currency. Our PRC
subsidiaries must present certain documents to SAFE, its authorized branch, or the designated foreign
exchange bank, before they can obtain and remit foreign currencies out of the PRC, including evidence
that the relevant PRC taxes have been paid. If our PRC subsidiaries, for any reason, fail to satisfy any of
the PRC legal requirements for remitting foreign currency, our ability to pay dividends would be adversely
affected.


The PRC regulators imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain
cases, the remittance of currency out of China. See “Business Overview – Regulation – Regulations on
Foreign Currency Exchange” for discussions of the principal regulations and rules governing foreign
currency exchange in China. We receive a substantial portion of our revenues in RMB. For most capital
account items, approval from appropriate regulatory authorities is required where RMB is to be converted
into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank
loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC regulators may also at its discretion restrict access in
the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system
prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not
be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders, including holders of our ADSs and
ordinary shares, which would adversely affect the value of your investment.



                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   175
      RISK FACTORS



      Fluctuation in the value of the Renminbi may have a material adverse effect
      on your investment.
      The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar, Euro, Hong Kong dollar and other currencies is affected
      by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic conditions and China’s foreign
      exchange policies.


      A significant portion of our revenues, expenses and financial assets are denominated in the Renminbi.
      Our reporting currency is Renminbi. The functional currencies of the entities within Deutsche Hospitality
      include Euro and other currencies such as Swiss Franc. Our exposure to foreign exchange risk primarily
      relates to cash and cash equivalents and loans denominated in U.S. dollars and Euro, and our investment
      in equity securities of Accor denominated in Euro. We rely substantially on dividends paid to us by our
      operating subsidiaries in China and Europe. Any significant depreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against
      the U.S. dollar may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, and the value of, and any dividends
      payable on, our ADSs and ordinary shares, when translated into U.S. dollars. If we decide to convert our
      Renminbi or Euro into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our ordinary
      shares or for other business purposes, depreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against the U.S. dollar or
      Hong Kong dollar would reduce the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong dollar amount available to us. On the other
      hand, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars or Hong Kong dollar into Renminbi or Euro for our
      operations, appreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong dollar would have
      an adverse effect on the Renminbi amount we receive from the conversion. See “Management Discussion
      and Analysis – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk – Foreign Exchange Risk”
      for discussions of our exposure to foreign currency risks. In summary, fluctuation in the value of the
      Renminbi in either direction could have a material adverse effect on the value of our company and the
      value of your investment.


      In addition, because we also have operations in Europe (namely, Deutsche Hospitality) with the functional
      currencies of Euro and other currencies such as Swiss Franc, when the Renminbi appreciates (or
      depreciates) against these other functional currencies, such as Euro and Swiss Franc, our revenues from
      these operations could decrease (or increase) when translated into Renminbi. In general, fluctuation in
      the value of the Renminbi in either direction could result in the fluctuation in the value of our Company
      and the value of your investment.




176   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS



PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose
companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident shareholders
to personal liability and limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC
subsidiaries, limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to distribute profits to us, or
otherwise adversely affect us.
On July 4, 2014, SAFE issued the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant
Issues concerning Foreign Exchange Administration of the Overseas Investment and Financing and
Round-trip Investments by Domestic Residents through Special Purpose Vehicles, or Circular 37, which
replaced the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents’
Corporate Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles issued by
SAFE in October 2005, or Circular 75. Pursuant to Circular 37, any PRC residents, including both PRC
institutions and individual residents, are required to register with the local SAFE branch before making
contribution to a company set up or controlled by the PRC residents outside of the PRC for the purpose
of overseas investment or financing with their legally owned domestic or offshore assets or interests,
referred to in this circular as a “special purpose vehicle.” In addition, such PRC residents or entities
must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes material
events relating to any change of basic information (including change of such PRC citizens or residents,
name and operation term), increases or decreases in investment amount, transfers or exchanges of
shares, or mergers or spin-offs. In February 2015, SAFE promulgated the Notice on Further Simplifying
and Improving the Administration of the Foreign Exchange Management Policies on Direct Investment ,
which took effect on June 1, 2015. This notice has amended SAFE Circular 37, requiring PRC residents
or entities to register with qualified banks rather than SAFE or its local branch in connection with their
establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or
financing, where banks are required to review and carry out foreign exchange registration for offshore
direct investments, and SAFE and its branches supervise foreign exchange registration for direct
investments indirectly through the banks. See “Business Overview – Regulation – Regulations on
Offshore Financing” for discussions of the registration requirements and the relevant penalties.


We attempt to comply, and attempt to ensure that our shareholders and beneficial owners of our shares
who are subject to these rules comply, with the relevant requirements. We cannot provide any assurance
that our shareholders and beneficial owners of our shares who are PRC residents have complied or
will comply with the requirements imposed by Circular 37 or other related rules. Any failure by any of
our shareholders and beneficial owners of our shares who are PRC residents to comply with relevant
requirements under this regulation could subject such shareholders, beneficial owners and us to fines
or sanctions imposed by the PRC regulators, including limitations on our relevant subsidiary’s ability to
pay dividends or make distributions to us and our ability to increase our investment in China, or other
penalties that may adversely affect our operations.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   177
      RISK FACTORS



      We rely principally on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by
      our subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have,
      and any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make payments to us
      could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.
      We are a holding company, and we rely principally on dividends from our subsidiaries in China for
      our cash requirements, including any debt we may incur. Current PRC laws and regulations permit
      our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in
      accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in
      China is required to set aside a certain percentage of its after-tax earnings each year, if any, to fund
      certain statutory reserves. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. As of December 31,
      2022, a total of RMB904 million (US$131 million) was not distributable in the form of dividends to us due
      to these PRC regulations. In addition, due to restrictions on the distribution of share capital from our PRC
      subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries’ share capital of RMB2,831 million (US$411 million) as of December
      31, 2022 is considered restricted. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in China incur debt on their own behalf
      in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make
      other payments to us. The inability of our subsidiaries to distribute dividends or other payments to us
      could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be
      beneficial to our businesses, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business.


      PRC regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore holding
      companies to PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds
      from offerings of the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities to make loans
      or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries and
      VIEs.
      As an offshore holding company, our ability to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC
      operating subsidiaries and VIEs is subject to PRC regulations and approvals. These regulations and
      approvals may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we received in the past or will receive in the
      future from the offerings of ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities to make loans or additional capital
      contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries and VIEs, and impair our ability to fund and expand
      our business which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and result of operations. For
      example, SAFE promulgated the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming
      and Regulating Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange Settlement Under the Capital Accounts,
      or Circular 16, on June 9, 2016. Under Circular 16, registered capital of a foreign-invested company
      settled in RMB converted from foreign currencies shall be subject to certain limitations prescribed under
      Circular 16. In addition, foreign-invested companies may not change how they use such capital without
      SAFE’s approval, and may not in any case use such capital to repay RMB loans if they have not used the
      proceeds of such loans.




178   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, any offshore funds that we use to finance our PRC entities, including the net proceeds
from the offering of the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities, are subject to the foreign investment
regulations and foreign exchange regulations in the PRC. We may make loans to our PRC entities, but
they are subject to such PRC entities’ sufficient foreign debt quota and foreign exchange loan registration
with SAFE. For example, loans by us to our PRC entities (as foreign-invested enterprises) in China to
finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits, i.e., the difference between its total amount of
investment and its registered capital, or certain amount calculated based on elements including capital
or net assets, the cross-border financing leverage ratio and the macro prudential coefficient (“Macro-
prudential Management Mode”) under relevant PRC laws, and the loans must be registered with SAFE.
According to the Circular of the People’s Bank of China and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange
on Adjusting the Macro-prudent Adjustment Parameter for Cross-border Financing issued on January
7, 2021, the limit for the total amount of foreign debt under the Macro-prudential Management Mode is
adjusted to two times of their respective net assets.


In addition, the application of the proceeds under the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities is subject
to the foreign exchange regulations in the PRC. We may also decide to finance our entities by means of
capital contributions. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign-invested enterprises in China,
depending on the total amount of investment, capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries and
VIEs is no longer subject to the approval of the PRC Ministry of Commerce or its local branches. Instead, if
we finance our PRC subsidiaries by means of additional capital contributions, these capital contributions
must be filed and registered with relevant regulatory authorities, including the Ministry of Commerce, or
MOFCOM, or its local counterparts, the State Administration for Market Regulation, or SAMR, through
the Enterprise Registration System and the National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System,
and SAFE. However, we cannot assure you that the regulations will always remain favorable to us. If the
regulations are revised in the future or we fail to complete such registration or obtain such approvals on
time, our ability to use the proceeds of the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities and to capitalize our
operations in PRC may be negatively affected, which could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to
fund and expand our business.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   179
      RISK FACTORS



      We may be subject to fines and legal sanctions imposed by SAFE or other
      Chinese regulatory authorities and our ability to further grant shares or
      share options to, and to adopt additional share incentive plans for, our
      directors and employees may be restricted if we or the participants of
      our share incentive plans fail to comply with PRC regulations relating to
      employee shares or share options granted by offshore special purpose
      companies or offshore listed companies to PRC participants.
      In February 2012, the SAFE issued the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control
      on Domestic Individuals Participating in the Stock Incentive Plan of An Overseas Listed Company, or
      Circular 7, which requires PRC individual participants of stock incentive plans to register with the SAFE
      and to comply with a series of other requirements. See “Business Overview – Regulation – Regulations on
      Foreign Currency Exchange.” We are an offshore listed company and as a result we and the participants
      of our share incentive plans who are PRC citizens or non-PRC citizens residing in China successively for
      at least one year, or, collectively, the PRC participants, are subject to Circular 7. While we completed the
      foreign exchange registration procedures and complied with other requirements according to Circular 7 in
      June 2012, we cannot provide any assurance that we or the PRC participants of our share incentive plans
      will be deemed by regulatory authorities to have complied with the requirements imposed by Circular
      7. If we or the PRC participants of our share incentive plans fail to comply with Circular 7, we or the
      PRC participants of our share incentive plans may be subject to fines or other legal sanctions imposed
      by SAFE or other PRC regulatory authorities and our ability to further grant shares or share options
      under our share incentive plans to, and to adopt additional share incentive plans for, our directors and
      employees may be restricted. Such events could adversely affect our business operations.


      It is unclear whether we will be considered as a PRC resident enterprise
      under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC. If we are not treated as
      a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries
      will be subject to PRC withholding tax; if we are treated as a PRC resident
      enterprise, we may be subject to a 25% PRC income tax on our worldwide
      income, and holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares that are non-PRC
      resident investors may be subject to PRC withholding tax on dividends on
      and gains realized on their transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares.
      On March 16, 2007, the PRC National People’s Congress passed the Enterprise Income Tax Law, and the
      PRC State Council subsequently issued the Implementation Regulations of the Enterprise Income Tax
      Law (the “Implementation Regulations”). The Enterprise Income Tax Law (last amended on December
      29, 2018) and its Implementation Regulations (amended on April 23, 2019), collectively the “EIT Law”,
      provides that enterprises established outside of China whose “de facto management bodies” are located
      in China are considered resident enterprises and are therefore subject to PRC enterprise income tax
      at a uniform rate of 25% with respect to their income sourced from both within and outside of China.
      The Implementation Regulations define the term “de facto management body” as a management body
      that exercises substantial and overall control and management over the production and operations,
      personnel, accounting and properties of an enterprise.




180   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


On April 22, 2009, the State Taxation Administration, or the “STA” (previously known as State
Administration of Taxation, or the “SAT”) issued the Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-
Controlled Enterprises Registered Offshore as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis of De Facto
Management Bodies, or Circular 82. Circular 82 provides certain specific criteria for determining whether
the “de facto management body” of a Chinese-controlled offshore-incorporated enterprise is located in
China. In addition, the STA issued Public Announcement [2011] No. 45 in 2011 and Public Announcement
[2014] No. 9 in 2014, providing more guidance on the implementation of Circular 82 and clarifying
matters including resident status determination, post-determination administration and competent tax
authorities. However, the above-mentioned tax circulars apply only to offshore enterprises controlled
by PRC enterprises, not those invested in or controlled by PRC individuals. Currently, there are no
further detailed rules or precedents applicable to us regarding the procedures and specific criteria for
determining “de facto management body” for a company invested in or controlled by PRC individuals. It
is still unclear if the PRC tax authorities would determine that we should be classified as a PRC resident
enterprise.


Although we have not been notified that we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we cannot assure
you that we will not be treated as a resident enterprise under the EIT Law, any aforesaid circulars or
any amended regulations in the future. If we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise
income tax purposes, among other things, we would be subject to the PRC enterprise income tax at
the rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income. Furthermore, if we are treated as a PRC resident
enterprise, payments of dividend by us may be regarded as derived from sources within the PRC and
therefore we may be obligated to withhold PRC income tax at 10% on payments of dividend on the ADSs
or ordinary shares to non-PRC resident enterprise investors. In the case of non-PRC resident individual
investors, the tax may be withheld at a rate of 20%.


In addition, if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, pursuant to the EIT Law and the Individual
Income Tax Law of the PRC, any gain realized on the transfer of the ADSs and/or ordinary shares by non-
PRC resident investors may be regarded as derived from sources within the PRC and accordingly may be
subject to a 10% PRC income tax in the case of non-PRC resident enterprises or 20% in the case of non-
PRC resident individuals. The PRC income tax on dividends and/or gains may be reduced or exempted
under applicable tax treaties between the PRC and the ADS holder’s or ordinary share holder’s home
country. See “Other Information – for Shareholders – Taxation – PRC Taxation.”




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   181
      RISK FACTORS



      If the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors as required under the HFCA
      Act, the SEC will prohibit the trading of our ADSs, which may materially and
      adversely affect the value of your investment.
      The HFCA Act was enacted into law on December 18, 2020. Under the HFCA Act, if the SEC determines
      that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject
      to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive years (beginning with those we filed in 2022), the SEC
      will prohibit our securities, including our ADSs, from being traded on a U.S. national securities exchange,
      including NASDAQ, or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. Each chamber of the U.S. On
      December 29, 2022, the AHFCA Act was signed into law by the U.S. president as part of the fiscal year
      2023 omnibus spending legislation, which reduced the number of consecutive non-inspection years
      required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to two. As a result, the risk
      has been heightened. The process for implementing trading prohibitions pursuant to the HFCA Act will
      be based on a list of registered public accounting firms that the PCAOB has been unable to inspect and
      investigate completely as a result of a position taken by a non-U.S. government. The first such list was
      announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021, and our auditor was included on that list.


      The SEC reviews annual reports filed with it to determine if the auditor used for such reports was so
      identified by the PCAOB, and such issuers are designated as “Commission-Identified Issuers” on a list to
      be published by the SEC. If an issuer is a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive years (which
      will be determined after the second such consecutive annual report), the SEC will issue an order that will
      implement the trading prohibitions described above. We were conclusively identified as a “Commission-
      Identified Issuer” under the HFCA Act on May 26, 2022 in respect of our Annual Report for 2021 on Form
      20-F filed on April 27, 2022. If our ADSs are subject to a trading prohibition under the HFCA Act, the price
      of our ADSs may be adversely affected, and the threat of such a trading prohibition would also adversely
      affect their price. If our listing in Hong Kong cannot provide sufficient liquidity or if we are unable to be
      listed on another securities exchange that provides sufficient liquidity, such a trading prohibition may
      substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our ADSs when you wish to do so. Furthermore,
      even if we are able to maintain a listing of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or
      another non-U.S. exchange, investors owning our ADSs may have to take additional steps to engage in
      transactions on that exchange, including converting ADSs into ordinary shares and establishing non-U.S.
      brokerage accounts.




182   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of
Finance of the PRC, taking a first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate
registered public accounting firms headquartered in Mainland China and Hong Kong. On December
15, 2022, the PCAOB announced its determination that it has been able to inspect and investigate
audit firms in mainland China and Hong Kong completely for purposes of the HFCA Act, and the PCAOB
vacated its December 16, 2021 determinations. Based on this announcement, we do not expect to be
a Commission-Identified Issuer in respect of our annual report for 2022 on Form 20-F to be filed in
2023. However, the PCAOB stated that should PRC authorities obstruct the PCAOB’s ability to inspect or
investigate completely in any way and at any point in the future, the PCAOB Board will act immediately to
consider the need to issue new determinations consistent with the HFCA Act. While we currently do not
expect the HFCA Act or the AHFCA Act to prevent us from maintaining the trading of our ADSs in the U.S.,
uncertainties exist with respect to future determinations of the PCAOB in this respect and any further
legislative or regulatory actions to be taken by the U.S. or Chinese regulators that could affect our listing
status in the U.S. The delisting of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and
adversely affect the value of your investment.


RISKS RELATED TO OUR CORPORATE STRUCTURE
H World Group Limited is a Cayman Islands holding company. As a result, you
may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing
foreign judgments or bringing actions in China against us or our management
based on foreign laws.
H World Group Limited is a holding company with no operations of its own. H World Group Limited
conducts its operations primarily by our subsidiaries, a majority of which are based in China and Europe,
and through contractual arrangements with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and the Consolidated
Fund. Investors in our ADSs and ordinary shares do not hold equity interest in our operating entities in
China, but instead are purchasing equity securities of a Cayman Islands holding company. In addition,
most of our executive officers reside within China for a significant portion of the time and most of them
are PRC nationals. As a result, it may be difficult for our shareholders to effect service of process upon
us or those persons residing inside China. In addition, China does not have treaties providing for the
reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the Cayman Islands, United States
and many other countries and regions.


Therefore, recognition and enforcement in China of judgments of a court in any of these non-PRC
jurisdictions in relation to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult or
impossible.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   183
      RISK FACTORS



      Revenue and assets contributions from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
      have not been material. Nonetheless, if the PRC regulatory authorities
      deem that the contractual arrangements in relation to the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on
      foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the
      interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, our ordinary
      shares and ADSs may decline in value if we are unable to assert our
      contractual control rights over the assets of the Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities.
      The current industry entry clearance requirements governing foreign investment activities in the PRC
      are set out in two categories, namely the Encouraged Industry Catalogue for Foreign Investment (2022
      version), as promulgated by the NDRC and the MOFCOM, which became effective on January 1, 2023
      (the “Encouraged List), and the Negative List (2021 Edition). Industries listed in the Encouraged List are
      generally deemed “encouraged” for foreign investments, and industries not listed in either of these two
      lists are generally deemed “permitted” for foreign investments unless specifically prohibited or restricted
      by other PRC laws. According to the Negative List (2021 Edition), a foreign stake in a value-added
      telecommunications service may not exceed 50% (except for e-commerce, domestic conferencing, store-
      and-forward, and call center services). Pursuant to the Regulations on Travel Agencies (2020 Revision),
      which was promulgated by the State Council and became effective on November 29, 2020, generally, no
      foreign-invested travel agency may operate a business providing travel services to Chinese mainland
      residents’ traveling to other countries or to the Hong Kong or Macao Special Administrative Region, or
      Taiwan.


      Because H World Group Limited is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited
      liability, it is classified as a foreign enterprise under PRC laws and regulations, and our PRC subsidiaries
      are foreign-invested enterprises (“FIEs”). PRC laws and regulations restrict and impose conditions on
      foreign investment in certain internet-based businesses and international travel agency businesses.
      Accordingly, to comply with PRC laws and regulations, we operate these businesses in China through
      the variable interest entity model, and rely on contractual arrangements among our PRC subsidiaries,
      the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and their respective nominee shareholders to control the business
      operations of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and their subsidiary.




184   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                         RISK FACTORS


If our corporate structure and contractual arrangements are deemed by the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology or the MOFCOM or other regulators having competent authority to be illegal,
either in whole or in part, we may lose control of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and have to modify
such structure and contractual arrangements to comply with regulatory requirements. However, there
can be no assurance that we can achieve this without disrupting our business. Further, if our corporate
structure and contractual arrangements are found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws
or regulations, the relevant regulatory authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such
violations, including:


•      revoking our relevant business and operating licenses;


•      levying fines on us;


•      confiscating any of our income that they deem to be obtained through illegal operations;


•      shutting down our relevant services;


•      discontinuing or restricting our operations of such Consolidated Affiliated Entities in China;


•      imposing conditions or requirements with which we may not be able to comply;


•      requiring us to change our corporate structure and contractual arrangements;


•      prohibiting our use of the proceeds from overseas offerings to finance the Consolidated Affiliated
       Entities’ business and operations; and


•      taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could be harmful to our business.


Furthermore, new PRC laws, rules and regulations may be introduced to impose additional requirements
that may be applicable to our corporate structure and contractual arrangements. See “－Uncertainties
exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and its
implementing rules and how they may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations”
below for more information. Occurrence of any of these events could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the PRC regulators determine that these
contractual arrangements do not comply with PRC regulations, or if these regulations change or are
interpreted differently in the future, our ordinary shares and ADSs may decline in value if we are unable
to assert our contractual control rights over the assets of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. In addition,
H World Group Limited, which is the company our investors hold securities in, may never have a direct
equity ownership interest in the businesses that are conducted by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. If
the imposition of any of these penalties or requirement to restructure our corporate structure causes us
to lose the rights to direct the activities of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities or our right to receive their
economic benefits, we would no longer be able to consolidate the financial results of such Consolidated
Affiliated Entities in our consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022    185
      RISK FACTORS



      We rely in part on contractual arrangements with each of the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities and their respective nominee shareholders to operate
      certain restricted business. These contractual arrangements may not be as
      effective as direct ownership in providing operational control and otherwise
      have a material adverse effect as to our business.
      H World Group Limited is not a Chinese operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company with
      operations primarily conducted by our subsidiaries, a majority of which are based in China and Europe,
      and through contractual arrangements with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities include (i) Tianjin Jizhu, (ii) Shanghai Huanmei and Huanmei Travel, and (iii) Ningbo
      Futing. Mr. Pengfei Jiang, who is the director/supervisor of certain of our subsidiaries, holds 100% of
      equity interest in Tianjin Jizhu. Mr. Pengfei Jiang and Mr. Andong Chen, our employee, hold 90% and 10%
      of equity interest in Shanghai Huanmei, respectively. Mr. Dongfu Shi, who is the director/supervisor of
      certain of our subsidiaries, holds 100% of equity interest in Ningbo Futing.


      We rely in part on contractual arrangements entered into among HZ Hotel Management, the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities and their respective nominee shareholders to operate certain restricted business. We
      have control over and are the primary beneficiary of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities for accounting
      purposes and, therefore, have consolidated the financial results of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities in
      our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any references to control or benefits
      that accrue to us because of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities in this annual report are limited to,
      and are subject to conditions for consolidation of, the Consolidated Affiliated Entities under U.S. GAAP.
      These contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control
      over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Investors in our ADSs and ordinary shares are not purchasing
      equity interest in our operating entities in China, but instead are purchasing an equity interest in H
      World Group Limited, a Cayman Islands holding company. The Consolidated Affiliated Entities do not
      have a material contribution to our results of operations and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities do not
      support material revenues reported within other subsidiaries of our company. The Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities are consolidated with our results of operations for accounting purposes. If the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities or the respective nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities fail to
      perform their respective obligations under these contractual arrangements, our recourse to the assets
      held by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities is indirect and we may have to incur substantial costs and
      expend significant resources to enforce such arrangements in reliance on legal remedies under PRC law.
      These remedies may not always be effective. Furthermore, in connection with litigation, arbitration or
      other judicial or dispute resolution proceedings, assets under the name of any of record holder of equity
      interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, including such equity interest, may be put under court
      custody. As a consequence, we cannot be certain that the equity interest will be disposed pursuant to
      the contractual arrangement or ownership by the record holder of the equity interest.




186   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS


All of these contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of
disputes through arbitration in the PRC. Accordingly, these contractual arrangements would be
interpreted in accordance with PRC laws and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC
legal procedures. However, the legal framework and system in China, in particularly those relating to
arbitration proceedings, are not as developed as in some other jurisdictions, such as the United States.
As a result, uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws in China could limit our ability to enforce
these contractual arrangements. Meanwhile, there are very few precedents and little formal guidance
as to how contractual arrangements in the context of variable interest entities should be interpreted or
enforced under PRC law. There remain significant uncertainties regarding the ultimate outcome of such
arbitration should legal action become necessary. In addition, under PRC laws, rulings by arbitrators
are final, parties cannot appeal the arbitration results in courts, and if the losing parties fail to carry
out the arbitration awards within a prescribed time limit, the prevailing parties may only enforce the
arbitration awards in the PRC courts through arbitration award recognition proceedings, which would
require additional expenses and delay. In the event that we are unable to enforce these contractual
arrangements, or if we suffer significant time delays or other obstacles in the process of enforcing these
contractual arrangements, it would be very difficult to exert effective control over the Consolidated
Affiliated Entities, and our ability to conduct our business and our financial condition and results of
operations may be materially and adversely affected. See “–Risks Relating to Doing Business in China–
Developments in the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the legal
protections available to you and us” below in this annual report.


If we exercise the option to acquire equity ownership of the Consolidated
Affiliated Entities, the ownership transfer may subject us to certain
limitations and substantial costs.
Pursuant to the contractual arrangements, to the extent allowed by PRC laws, rules and regulations,
HZ Hotel Management or its designated person has the exclusive right to purchase all or any part of the
equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities from their respective nominee shareholders at the
higher of (i) the lowest price permitted by applicable PRC laws and (ii) a nominal price of RMB100. The
transfer prices of such equity transfers might be subject to review and tax adjustment with reference to
the market value by the relevant tax authorities, and such authorities may require HZ Hotel Management
to pay individual income tax in the PRC on behalf of the individual shareholders of such Consolidated
Affiliated Entities for ownership transfer income with reference to the market value accordingly, in which
case the amount of tax could be substantial.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   187
      RISK FACTORS



      The nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may have
      potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely
      affect our business and financial condition.
      The Consolidated Affiliated Entities include (i) Tianjin Jizhu, (ii) Shanghai Huanmei, and (iii) Ningbo
      Futing. Mr. Pengfei Jiang, who is the director/supervisor of certain of our subsidiaries, holds 100% of
      equity interest in Tianjin Jizhu. Mr. Pengfei Jiang and Mr. Andong Chen, our employee, hold 90% and 10%
      of equity interest in Shanghai Huanmei, respectively. Mr. Dongfu Shi, who is the director/supervisor of
      certain of our subsidiaries, holds 100% of equity interest in Ningbo Futing.


      We rely on the nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to abide by the obligations
      under such contractual arrangements. The interests of these shareholders in their capacities as the
      shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may differ from the interests of our company as a
      whole, as what is in the best interests of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, including matters such
      as whether to distribute dividends or to make other distributions to fund our offshore requirements,
      may not be in the best interests of our company. There can be no assurance that when conflicts of
      interest arise, any or all of these shareholders will act in the best interests of our company or that those
      conflicts of interest will be resolved in our favor. In addition, these shareholders may breach or cause the
      Consolidated Affiliated Entities and their subsidiary to breach or refuse to renew the existing contractual
      arrangements with us. Control over, and funds due from, the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may be
      jeopardized if such shareholders breach the terms of the contractual arrangements or are subject to
      legal proceedings.


      Though it is difficult to address the potential conflicts of interest the nominee shareholders of the
      Consolidated Affiliated Entities may encounter, on the one hand, and as a director, supervisor or
      employee of our group company, on the other hand, we could, however, at all times, exercise our
      option under the exclusive option agreements to cause them to transfer all of their equity ownership
      in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to an entity or individual designated by us as permitted by the
      then applicable PRC laws. In addition, if such conflicts of interest arise, we could also, in the capacity
      of attorney-in-fact of the nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities as provided
      under the power of attorney, directly appoint new directors, supervisors or senior management of the
      Consolidated Affiliated Entities. We rely on the nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities to comply with PRC laws and regulations, which protect contracts and provide that directors and
      senior management owe a duty of loyalty to the companies they serve and require them to avoid conflicts
      of interest and not to take advantage of their positions for personal gains. If we cannot resolve any
      conflicts of interest or disputes between us and the individual shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities, we would have to rely on legal proceedings, which could result in disruption of our business and
      subject us to substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings.




188   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



If the custodians or authorized users of our controlling non-tangible
assets, including chops and seals, fail to fulfill their responsibilities, or
misappropriate or misuse these assets, our business and operations may be
materially and adversely affected.
Under PRC law, legal documents for corporate transactions, including agreements and contracts such
as the leases and sales contracts that our business relies on, are executed using the chop or seal of the
signing entity or with the signature of a legal representative whose designation is registered and filed
with the relevant local branch of the State Administration for Market Regulation. We generally execute
legal documents by affixing chops or seals, rather than having the designated legal representatives sign
the documents. The chops of our subsidiaries and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities are generally held
by the relevant entities so that documents can be executed locally. Although we usually utilize chops
to execute contracts, the registered legal representatives of our subsidiaries and the Consolidated
Affiliated Entities have the apparent authority to enter into contracts on behalf of such entities without
chops, unless such contracts set forth otherwise.


In order to maintain the physical security of our chops, we generally have them stored in secured
locations accessible only to the designated key employees of our legal, human resources or finance
departments. Our designated legal representatives generally do not have access to the chops. Although
we have approval procedures in place and monitor our key employees, including the designated legal
representatives of our subsidiaries and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, the procedures may not
be sufficient to prevent all instances of abuse or negligence. There is a risk that our key employees or
designated legal representatives could abuse their authority, for example, by binding our subsidiaries
and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities with contracts against our interests, as we would be obligated
to honor these contracts if the other contracting party acts in good faith in reliance on the apparent
authority of our chops or signatures of our legal representatives. If any designated legal representative
obtains control of the chop in an effort to obtain control over the relevant entity, we would need to have
a shareholder or board resolution to designate a new legal representative and to take legal action to
seek the return of the chop, apply for a new chop with the relevant authorities, or otherwise seek legal
remedies for the legal representative’s misconduct. If any of the designated legal representatives obtains
and misuses or misappropriates our chops and seals or other controlling intangible assets for whatever
reason, we could experience disruption to our normal business operations. We may have to take
corporate or legal action, which could involve significant time and resources to resolve while distracting
management from our operations, and our business and operations may be materially and adversely
affected.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   189
      RISK FACTORS



      Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation
      of the Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules and how they may
      impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
      The VIE structure through contractual arrangements has been adopted by many PRC-based companies,
      including us, to obtain necessary licenses and permits in industries that are currently subject to foreign
      investment restrictions in China. The MOFCOM published a discussion draft of the proposed Foreign
      Investment Law of the PRC in January 2015, or the 2015 Draft FIL, according to which, variable interest
      entities that are controlled via contractual arrangements would also be deemed as foreign-invested
      entities, if they are ultimately controlled by foreign investors. In March 2019, the PRC National People’s
      Congress promulgated the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, or the FIL, and in December 2019, the
      State Council promulgated the Implementing Rules of the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, or the
      Implementing Rules, to further clarify and elaborate the relevant provisions of the FIL. The FIL and the
      Implementing Rules both became effective from January 1, 2020 and replaced the major previous laws
      and regulations governing foreign investments in the PRC. Pursuant to the FIL, “foreign investments”
      refer to investment activities conducted by foreign investors (including foreign natural persons, foreign
      enterprises or other foreign organizations) directly or indirectly in the PRC, which include any of the
      following circumstances: (i) foreign investors setting up foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC solely
      or jointly with other investors, (ii) foreign investors obtaining shares, equity interests, property portions
      or other similar rights and interests of enterprises within the PRC, (iii) foreign investors investing in
      new projects in the PRC solely or jointly with other investors, and (iv) investment in other methods as
      specified in laws, administrative regulations, or as stipulated by the State Council. The FIL and the
      Implementing Rules do not introduce the concept of “control” in determining whether a company would
      be considered as a foreign-invested enterprise, nor do they explicitly provide whether the VIE structure
      through contractual arrangements would be deemed as a method of foreign investment. However, the FIL
      has a catch-all provision that includes in its definition of “foreign investments” made by foreign investors
      in China in other methods as specified in laws, administrative regulations, or as stipulated by the State
      Council. To implement this provision of the FIL, the relevant regulatory authorities may promulgate more
      laws, regulations or rules on the interpretation and implementation of the FIL, and we cannot rule out
      the possibility that the concept of “control” as stated in the 2015 Draft FIL may be embodied in, or the
      VIE structure through contractual arrangements adopted by us may be deemed as a method of foreign
      investment by, any of such future laws, regulations and rules. If any of the Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities were deemed as a foreign-invested enterprise under any of such future laws, regulations and
      rules, and any of the businesses operated by such Consolidated Affiliated Entities in any “negative list”
      for foreign investment were therefore subject to any foreign investment restrictions or prohibitions,
      our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
      Furthermore, if future laws, administrative regulations or provisions mandate further actions to be taken
      by companies with respect to existing contractual arrangements, we may face substantial uncertainties
      as to whether we can complete such actions in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to take timely and
      appropriate measures to cope with any of these or similar regulatory compliance challenges could
      materially and adversely affect our current corporate structure, business, financial condition and results
      of operations.




190   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS



RISKS RELATED TO OUR ADSS, ORDINARY SHARES AND OUR TRADING
MARKET
The market prices for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares has been and may
continue to be volatile.
The market price for our ADSs has been volatile and ranged from a low of US$21.84 to a high of US$45.70
on the NASDAQ Global Select Market in 2022. Likewise, the high and low prices of our ordinary shares
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2022 were HK$36.5 and HK$17.43, respectively. In addition,
the performance and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations
located mainly in China that have listed their securities in Hong Kong and/or the United States may
affect the volatility in the prices of and trading volumes for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. Some of
these companies have experienced significant volatility. The trading performance of these companies’
securities may affect the overall investor sentiment towards other companies with business operations
located mainly in China and listed in Hong Kong and/or the United States and consequently may impact
the trading performance of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. The market price is subject to wide
fluctuations in response to various factors, including the following:


•      actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results;


•      changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts;


•      conditions in the travel and lodging industries;


•      changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other lodging companies;


•      announcements by us or our competitors of new products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
       joint ventures or capital commitments;


•      addition or departure of key personnel;


•      fluctuations of exchange rates between the RMB and U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar or other foreign
       currencies;


•      potential litigation or administrative investigations;




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   191
      RISK FACTORS


      •      release of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our outstanding ADSs or ordinary shares or
             sales of additional ADSs or ordinary shares; and


      •      political or market instability or disruptions, pandemics or epidemics and other disruptions to
             China’s economy or the global economy, and actual or perceived social unrest in the United States,
             Hong Kong, Europe or other countries and regions that we operate.


      In addition, the market prices for companies with operations in China in particular have experienced
      volatility that might have been unrelated to the operating performance of such companies. The securities
      of some China-based companies that have listed their securities in the United States and/or in Hong
      Kong have experienced significant volatility, including, in some cases, substantial declines in the
      market prices of their securities. The performance of the securities of these China-based companies
      after their offerings may affect the attitudes of investors toward Chinese companies listed in the United
      States and/or Hong Kong, which consequently may impact the performance of our ADSs and ordinary
      shares, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, any negative news or perceptions
      about inadequate corporate governance practices or fraudulent accounting, corporate structure or
      other matters of other China-based companies may also negatively affect the attitudes of investors
      towards China-based companies in general, including us, regardless of whether we have engaged in any
      inappropriate activities.


      Inflation has accelerated in many economies, including the United States and Europe, and policy
      actions to address inflation have slowed, and could reverse, economic growth in relevant countries. In
      addition, the continuing Russia-Ukraine war and the related energy crisis in Europe have weighed on
      global economic prospects. These types of economic conditions could result in postponed or decreased
      spending amid consumer concerns over unemployment, inflation, reduced asset values, increased
      energy costs, geographical issues, the availability and cost of credit, and the stability and solvency of
      financial institutions, financial markets, businesses, local and state governments, and sovereign nations.
      The economic recessions in many countries have contributed and may continue to contribute to extreme
      volatility in the global stock markets, such as the large declines in share prices in the United States,
      China, Hong Kong and other jurisdictions at various times since 2008. These broad market and industry
      fluctuations may adversely affect the prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares, regardless of our
      operating performance.




192   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS



An active trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange might not be sustained and trading prices of our ordinary shares
might fluctuate significantly.
Since our listing in Hong Kong in 2020, our ordinary shares have been traded on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. However, we cannot assure you that an active trading market for our ordinary shares on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be sustained. The trading price or liquidity for our ADSs on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market and the trading price or liquidity for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange in the past might not be indicative of those of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange in the future. If an active trading market of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange is not sustained, the market price and liquidity of our ordinary shares could be materially and
adversely affected.


In 2014, the Hong Kong, Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges collaborated to create an inter-
exchange trading mechanism called Stock Connect that allows international and mainland Chinese
investors to trade eligible equity securities listed in each other’s markets through the trading and
clearing facilities of their home exchange. Stock Connect allows certain mainland Chinese investors to
trade directly in eligible equity securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, known as Southbound
Trading. If a company’s shares are not considered eligible, they cannot be traded through Stock Connect.
It is unclear whether and when the ordinary shares of our company will be eligible to be traded through
Stock Connect, if at all. The ineligibility of our ordinary shares for trading through Stock Connect will
affect certain mainland Chinese investors’ ability to trade our ordinary shares.


If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or if
they publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the
market prices and trading volume for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could
decline.
The trading market for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares relies in part on the research and reports that
equity research analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If research
analysts do not maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us
downgrades our ADSs and/or ordinary shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our
business, the market price for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares would likely decline. If one or more of
these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in
the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for the ADSs and/or
ordinary shares to decline significantly.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   193
      RISK FACTORS



      Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market prices of
      the ADSs and/or ordinary shares.
      Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed
      from a third party with the intention of buying identical securities back at a later date to return to the
      lender. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the sale of
      the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects to pay
      less in that purchase than it received in the sale. As it is in the short seller’s interest for the price of the
      security to decline, many short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of, negative opinions and
      allegations regarding the relevant issuer and its business prospects in order to create negative market
      momentum and generate profits for themselves after selling a security short. These short attacks
      have, in the past, led to selling of shares in the market and significant volatility of the prices of ordinary
      shares and/or ADSs of the targeted company. We received two short seller reports in September 2020.
      After receiving those reports, we immediately formed a special investigation committee, hired attorneys
      and conducted an internal investigation regarding the allegations in the relevant reports. Though we
      concluded that those unfavorable allegations in the short sellers reports were untrue and without
      merit, the short seller reports, the volatility in the prices of our ADSs and ordinary shares, as well as our
      responses to regulatory inquiries and relevant institutions, had diverted and could continue to divert
      our management’s attention. Furthermore, we have spent and could continue to spend a significant
      amount of resources investigating such allegations, responding to relevant regulatory inquiries and
      defending ourselves against any potential class action lawsuits. In the event we receive additional short
      seller reports in the future, our management’s attention could be diverted, which could adversely affect
      our business operations and administration. We may need to spend a significant amount of time and
      resources responding to the short selling firms and regulatory inquiries and preparing for or defending
      against potential class action lawsuits or derivative actions initiated by our investors and shareholders.
      Additionally, we may also be constrained in the manner in which we can proceed against the relevant
      short sellers by principles of freedom of speech, applicable laws of the relevant jurisdictions or issues of
      commercial confidentiality.


      We may need additional capital, and the sale of additional ADSs, ordinary
      shares or other equity securities could result in additional dilution to our
      shareholders and the incurrence of additional indebtedness could increase
      our debt service obligations.
      We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, anticipated cash flow from operations, and funds
      available from borrowings under our bank facilities (including the undrawn bank facilities currently
      available to us and bank facilities we plan to obtain in 2023) will be sufficient to meet our anticipated
      working capital cash needs for at least the next 12 months. We may, however, require additional cash
      resources due to changed business conditions, strategic acquisitions or other future developments,
      including expansion through leased and owned hotels and any investments or acquisitions we may
      decide to pursue. If these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell
      additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit facilities. The sale of additional equity and
      equity-linked securities could dilute the interests of our shareholders and ADS holders and adversely
      impact the market prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. Our incurrence of indebtedness would
      result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that
      would restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that financing will be available in amounts or on
      terms acceptable to us, if at all.


194   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


Due to the global outbreak of COVID-19, our business was significantly impacted and we experienced
operating losses in 2020, 2021 and 2022. We recorded net loss attributable to H World Group Limited
of RMB2,192 million, RMB465 million and RMB1,821 million (US$264 million) in 2020, 2021 and 2022,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by US$576
million. We repaid all outstanding principal and interest on our convertible senior notes due 2022 of
US$475 million on the maturity date of November 1, 2022 by utilizing our revolving facility of EUR70
million and our cash and cash equivalents. Our ability to continue as a going concern depends on our
ability to generate cash flows from operations and to arrange adequate financing arrangements to
support our working capital requirements. For more information, please see “Management Discussion
and Analysis – Liquidity and Capital Resources.” If we are unable to continue as a going concern or
achieve or maintain profitability, the market price of our ADSs may significantly decrease.


Future sales or issuances, or perceived future sales or issuances, of
substantial amounts of our ordinary shares or ADSs could adversely affect
the prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares.
If our existing shareholders sell, or are perceived as intending to sell, substantial amounts of our ordinary
shares or ADSs, including those issued upon the exercise of our outstanding stock options, the market
price of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could fall. For example, as of December 31, 2022, we had
approximately 76.9 million non-vested restricted stocks outstanding. Such sales, or perceived potential
sales, by our existing shareholders might make it more difficult for us to issue new equity or equity-
related securities in the future at a time and place we deem appropriate. Ordinary shares held by our
existing shareholders may be sold in the public market in the future subject to the restrictions contained
in Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act and the applicable lock-up agreements. If any existing
shareholder or shareholders sell a substantial amount of ordinary shares after the expiration of the lock-
up period, the prevailing market price for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could be adversely affected.


In addition, certain of our shareholders or their transferees and assignees will have the right to
cause us to register the sale of their shares under the Securities Act upon the occurrence of certain
circumstances. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in these shares
becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon the effectiveness
of the registration. Sales of these registered shares in the public market could cause the prices of our
ADSs and/or ordinary shares to decline.


Furthermore, we will be required to issue ADSs to holders of our convertible senior notes due 2026, upon
their conversion of the notes. We have not entered into any hedging transactions to reduce the dilution
to our existing shareholders upon the holders’ conversion of our convertible senior notes due 2026. As a
result, the prevailing trading prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could be adversely affected by
conversions of these notes.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   195
      RISK FACTORS



      As our founder and co-founders collectively hold a controlling interest in us,
      they have significant influence over our management and their interests may
      not be aligned with our interests or the interests of our other shareholders.
      As of March 31, 2023, our founder, Mr. Qi Ji, who is also our chairman of the board and our co-founders,
      Ms. Tong Tong Zhao and Mr. John Jiong Wu, in total beneficially owned approximately 30.8% of our
      outstanding ordinary shares on an as-converted basis. The interests of these shareholders may conflict
      with the interests of our other shareholders. Our founder and co-founders have significant influence over
      us, including on matters relating to mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our
      assets, election of directors and other significant corporate actions. This concentration of ownership
      may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us, which could deprive our shareholders of an
      opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company or of our assets and
      might reduce the price of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. These actions may be taken even if they are
      opposed by our other shareholders, including holders of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares.


      Holders of our ADSs may not receive dividends or other distributions on
      our ordinary shares and may not receive any value for them, if it is illegal or
      impractical to make them available to these holders.
      The depositary of the ADSs has agreed that if it or the custodian receives any cash dividends or other
      distributions on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities underlying the ADSs, it will pay them
      to the holders of ADSs after deducting its fees and expenses pursuant to the deposit agreement. The
      holders of ADSs will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of ordinary shares that
      their ADSs represent. However, the depositary or the custodian is not responsible if it decides that it is
      unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be
      unlawful to make a distribution to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration
      under the Securities Act, but that are not properly registered or distributed under an applicable
      exemption from registration. The depositary may also determine that it is not practicable to distribute
      certain property. In these cases, the depositary may determine not to distribute such property. We have
      no obligation to register under U.S. securities laws any ADSs, ordinary shares, rights or other securities
      received through such distributions. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the
      distribution of ADSs, ordinary shares, rights or anything else to holders of ADSs. This means that the
      holders of ADSs may not receive distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it
      is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to these holders. These restrictions may cause a
      material decline in the value of the ADSs.




196   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



ADS holders may not have the same voting rights as the holders of
our ordinary shares and generally have fewer rights than our ordinary
shareholders, and must act through the depositary to exercise those rights.
Holders of ADSs do not have the same rights as our ordinary shareholders and may only exercise voting
and other shareholder rights with respect to the underlying ordinary shares in accordance with the
provisions of the deposit agreement. Except as described in the deposit agreement, holders of our
ADSs may not be able to exercise voting rights attaching to the shares evidenced by our ADSs on an
individual basis. Holders of our ADSs appoint the depositary or its nominee as their representative to
exercise the voting rights attaching to the shares represented by the ADSs. ADS holders may not receive
voting materials in time to instruct the depositary to vote, and it is possible that they may not have
the opportunity to exercise a right to vote and/or may lack recourse if the ADSs are not voted as you
requested.


Except in limited circumstances, the depositary will give us a discretionary
proxy to vote our ordinary shares underlying the ADSs if holders of these
ADSs do not give voting instructions to the depositary, which could adversely
affect the interests of holders of ordinary shares and/or the ADSs.
Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary shares
underlying the ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if holders of these ADSs do not give voting instructions to
the depositary, unless:


•      we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


•      we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on
       at the meeting;


•      a matter to be voted on at the meeting may adversely affect the rights of shareholders; or


•      voting at the meeting is made on a show of hands.


The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if holders of ADSs fail to give voting instructions to the
depositary, they cannot prevent our ordinary shares underlying their ADSs from being voted, except
under the circumstances described above. This may make it more difficult for shareholders to influence
our management. Holders of our ordinary shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   197
      RISK FACTORS



      We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many
      other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
      We completed our public offering and listing in Hong Kong in September 2020 and the trading of our
      ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange commenced on September 22, 2020 under the stock
      code “1179.” As a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Chapter 19C of the Hong
      Kong Listing Rules, we are not subject to certain provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules pursuant to
      Rule 19C.11, including, among others, rules on notifiable transactions, connected transactions, share
      option schemes, content of financial statements as well as certain other continuing obligations. In
      addition, in connection with the listing of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have
      been granted a number of waivers and/or exemptions from strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules, the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the Laws of
      Hong Kong), the Code on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs (the “Takeovers Codes”) and the
      Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”). As a result, we
      will adopt different practices as to those matters, including with respect to the content and presentation
      of our annual reports and interim reports, as compared with other companies listed on the Hong Kong
      Stock Exchange that do not enjoy those exemptions or waivers. Furthermore, if 55% or more of the total
      worldwide trading volume, by dollar value, of our ordinary shares and ADSs over our most recent fiscal
      year takes place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will regard us as
      having a dual primary listing in Hong Kong and we will no longer enjoy certain exemptions or waivers from
      strict compliance with the requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Companies (Winding Up
      and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Takeovers Codes
      and the SFO, which could result in our needing to undertake additional compliance activities, to devote
      additional resources to comply with new requirements, and our incurring of incremental compliance
      costs.


      ADS holders may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may
      experience dilution of his, her or its holdings as a result.
      We may from time to time distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire our securities.
      Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, the depositary will not offer those rights to ADS holders
      unless both the rights and the underlying securities to be distributed to ADS holders are either registered
      under the Securities Act, or exempt from registration under the Securities Act with respect to all holders
      of ADSs. We are under no obligation to file a registration statement with respect to any such rights or
      underlying securities or to endeavor to cause such a registration statement to be declared effective. In
      addition, we may not be able to take advantage of any exemptions from registration under the Securities
      Act. Accordingly, holders of our ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may
      experience dilution in their holdings as a result.




198   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS



ADS holders may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.
Our ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer
books at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its
duties. In addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally
when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary deem
it advisable to do so because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or
under any provision of the deposit agreement, or for any other reason.


We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could
divert management attention.
Companies that have experienced volatility in the volume and market prices of their shares have been
subject to an increased incidence of securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type
of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert
our management’s attention from other business concerns, and, if adversely determined, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


As a foreign private issuer, we are permitted to, and we will, rely on
exemptions from certain NASDAQ corporate governance standards
applicable to U.S. issuers, including the requirement regarding the
implementation of a nominations committee. This may afford less
protection to holders of our ordinary shares and ADSs.
The NASDAQ Marketplace Rules in general require listed companies to have, among other things, a
nominations committee consisting solely of independent directors. As a foreign private issuer, we
are permitted to, and we will, follow home country corporate governance practices instead of certain
requirements of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, including, among others, the implementation of a
nominations committee. The corporate governance practice in our home country, the Cayman Islands,
does not require the implementation of a nominations committee. We currently intend to rely upon the
relevant home country exemption with respect to the nominations committee. As a result, the level of
independent oversight over management of our company may afford less protection to holders of our
ordinary shares and ADSs.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   199
      RISK FACTORS



      Our amended and restated articles of association contain anti-takeover
      provisions that could have a material adverse effect on the rights of holders
      of our ordinary shares and ADSs.
      Our amended and restated articles of association contain provisions that have potential to limit
      the ability of others to acquire control of our company or cause us to enter into change-of-control
      transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of opportunities to
      sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to
      obtain control of our company in a tender offer or similar transaction.


      For example, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue
      preferred shares in one or more classes or series and to fix their designations, powers, preferences, and
      relative participating, optional or other rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions, including,
      without limitation, dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption privileges and
      liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights associated with our ordinary
      shares, in the form of ADSs or otherwise. In the event these preferred shares have better voting rights
      than our ordinary shares, in the form of ADSs or otherwise, they could be issued quickly with terms
      calculated to delay or prevent a change in control of our company or make removal of management more
      difficult. If our board of directors decides to issue preferred shares, the price of our ADSs may decline
      and the voting and other rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and ADSs may be materially and
      adversely affected.


      The provisions of our amended and restated articles of association may encourage potential acquirers
      to negotiate with us and allow our board of directors the opportunity to consider alternative proposals in
      the interest of maximizing shareholder value. However, these provisions may also discourage acquisition
      proposals or delay or prevent a change in control that could be beneficial to holders of our ordinary
      shares and ADSs.




200   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                         RISK FACTORS



You may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts or Hong Kong courts
may be limited. The ability of U.S. or Hong Kong authorities to bring actions
against us or our management may also be limited.
We are an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands,
and conduct a substantial portion of our business and operations through our subsidiaries in China, the
world’s largest emerging market. With the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality in January 2020, we also
operate part of our business in Germany, among other jurisdictions. Most of our officers reside outside
the United States and Hong Kong and some or all of the assets of those persons are located outside
of the United States and Hong Kong. It may be difficult or impossible for you to bring an action against
us or against these individuals in the Cayman Islands, China, Hong Kong or Germany in the event that
you believe that your rights have been infringed under the securities laws or otherwise. Even if you are
successful in bringing an action of this kind outside the Cayman Islands, China, Hong Kong or Germany,
the laws of the Cayman Islands, China, Hong Kong and Germany may render you unable to effect service
of process upon, or to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers.
There is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands would (i) recognize or enforce
judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers that are predicated upon the
civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States, or (ii)
entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands against us or our directors or officers that are
predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. Although there
is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the federal or state courts of
the United States (and the Cayman Islands are not a party to any treaties for the reciprocal enforcement
or recognition of such judgments), the courts of the Cayman Islands would recognize as a valid judgment,
a final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in the foreign courts against our company
under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple
damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) or, in certain
circumstances, an in personam judgment for non-monetary relief, and would give a judgment based
thereon provided that (a) such courts had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to such judgment,
(b) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of the Cayman Islands, (c) such judgment
was not obtained by fraud, (d) the enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to the public policy
of the Cayman Islands, (e) no new admissible evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the
rendering of the judgment by the courts of the Cayman Islands, and (f) there is due compliance with the
correct procedures under the laws of the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement
proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.




                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   201
      RISK FACTORS


      A judgment of a court of another jurisdiction may be reciprocally recognized or enforced if the
      jurisdiction has a treaty with China or if judgments of the PRC courts have been recognized before in that
      jurisdiction, subject to the satisfaction of other requirements. However, China does not have treaties
      providing for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments of courts with Japan, the United Kingdom, the
      United States and most other Western countries. There are also uncertainties as to the enforceability in
      Germany of civil liabilities based on the U.S. federal and state securities laws or Hong Kong laws, either
      in an original action or in an action to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. courts or Hong Kong courts
      (as the case may be). Germany currently does not have a treaty with the U.S. or Hong Kong providing
      for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and
      commercial matters. German courts usually deny the recognition and enforcement of punitive damages
      as incompatible with the fundamental principles of German law. In addition, due to jurisdictional
      limitations, matters of comity and various other factors, the SEC, the Department of Justice and other
      U.S. authorities may be limited in their ability to take enforcement actions, including in instances of
      fraud, against us or our directors and officers in China. In addition, shareholder claims that are common
      in the United States, including class action securities law and fraud claims, are generally uncommon in
      China.


      Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
      association and by the Companies Act, Cap 22 (Act 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) (the
      “Companies Act”) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take legal
      action against our directors and us, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
      of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the
      Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited
      judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, which has persuasive, but
      not binding, authority on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary
      responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not as clearly established as they would
      be under statutes or judicial precedents in the United States and Hong Kong. In particular, the Cayman
      Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States and Hong Kong,
      and provides significantly less protection to investors. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not
      have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action before the federal courts of the United States
      or the courts of Hong Kong. Furthermore, our amended and restated articles of association are specific
      to us and include certain provisions that may be different from common practices in Hong Kong, such
      as the absence of requirements that the appointment, removal and remuneration of auditors must be
      approved by a majority of our shareholders.


      As a result of all of the above, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their
      interests through actions against our management, directors or major shareholders than would
      shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States or in Hong Kong.




202   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS



It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or
collect evidence within China.
On February 24, 2023, the CSRC released a Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and Archives
Administration Relating to Overseas Issuance and Listing of Securities by Domestic Enterprises, which
came into effective on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to which, a PRC based company must obtain approvals
and make filings with relevant authorities when providing or publicly disclosing, by itself or through
the overseas listing entity, any document or material that involves state secret or work secret of state
agencies. In addition, pursuant to such regulation, any cross-border investigation, collection of evidence
or inspection targeting PRC-based issuers, securities companies and security service institutions
proposed by overseas securities regulatory authorities must be carried out through cross-border
regulatory cooperation mechanism and reported to CSRC or relevant competent departments in advance.


As of the date of this annual report, there remains uncertainties as to the interpretation and
implementation of such regulation. Also, shareholder claims or regulatory investigations that are
common in the United States generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China.
For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed
for regulatory investigations or litigation initiated outside China. Although the authorities in China may
establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another
country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such cooperation with the
securities regulatory authorities in the United States may not be efficient in the absence of mutual and
practical cooperation mechanisms. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law,
or Article 177, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to
directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. In addition,
the Data Security Law and the Personal Information Protection Law provide that no entity or individual
within the PRC territory can provide any foreign judicial body and law enforcement body with any data
or any personal information stored within the PRC territory without the approval of the competent PRC
regulatory authority. While detailed interpretations of or implementation rules under Article 177 have
yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator to directly conduct investigation
or evidence collection activities within China may increase difficulties you may face in protecting your
interests.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   203
      RISK FACTORS



      The different characteristics of the capital markets in Hong Kong and the
      U.S. may negatively affect the trading prices of our ordinary shares and ADSs.
      We are subject to Hong Kong and NASDAQ listing and regulatory requirements concurrently. The Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ Global Select Market have different trading hours, trading
      characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases
      (including different levels of retail and institutional participation). As a result of these differences, the
      trading prices of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may not be the same, even allowing for currency
      differences and the ADS ratio. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar to the
      U.S. capital markets could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary shares, or vice versa.
      Certain events having significant negative impact specifically on the U.S. capital markets may result in
      a decline in the trading price of our ordinary shares notwithstanding that such event may not impact the
      trading prices of securities listed in Hong Kong generally or to the same extent, or vice versa. Because of
      the different characteristics of the U.S. and Hong Kong capital markets, the historical market prices of
      our ADSs in the NASDAQ Global Select Market may not be indicative of the trading performance of the
      ordinary shares in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and vice versa.


      Exchange between our ordinary shares and our ADSs may adversely affect
      the liquidity and/or trading price of each other.
      Our ADSs are currently traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Subject to compliance with U.S.
      securities law and the terms of the deposit agreement, holders of our ordinary shares may deposit
      ordinary shares with the depositary in exchange for the issuance of our ADSs. Any holder of ADSs may
      also withdraw the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement
      for trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In the event that a substantial number of ordinary shares
      are deposited with the depositary in exchange for ADSs, or vice versa, the liquidity and trading prices
      of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and our ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select
      Market may be adversely affected.




204   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS



The time required for the exchange between ordinary shares and ADSs may
be longer than expected and investors may not be able to settle or effect
any sale of their securities during this period, and the exchange of ordinary
shares into ADSs involves costs.
There is no direct trading or settlement route between the NASDAQ Global Select Market and the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange on which our ADSs and the ordinary shares are respectively traded. In addition,
the time differences between Hong Kong and New York and unforeseen market circumstances or other
factors may delay the deposit of ordinary shares in exchange of ADSs or the withdrawal of ordinary
shares underlying the ADSs. Investors will be prevented from settling or effecting the sale of their
securities during such periods of delay. In addition, there is no assurance that any exchange of ordinary
shares into ADSs (and vice versa) will be completed in accordance with the timelines investors may
anticipate.


Furthermore, the depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including
for the issuance of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, the release of ordinary shares upon cancelation
of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to
share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions of securities other than ADSs and annual
service fees. As a result, shareholders who exchange ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa, may not
achieve the level of economic return the shareholders may anticipate.

We may be classified as a passive foreign investment company, which could
result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences for U.S.
Holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares.
Based on our financial statements and relevant market and shareholder data, we believe that we should
not be treated as a passive foreign investment company (a “PFIC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes
for 2022. In addition, based on our financial statements and our current expectations regarding the value
and nature of our assets, the sources and nature of our income, and relevant market and shareholder
data, we do not anticipate becoming a PFIC in 2023. The application of the PFIC rules is subject to
ambiguity in several respects and, in addition, we must make annual separate determinations each
year as to whether we are a PFIC (after the close of each taxable year). Accordingly, we cannot assure
you of our PFIC status for 2023 or for any future taxable year. If we were treated as a PFIC for any
taxable year during which a U.S. Holder held an ADS or an ordinary share, certain adverse United States
federal income tax consequences could apply to the U.S. Holder (as defined herein). For a more detailed
discussion of United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders, see “Other Information –
for Shareholders – Taxation – United States Federal Income Tax Consideration.”




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   205
      RISK FACTORS



      There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the
      trading or conversion of our ADSs.
      In connection with the public offering of our ordinary shares in Hong Kong in September 2020, or the
      Hong Kong IPO, we established a branch register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share
      register. Our ordinary shares that are traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, including those issued in
      the Hong Kong IPO and those that may be converted from ADSs, are registered on the Hong Kong share
      register, and the trading of these ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are subject to the
      Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between the NASDAQ
      Global Select Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have moved a portion of our issued ordinary
      shares from our Cayman share register to our Hong Kong share register.

      Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects any sale or purchase of Hong Kong
      stock, defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to
      pay Hong Kong stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at a total rate of 0.26% of the greater of the
      consideration for, or the value of, shares transferred, with 0.13% payable by each of the buyer and the
      seller.

      To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or
      conversion of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong and that have
      maintained all or a portion of their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their
      Hong Kong share registers. However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or
      conversion of ADSs of these dual-listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong
      Kong-registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult
      their own tax advisors on this matter. If Hong Kong stamp duty is determined by the competent authority
      to apply to the trading or conversion of our ADSs, the trading price and the value of your investment in
      our ADSs or ordinary shares may be affected.




206   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                DEFINITIONS


CONVENTIONS THAT APPLY TO THIS ANNUAL REPORT
Unless otherwise indicated, all translations from U.S. dollars to RMB in this annual report were made at
a rate of US$1.00 to RMB6.8972, the exchange rate as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S.
Federal Reserve Board on December 30, 2022. No representation is made that the RMB amounts referred
to herein could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at any particular rate or at all. On April
21, 2023, the exchange rate was US$1.00 to RMB6.8920. Any discrepancies in any table between totals
and sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding.


Unless otherwise indicated, in this annual report,


•      “ADRs ” are to the American depositary receipts that may evidence our ADSs;


•      “ADSs ” are to our American depositary shares, each representing ten ordinary shares;


•      “China ” or the “PRC ” are to the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for purposes of this annual
       report, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan;


•      “Consolidated Affiliated Entities ” are to Tianjin Jizhu Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin
       Jizhu”), Huanmei Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Huanmei”) and its
       wholly owned subsidiary Huanmei International Travel Agency (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Huanmei
       Travel”), and Ningbo Futing Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (“Ningbo Futing”), each of which is a
       Consolidated Affiliated Entity;


•      “Consolidated Fund ” are to Ningbo Hongting Investment Management Center (LLP) (“Ningbo
       Hongting”) and its subsidiary;


•      “Deutsche Hospitality ” or “legacy DH ” refers to Steigenberger Hotels GmbH (formerly known as
       Steigenberger Hotels Aktiengesellschaft), a subsidiary of our company established under the laws
       of Germany on September 12, 1985, and its subsidiaries;


•      “EUR ” and “Euro” refers to the legal currency of European Union;


•      “HKD ” refers to the legal currency of Hong Kong;


•      “Hong Kong ” or “HK” refers to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;


•      “Hong Kong Listing Rules ” are to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
       Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;


•      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange ” are to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;


•      “Huanmei Travel ” are to Huanmei International Travel Agency (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.;


•      “leased hotels ” are to leased-and-operated hotels;




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   207
      DEFINITIONS


      •      “legacy Huazhu ” refers to our company excluding Deutsche Hospitality;


      •      “manachised hotels ” are to franchised-and-managed hotels;


      •      “Ningbo Futing ” are to Ningbo Futing Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.;


      •      “Ningbo Hongting ” are to Ningbo Hongting Investment Management Center (LLP);


      •      “occupancy rate ” refers to the number of rooms in use divided by the number of available rooms
             for a given period;


      •      “RevPAR ” refers to revenue per available room, calculated by room revenue during a period divided
             by the number of available rooms of such hotel during the same period;


      •      “ordinary shares ” or “Shares ” are to our ordinary shares, par value US$0.00001 per share;


      •      “RMB ” and “Renminbi ” are to the legal currency of China;


      •      “Shanghai Huanmei ” are to Huanmei Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.;


      •      “Tianjin Jizhu ” are to Tianjin Jizhu Information Technology Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Tianjin
             Mengguang Information Technology Co., Ltd.);


      •      “US$ ” and “U.S. dollars ” are to the legal currency of the United States;


      •      “VIEs” are to the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and the Consolidated Fund; and


      •      “We ,” “us ,” “our company ,” “our ” and “Huazhu ” are to H World Group Limited (formerly known as
             Huazhu Group Limited and China Lodging Group, Limited), a Cayman Islands exempted company
             with limited liability, its predecessor entities and its subsidiaries and, in the context of describing
             our operations and consolidated financial information, the VIEs.


      When calculating the number of cities in China with our hotel network coverage in this annual report, we
      include the number of municipalities, cities and counties with at least one hotel under our operation or
      under development.


      In June 2021, we effected a share split that each issued and unissued ordinary share with a par value
      of US$0.0001 was sub-divided into ten ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.00001 each (the “Share
      Subdivision”). Concurrent with the Share Subdivision, the ratio of ADS to ordinary share was adjusted
      from one (1) ADS representing one (1) ordinary share to one (1) ADS representing ten (10) ordinary shares.
      Except otherwise stated, the Share Subdivision has been retrospectively applied for all periods presented
      in this annual report.


      The English version of this annual report prevail over the Chinese version.




208   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                             DEFINITIONS


The English names of the PRC entities, PRC laws or regulations, and the PRC governmental authorities
referred to in this annual report are translations from their Chinese names and are for identification
purposes. If there is any inconsistency, the Chinese names shall prevail.


FORWARD – LOOKING STATEMENTS
This annual report contains forward-looking statements that are made under the “safe harbor” provisions
of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of
historical fact contained in this annual report, including those regarding our future financial position,
strategies, plans, objectives, goals and targets, future developments in the markets where we participate
or are seeking to participate and any statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “aim,”
“anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “going forward,” “intend,” “may,” “ought to,” “plan,”
“potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “vision,” “aspire,” “target,” “schedules,”
“goal,” “outlook” and the negative of these words and other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our
management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current
views of our management with respect to future events, operations, liquidity and capital resources,
some of which may not materialize or may change. These statements are subject to certain known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the risk factors as described in this annual
report. You are strongly cautioned that reliance on any forward-looking statements involves known and
unknown risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties facing us which could affect the accuracy
of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following:


•      our anticipated growth strategies, including developing new hotels at desirable locations in a
       timely and cost-effective manner and launching a new hotel brand;


•      our future business development, results of operations and financial condition;


•      expected changes in our revenues and certain cost or expense items;


•      our ability to attract customers and leverage our brand;


•      trends and competition in the lodging industry;


•      the status of the relevant regulatory and legislative developments in the countries we operate;


•      natural disasters, health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, including COVID-19; and


•      general economic, business and socio-political conditions globally, including recent Russia-
       Ukraine war.


By their nature, certain disclosures relating to these and other risks are only estimates and should one or
more of these uncertainties or risks, among others, materialize, actual results may vary materially from
those estimated, anticipated or projected, as well as from historical results. Specifically but without
limitation, sales could decrease, costs could increase, capital costs could increase, capital investment
could be delayed and anticipated improvements in performance might not be fully realized.




                                                                          H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   209
      DEFINITIONS


      We would like to caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and
      you should read these statements in conjunction with the risk factors disclosed in “Risk Factors.” Other
      sections of this annual report include additional factors that could adversely affect our business
      and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and
      uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk
      factors and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to
      which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those
      contained in any forward-looking statements. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these
      cautionary statements.


      You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We undertake no
      obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
      future events or otherwise.




210   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Shareholders of H World Group Limited
(incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of H World Group Limited (previously known as
Huazhu Group Limited) (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”)
set out on pages 217 to 287, which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as
at December 31, 2022, and the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated
statements of changes in equity and consolidated statements of cash flows for the year then ended, and
notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance
and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in
the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   211
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



      Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Impairment Assessment of Goodwill and Brand Names with Indefinite Lives


      As of December 31, 2022, the Company had               •    We tested the effectiveness of internal
      goodwill and brand names assigned to the legacy             controls which address risks of material
      DH reporting unit of RMB2,163 million and                   misstatements with respect to management’s
      RMB3,348 million, respectively. The Company                 impairment assessment of Group’s goodwill
      concluded through its impairment analyses, no               and brand names including internal controls
      impairment on goodwill and RMB167 million                   related to significant assumption used in the
      of impairment loss on brand names should be                 discounted cash flow model.
      recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022.
                                                             •    We evaluated the appropriateness and
      We identified impairment assessments of goodwill            consistency of management’s methods used
      and brand names with indefinite lives assigned to           in developing the impairment analysis.
      the legacy DH reporting unit as a key audit matter
      because of the significant judgments made by           •    We evaluated the reasonableness of
      management relating the determination of the                judgments made and significant assumptions
      estimated fair value of the legacy DH reporting unit        used by management in the cash flow
      as part of the impairment assessments.                      projections for the determination of fair
                                                                  value of legacy DH reporting units and brand
      The Company determined the estimated fair value             names with infinite lives. We also evaluated
      of the legacy DH reporting unit and each brand              the ranges and probabilities of reasonably
      name assigned to the legacy DH reporting unit               possible outcomes, and where management
      using the discounted cash flow methodology under            set its point estimate within the range.
      income approach. The determination of the fair
      value using the discount cash flow model requires      •    We performed retrospective reviews when
      management to make significant estimates and                evaluating the thoroughness and precision
      assumptions related to projected hotels’ revenues,          of management’s estimation process and
      growth rates, projected operating cost, royalty             effectiveness of the related internal controls
      saving rates and discount rates (collectively               by comparing actual outcomes to previous
      referred to as “significant assumptions”). These            estimates and the related financial statement
      significant assumptions used to calculate the               impact, and evaluating key judgments made
      fair value of the reporting unit and brand names            by management.
      change from year to year based on forecasted
      operating results and are sensitive to change in
      market conditions and consumer demands.




212   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key audit matter                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment Assessment of Goodwill and Brand Names with Indefinite Lives (Continued)


This required a high degree of auditor judgment      •    With the assistance of internal fair
and an increased extent of effort when performing         value specialists, we evaluated the
audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness           reasonableness of the discount rates
of management’s significant judgments.                    by developing a range of independent
                                                          estimates and comparing those to the
                                                          related rates selected by management.


                                                     •    We tested the accuracy and completeness
                                                          of the key data used in developing
                                                          estimates.


                                                     •    We tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                          calculations within the discounted cash flow
                                                          model.




                                                                 H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   213
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



      OTHER INFORMATION
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
      the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements
      and our auditor’s report thereon.


      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
      other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
      the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
      be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
      misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in
      this regard.


      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED
      WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
      statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the accounting principles generally
      accepted in the United States of America, and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
      preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
      to fraud or error.


      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
      Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
      and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group
      or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




214   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
      obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
      of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
      error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
      override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
      opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
      or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
      If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
      report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
      are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
      up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group
      to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   215
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
              including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
              underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


      •       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
              or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
              statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
              We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
      scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
      internal control that we identify during our audit.


      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
      ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
      matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
      taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
      were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period
      and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
      regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
      determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
      doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Mr. Jacky Wong Suk
      Hung.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      April 27, 2023




216   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                        2021                2022                 2022
                                                                                                     US$’ in millions
                                                                                                             (Note 2)

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                            5,116               3,583                  520
  Restricted cash                                                          25              1,503                  218
  Short-term investments                                               2,589               1,788                  259
  Accounts receivable, net                                               521               1,113                  161
  Loan receivables – current, net                                        218                  134                   19
  Amounts due from related parties, net                                  149                  178                   26
  Inventories                                                              88                  70                   10
  Other current assets, net                                              847                  809                 117
Total current assets                                                   9,553               9,178                1,330
Property and equipment, net                                            7,056               6,784                  984
Intangible assets, net                                                 5,385               5,278                  765
Operating lease right-of-use assets                                  29,942               28,970                4,200
Finance lease right-of-use assets                                      2,235               2,047                  297
Land use rights, net                                                     206                  199                   29
Long-term investments                                                  1,965               1,945                  282
Goodwill                                                               5,132               5,195                  753
Amounts due from a related party                                            1                    6                   1
Loan receivables, net                                                      98                 124                   18
Other assets, net                                                        834                  688                 101
Deferred income tax assets                                               862               1,093                  158
Total assets                                                         63,269               61,507                8,918
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Short-term debt and current portion of long-term
    debt                                                               6,232               3,288                  477
  Accounts payable                                                       968               1,171                  170
  Amounts due to related parties                                         197                   71                   10
  Salary and welfare payables                                            591                  657                   95
  Deferred revenue                                                     1,366               1,308                  190
  Operating lease liabilities, current                                 3,628               3,773                  547
  Finance lease liabilities, current                                       41                  41                    6
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                       1,838               2,337                  339
  Income tax payable                                                     418                  500                   72
Total current liabilities                                            15,279               13,146                1,906




                                                                           H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         217
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                    2021             2022               2022
                                                                                                              US$’ in millions
                                                                                                                     (Note 2)

      Long-term debt                                                               3,565             6,635               962
      Operating lease liabilities, non-current                                    28,012            27,637              4,007
      Finance lease liabilities, non-current                                       2,684             2,513               364
      Deferred revenue                                                                   785           828               120
      Other long-term liabilities                                                        903           977               142
      Retirement benefit obligations                                                     144           110                 16
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                    853           858               124
      Total liabilities                                                           52,225            52,704              7,641
      Commitments and contingencies (Note 22)
      Equity:
        Ordinary shares (US$0.00001 par value per share;
           80,000,000,000 shares authorized; 3,255,971,250
           and 3,265,433,590 shares issued as of December
           31, 2021 and 2022, and 3,120,746,090 and
           3,112,413,730 shares outstanding as of
           December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively)                                       0             0                  0
        Treasury shares (30,974,040 and 153,019,860
           shares as of December 31, 2021 and 2022,
           respectively)                                                             (107)            (441)               (64)
        Additional paid-in capital                                                 9,964            10,138              1,470
        Retained earnings                                                          1,037            (1,200)              (174)
        Accumulated other comprehensive income                                            41           232                 34
      Total H World Group Limited shareholders’ equity                            10,935             8,729              1,266
      Noncontrolling interest                                                            109            74                 11
      Total equity                                                                11,044             8,803              1,277
      Total liabilities and equity                                                63,269            61,507              8,918




      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




218   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                  (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                                      2020             2021              2022               2022
                                                                                                                  US$’ in millions
                                                                                                                         (Note 2)

Revenues:
  Leased and owned hotels                                             6,908           8,118             9,148               1,326
  Manachised and franchised hotels                                    3,136           4,404             4,405                 639
  Others                                                                152             263               309                  45
Total revenues                                                       10,196          12,785            13,862               2,010
Operating costs and expenses:
  Hotel operating costs                                               9,729          11,282            12,260               1,777
  Other operating costs                                                  52              58                62                   9
  Selling and marketing expenses                                        597             641               613                  89
  General and administrative expenses                                 1,259           1,545             1,675                 243
  Pre-opening expenses                                                  288              81                95                  14
Total operating costs and expenses                                   11,925          13,607            14,705               2,132
Goodwill impairment loss                                                437               –                  –                  –
Other operating income, net                                             480             986               549                  79
(Loss) income from operations                                        (1,686)            164              (294)                (43)
Interest income                                                         119              89                87                  13
Interest expense                                                        533             405               409                  59
Other (expense) income, net                                             (89)            157                10                   1
Losses from fair value changes of equity securities, net               (265)             (96)            (359)                (52)
Foreign exchange gain (loss), net                                       175            (317)             (641)                (93)
Loss before income taxes                                             (2,279)           (408)            (1,606)              (233)
Income tax (benefit) expense                                           (215)             12               207                  30
Loss from equity method investments                                    (140)             (60)              (36)                (5)
Net loss                                                             (2,204)           (480)            (1,849)              (268)
Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest                  (12)             (15)              (28)                (4)
Net loss attributable to H World Group Limited                       (2,192)           (465)            (1,821)              (264)




                                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         219
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                                             2020          2021             2022               2022
                                                                                                                     US$’ in millions
                                                                                                                            (Note 2)

      Other comprehensive income (loss)
      (Loss) gain arising from defined benefit plan, net of tax of
        RMB13,RMB4 and RMB10 for the year ended 2020, 2021
        and 2022, respectively                                                (27)           13               22                   3
      Gains from fair value changes of debt securities, net of tax
        of nil, nil and RMB19 for 2020,2021 and 2022, respectively              –              –              57                   8
      Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of nil
        for the years ended 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively                 203            (99)            112                  16
      Comprehensive loss                                                   (2,028)          (566)          (1,658)              (241)
      Less: comprehensive loss attributable to the
        noncontrolling interest                                               (12)           (15)             (28)                 (4)
      Comprehensive loss attributable to H World Group Limited             (2,016)          (551)          (1,630)              (237)

      Losses per share:
        Basic                                                                (0.75)        (0.15)           (0.59)             (0.08)
        Diluted                                                              (0.75)        (0.15)           (0.59)             (0.08)
      Weighted average number of shares used in computation:
        Basic                                                        2,927,398,409 3,114,124,244    3,111,196,757     3,111,196,757
        Diluted                                                      2,927,398,409 3,114,124,244    3,111,196,757     3,111,196,757




      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




220   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                     Ordinary Shares            Treasury Shares                                       Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Other
                                                                                                               Outstanding                                               Additional     Retained    Comprehensive Noncontrolling
                                                                                                                    shares         Amount      Shares         Amount Paid-in Capital    Earnings     (Loss) Income     Interest     Total Equity
                                           Balance at January 1, 2020                                         2,859,026,090             0   30,967,640            (107)        3,834       3,694              (49)          121           7,493
                                           Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of options and
                                             vesting of restricted stocks                                        14,543,070            0            –               –              2           –               –               –              2
                                           Conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2022                            2,020            0            –               –              0           –               –               –              0
                                           Share-based compensation                                                       –            –            –               –            122           –               –               –            122
                                           Net loss                                                                       –            –            –               –              –      (2,192)              –             (12)        (2,204)
                                           Dividends to noncontrolling interest holders                                   –            –            –               –              –           –               –              (4)            (4)
                                           Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest holders                      –            –            –               –              –           –               –              10             10
                                           Issuance of ordinary shares in Hong Kong public offering             234,854,500            0            –               –          5,968           –               –               –          5,968
                                           Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                                         –            –            –               –           (118)          –               –             (18)          (136)
                                           Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of nil                    –            –            –               –              –           –             203               –            203
                                           Disposal of noncontrolling interest for deconsolidation                        –            –            –               –              –           –               –               0              0
                                           Noncontrolling interest recognized in connection with acquisitions             –            –            –               –              –           –               –               3              3
                                           Noncontrolling interest recognized from partial disposal                       –            –            –               –              –           –               –               2              2
                                           Loss arising from defined benefit plan,
                                             net of tax of RMB13                                                          –            –            –                –             –           –              (27)            –             (27)
                                           Balance at December 31, 2020                                       3,108,425,680             0   30,967,640            (107)        9,808       1,502             127            102          11,432
                                           Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of options and
                                             vesting of restricted stocks                                        12,325,470            0            –                –            –            –                –              –              0
                                           Conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2022                            1,340            0            –                –            0            –                –              –              0
                                           Share-based compensation                                                       –            –            –                –          109            –                –              –            109
                                           Net loss                                                                       –            –            –                –            –         (465)               –            (15)          (480)
                                           Dividends to noncontrolling interest holders                                   –            –            –                –            –            –                –             (4)            (4)
                                           Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest holders                      –            –            –                –            –            –                –             16             16
                                           Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                                         –            –            –                –           (3)           –                –            (11)           (14)
                                           Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of nil                    –            –            –                –            –            –              (99)             –            (99)
                                           Repurchase of ordinary shares                                             (6,400)           –        6,400               (0)           –            –                –              –             (0)
                                           Net settlement on shares repurchased for withholding taxes
                                             related to share-based awards                                                –            –            –                –            50           –               –              –              50
                                           Noncontrolling interest recognized in connection with acquisitions             –            –            –                –             –           –               –             21              21
                                           Income arising from defined benefit plan, net of tax of RMB4                   –            –            –                –             –           –              13              –              13
H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   Balance at December 31, 2021                                      3,120,746,090              0   30,974,040            (107)        9,964       1,037              41            109          11,044
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (Renminbi in millions, except share data, unless otherwise stated)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




221
222



                                                                                                                       Ordinary Shares             Treasury Shares                                   Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Other
                                                                                                                 Outstanding                                                Additional    Retained Comprehensive Noncontrolling
                                                                                                                      shares         Amount       Shares         Amount Paid-in Capital   Earnings (Loss) Income      Interest     Total Equity
                                           Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of options and
                                             vesting of restricted stocks                                          9,462,340              0            –               –             –          –              –             –               0
                                           Return of loaned ADS in connection with issuance of
                                             Convertible Senior Notes due 2022                                             –             –    104,251,120              –             –           –             –              –              –
                                           Share-based compensation                                                        –             –              –              –            87           –             –              –             87
                                           Net loss                                                                        –             –              –              –             –      (1,821)            –            (28)        (1,849)
                                           Dividends to noncontrolling interest holders                                    –             –              –              –             –           –             –             (6)            (6)
                                           Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest holders                       –             –              –              –             –           –             –              0              0
                                           Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                                          –             –              –              –             1           –             –             (2)            (1)
H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022



                                           Gains from fair value changes of debt securities,
                                             net of tax of RMB19                                                            –            –              –               –            –          –             57             –              57
                                           Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of nil                      –            –              –               –            –          –            112             –             112
                                           Repurchase of ordinary shares                                          (17,794,700)           –     17,794,700            (334)           –          –              –             –            (334)
                                           Cash dividends declared                                                          –            –              –               –            –       (416)             –             –            (416)
                                           Noncontrolling interest recognized in connection with acquisitions               –            –              –               –            –          –              –             1               1
                                           Termination of Capped Call                                                       –            –              –               –           86          –              –             –              86
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (Renminbi in millions, except share data, unless otherwise stated)




                                           Income arising from defined benefit plan, net of tax of RMB10                    –            –              –               –            –          –             22             –              22
                                           Balance at December 31, 2022                                         3,112,413,730             0   153,019,860            (441)       10,138     (1,200)          232            74           8,803
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                           The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                          (Renminbi in millions, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                          Years Ended December 31,
                                                                 2020           2021             2022              2022
                                                                                                         US$ in millions
                                                                                                                (Note 2)

Operating activities:
  Net loss                                                      (2,204)          (480)         (1,849)             (268)
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by
    operating activities:
    Share-based compensation                                      122            109               87                13
    Depreciation and amortization                               1,362          1,503            1,456               211
    Amortization of issuance cost of convertible senior notes
      and upfront fee on bank borrowings                           83             60               57                 8
    Deferred income taxes                                        (553)           (543)           (268)              (39)
    Credit loss                                                    65            105               82                12
    Loss (gain) from disposal of property and equipment              1            (14)             (4)                (1)
    Impairment loss                                               709            380              491                71
    Loss from equity method investments, net of dividends         145             60               85                12
    Foreign currency exchange loss (gain)                        (176)           255              341                49
    Investment loss (income)                                      284            (188)            321                47
    Interest accretion for finance lease                           27               4              16                 2
    Noncash lease expense                                       2,063          2,306            2,257               327
    Gain on reassessment of finance lease payments                   –              –             (66)              (10)
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities,
      net of effect of acquisitions:
      Accounts receivable                                          35            (113)           (621)              (90)
      Inventories                                                    0              2              20                 3
      Amounts due from related parties                             (14)           12              (57)                (8)
      Other current assets                                       (147)              6              43                 7
      Other assets                                                 (86)           (64)            149                22
      Accounts payable                                             31               7               9                 1
      Amounts due to related parties                               20              (4)            (30)                (4)
      Salary and welfare payables                                  (46)           72               63                 9
      Deferred revenue                                             (52)          224              (19)                (3)
      Accrued expenses and other current liabilities              445            (439)            507                74
      Operating lease liabilities                               (1,640)        (2,123)         (1,608)             (233)
      Income tax payable                                           94             83               82                12
      Other long-term liabilities                                  41            122               20                 3
Net cash provided by operating activities                         609          1,342            1,564               227




                                                                          H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022          223
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      (Renminbi in millions, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                               Years Ended December 31,
                                                                      2020          2021           2022               2022
                                                                                                            US$ in millions
                                                                                                                   (Note 2)
      Investing activities:
        Purchases of property and equipment                          (1,745)       (1,658)        (1,049)             (152)
        Purchases of intangibles                                        (28)          (17)            (4)               (1)
        Purchases of land use rights                                     (3)            –              0                 0
        Amount received as a result of government zoning                  –            33              4                 0
        Acquisitions, net of cash received                           (5,060)         (742)           (57)               (8)
        Proceeds from disposals of subsidiary and branch,
          net of cash disposed                                            4             3              6                 1
        Purchases of investments                                     (1,702)         (521)          (401)              (58)
        Proceeds from maturity/sale and return of investments           396         1,494            937               136
        Payment for shareholder loans to equity investees               (15)           (5)            (7)               (1)
        Collection of shareholder loans from equity investees            15            25             12                 2
        Origination of loan receivables                                (130)         (176)          (175)              (25)
        Collection of loan receivables                                  167           162            212                30
      Net cash used in investing activities                          (8,101)       (1,402)          (522)              (76)
      Financing activities:
        Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares in Hong Kong
          public offering                                            6,018              –             –                  –
        Proceeds from Termination of Capped Call                         –              –            86                 12
        Payment of ordinary share issuance costs                       (32)           (19)           (0)                (0)
        Net settlement on shares repurchased for withholding taxes
          related to share-based awards                                   –            50             –                  –
        Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares upon
          exercise of options                                             1             1              –                 –
        Payment of repurchases of ordinary shares                         –            (0)          (334)              (48)
        Proceeds from short-term debt                                 1,658         2,288          4,249               616
        Repayment of short-term debt                                 (1,993)       (2,474)        (1,935)             (281)
        Proceeds from long-term debt                                  1,652            53          2,797               407
        Repayment of long-term debt                                  (9,163)       (1,650)        (2,364)             (342)
        Funds advanced from noncontrolling interest holders              14             4              1                 0
        Repayment of funds advanced from
          noncontrolling interest holders                               (9)            (1)           (27)               (4)
        Acquisitions of noncontrolling interest                        (98)           (29)            (1)               (0)
        Capital contributions from noncontrolling interest holders      10             16              0                 0
        Proceeds from long-term finance liabilities                     83             38             55                 8
        Repayment of long-term finance liabilities                     (42)           (46)           (49)               (7)
        Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest holders               (4)            (4)            (6)               (1)
        Dividends paid                                                (678)             –           (416)              (60)
        Repayment of convertible senior notes                            –             (0)        (3,406)             (494)
        Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes           3,499              –              –                 –
        Direct financing costs paid                                    (10)             –             (4)               (1)
        Principal payments of finance lease                            (23)           (28)           (40)               (6)




224   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                          (Renminbi in millions, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                          Years Ended December 31,
                                                                 2020           2021             2022              2022
                                                                                                         US$ in millions
                                                                                                                (Note 2)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities               883          (1,801)         (1,394)             (201)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents,
  and restricted cash                                             (300)           (88)            297                43
Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and
  restricted cash                                               (6,909)        (1,949)            (55)                (7)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the
  beginning of the year                                         13,999         7,090            5,141               745
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end
  of the year                                                    7,090         5,141            5,086               738
Cash and cash equivalents                                        7,026         5,116            3,583               520
Restricted cash                                                     64            25            1,503               218
Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the
  statements of cash flows                                       7,090         5,141            5,086               738
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized                         476            297              256                37
Income taxes paid                                                 238            477              385                56
Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing
  activities:
Purchases of property and equipment included in payables          736            486              652                95
Consideration payable for business acquisition                      –             86                5                 1
Purchase of intangible assets included in payables                  5              2                –                 –
Reimbursement of government zoning included in receivables          2              –                –                 –

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022          225
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      1. ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
              H World Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands under the laws
              of the Cayman Islands on January 4, 2007. The principal business activities of the Company and
              its subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities (the “Group”) are to develop leased and
              owned, manachised and franchised hotels mainly in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) and
              Europe.


              On January 2, 2020, the Group completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest of Steigenberger
              Hotels Aktiengesellschaft Germany (“Deutsche Hospitality” or “DH”). Deutsche Hospitality was
              engaged in the business of leasing, franchising, operating and managing hotels under five brands
              in the midscale and upscale market in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. After the acquisition,
              “legacy DH” refers to Deutsche Hospitality and its subsidiaries and “legacy Huazhu” refers to the
              Group excluding Deutsche Hospitality.


              The Group completed public offering in Hong Kong in September 2020 with proceeds of RMB6,018
              and the trading of ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange commenced on September
              22, 2020 under the stock code “1179”.


              In June 2021, the Company effected a share split that each ordinary share of the Company with a
              par value of US$0.0001 was sub-divided into 10 ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.00001
              each. The ratio of ADS to ordinary share was adjusted from one (1) ADS representing one (1)
              ordinary share to one (1) ADS representing ten (10) ordinary shares. The share split has been
              retrospectively applied for all periods presented in the financial statements.


              In June 2022, the English name of the Company was changed from “Huazhu Group Limited” to “H
              World Group Limited”.


              LEASED AND OWNED HOTELS
              The Group leases hotel properties from property owners or purchases properties directly and is
              responsible for all aspects of hotel operations and management, including hiring, training and
              supervising the managers and employees required to operate the hotels. In addition, the Group is
              responsible for hotel development and customization to conform to the standards of the Group
              brands at the beginning of the lease or the construction, as well as repairs and maintenance,
              operating expenses and management of properties over the term of the lease or the land and
              building certificate.


              As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Group had 738 and 704 leased and owned hotels in
              operation, respectively.




226   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


1. ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES (Continued)
   MANACHISED AND FRANCHISED HOTELS
   The Group enters into franchise and management arrangements with franchisees for which the
   Group is responsible for providing branding, quality assurance, training, reservation, hiring and
   appointing of the hotel general manager and various other support services relating to hotel
   renovation and operations. Those hotels are classified as manachised hotels. Under the typical
   franchise and management agreements, the franchisee is required to pay an initial franchise fee
   and ongoing franchise and management service fees, which typically equal to a certain percentage
   of the revenues of the hotel. The franchisee is responsible for the costs of hotel development,
   renovation and the costs of its operations. The franchise and management agreements typically
   range from eight to ten years under legacy Huazhu, and 15 to 20 years for manachised hotels
   and 10 to 15 years for franchised hotels under legacy DH. These agreements are renewable upon
   mutual agreement between the Group and the franchisee. There are also some franchised hotels
   for which the Group does not provide a hotel general manager. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022,
   the Group had 6,824 and 7,617 manachised hotels in operation and 268 and 222 franchised hotels
   in operation, respectively.


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   BASIS OF PRESENTATION
   The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with the
   accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).


   BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
   The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company,
   its majority-owned subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities (the “VIEs”). All
   intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation.


   VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES
   The Group evaluates the need to consolidate certain variable interest entities in which equity
   investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient
   equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
   support.


   The Company is deemed as the primary beneficiary of and consolidates variable interest entities
   when the Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the
   economic success of the entities and effectively assumes the obligation to absorb losses and has
   the rights to receive benefits that are potentially significant to the entities.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         227
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (Continued)
              As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Group consolidated seven and seven entities under
              VIE model, and the impact of the consolidated VIEs are immaterial to the Group’s consolidated
              financial statements.


              USE OF ESTIMATES
              The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to
              make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
              disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
              reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
              from those estimates. The Group bases its estimates on historical experience and various other
              factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
              making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
              from other sources. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Group’s consolidated
              financial statements include the useful lives and impairment of property and equipment, right-of-
              use assets and intangible assets with definite lives, valuation allowance of deferred tax assets,
              purchase price allocation, impairment of investment, goodwill and intangible assets without
              definite lives and incremental borrowing rate used to measure lease liabilities.


              CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
              Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and demand deposits, which are unrestricted
              as to withdrawal and use, and which have original maturities of three months or less when
              purchased.


              RESTRICTED CASH
              Restricted cash mainly represents deposits used as security against borrowings, deposits
              restricted due to contract disputes or lawsuit and cash restricted for special purposes.


              INVESTMENTS
              The Group uses the equity method of accounting to account for equity investment with significant
              influence, no control over the investee. Equity-method investment is reviewed for impairment by
              assessing if the decline in market value of the investment below the carrying value is other-than-
              temporary. In making this determination, factors are evaluated in determining whether a loss in
              value should be recognized. These include consideration of the intent and ability of the Group
              to hold investment and the ability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity, justifying the
              carrying amount of the investment.




228   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   INVESTMENTS (Continued)
   Investments in equity securities that have readily determinable fair values (except those
   accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the
   investee) are measured at fair value, with gains and losses from fair value changes recognized in
   net income in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.


   Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are measured at cost, less
   impairment, plus or minus observable price changes.


   The Group classifies debt securities for which it does not have an intent to hold till maturity or may
   sell the security in response to the changes in economic conditions are classified as available-for-
   sale debt securities. These securities are carried at estimated fair value with unrealized holding
   gains and losses, net of tax impact, if any, reported as a net amount in a separate component of
   shareholders’ equity, accumulated other comprehensive income, until realized. Credit-related
   impairment is measured as the difference between the debt security’s amortized cost basis and
   the present value of expected cash flows and is recognized as an allowance on the balance sheet
   with a corresponding adjustment to earnings. The allowance should not exceed the amount by
   which the amortized cost basis exceeds fair value.


   ALLOWANCES FOR LOSSES ON CERTAIN FINANCIAL ASSETS
   The Group establishes allowances for credit losses on accounts receivable, loans receivables
   and certain other similar financial assets. For accounts receivables and other financial assets,
   the adequacy of these allowances is assessed regularly for pools of assets with similar risk
   characteristics by evaluating of factors such as historical levels of credit losses, current economic
   condition that may affect a customer’s ability to pay, customer credit ratings, and age of the
   receivable. When specific customers are identified as no longer sharing the same risk profile as
   their current pool, they are removed from the pool and evaluated separately.


   For loan receivables, the Group estimate current expected credit losses based on the expectation
   of future economic conditions, historical collection experience and a loss-rate approach whereby
   the allowance is calculated using the probability of default and recovery rates and multiplying it
   by the asset’s amortized cost at the balance sheet date.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         229
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET
              Property and equipment, net are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. The renovations,
              betterments and interest cost incurred during construction are capitalized. Depreciation of
              property and equipment is provided using the straight line method over their expected useful lives.
              The expected useful lives are as follows:


              Leasehold improvements                           Shorter of the lease term or their estimated useful lives
              Buildings                                        20-40 years
              Furniture, fixtures and equipment                1-20 years
              Motor vehicles                                   5 years

              Construction in progress represents leasehold improvements and property under construction
              or being installed and is stated at cost. Cost comprises original cost of property and equipment,
              installation, construction and other direct costs. Construction in progress is transferred to
              leasehold improvements and depreciation commences when the asset is ready for its intended
              use.


              Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Gain or loss on disposal of
              property and equipment, if any, is recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
              income as the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
              underlying asset.


              INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
              Intangible assets consist primarily of brand name, master brand agreement, non-compete
              agreements, franchise or manachise agreements and purchased software.


              Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their
              respective estimated useful lives over which the assets are expected to contribute directly or
              indirectly to the future cash flows of the Group. These estimated useful lives are generally as
              follows:


              Franchise or manachise agreements                Remaining contract terms from 10 to 20 years
              Non-compete agreements                           2 – 10 years based on specified non-compete period
              Purchased software                               3 – 10 years based on the estimated usage period
              Other intangible assets including                2 – 15 years based on the contractual term, the length
                trademark, licenses and other rights              of license agreements and the effective terms of other
                                                                  legal rights




230   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET (Continued)
   Almost all the brand names and master brand agreement acquired by the Group are considered to
   have indefinite useful lives since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic
   or other factors that limit the useful lives of these brands and these brands can be renewed at
   nominal cost. The Group evaluates the brand name and master brand agreement each reporting
   period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful
   life. Impairment is tested annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
   indicate that it might be impaired.


   LAND USE RIGHTS
   The land use rights represent the operating lease prepayments for the rights to use the land in the
   PRC under ASC 842, Leases , which are amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining term
   of the land certificates, between 30 to 50 years.


   IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS
   The Group evaluates its long-lived assets including property and equipment, net, right-of-use
   assets and finite lived intangibles for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
   indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur,
   the Group measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future
   undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
   disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount
   of the assets, the Group recognizes an impairment loss equal to the difference between the
   carrying amount and fair value of these assets.


   The Group performed a recoverability test of its long-lived assets associated with certain hotels
   due to the continued underperformance relative to the projected operating results, of which
   the carrying amount of the long-lived assets exceeded the future undiscounted net cash flows,
   and recognized an impairment loss of RMB180, RMB157 and RMB297 during the years ended
   December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


   Fair value of the long-lived assets was determined by the Group based on the income approach
   using the discounted cash flow associated with the underlying assets, which incorporated certain
   assumptions including projected hotels’ revenue, growth rates and projected operating costs
   based on current economic condition, expectation of management and projected trends of current
   operating results.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         231
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              GOODWILL
              Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in
              circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. The Group performs a one-step impairment test
              in which it compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and recognizes
              an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s
              fair value, if any. Upon the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality, the Group concludes there are
              two reporting units, which are legacy Huazhu and legacy DH. The goodwill impairment testing
              was performed at each reporting unit level. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds
              its fair value, an impairment amounts to that excess should be recognized in the statement of
              comprehensive income.


              REVENUE RECOGNITION
              Revenue are primarily derived from products and services in leased and owned hotels, contracts
              of manachised and franchised hotels with third-party franchisees as well as activities other than
              the operation of hotel businesses.


              Leased and owned hotel revenues
              Leased and owned hotel revenues are primarily derived from the rental of rooms, sales of food,
              beverage and other ancillary goods and services, including but not limited to souvenir, laundry,
              parking and conference reservation. Each of these products and services represents an individual
              performance obligation and, in exchange for these services, the Group receives fixed amounts
              based on published rates or negotiated contracts. Payment is due in full at the time when the
              services are rendered or the goods are provided. Room rental revenue is recognized on a daily
              basis when rooms are occupied. Food and beverage revenue and other goods and services
              revenue are recognized when they have been delivered or rendered to the guests as the respective
              performance obligations are satisfied.




232   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   REVENUE RECOGNITION (Continued)
   Manachised and franchised hotel revenues
   Manachised and franchised hotel revenues are derived from franchise or manachise agreements
   where the franchisees are required to pay (i) an initial one-time franchise fee, and (ii) continuing
   franchise fees, which mainly consist of (a) primarily on-going management and franchise service
   fees, (b) central reservation system usage fees, system maintenance and support fees and (c)
   reimbursements for hotel manager fees.


  Initial one-time license/franchise fee : For the manachised and franchised hotel, the Group is
   entitled to an initial one-time franchise fee, which is typically fixed and collected upfront. Initial
   franchise fee is recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the franchise
   agreements.


   On-going management and franchise service/royalty fees: On-going management and franchise
   service/royalty fees for our manachised and franchised hotels are variable and generally
   calculated as a percentage of the room revenues of the hotels as defined by each contract.
   Generally, on-going management and franchise service/royalty fees are recognized on a monthly
   basis over the term of the agreements as these amounts became payable. For the manachised
   hotel under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees are required to pay the Group an on-going
   management fees consisting of a base fee as a percentage of the hotel’s gross revenues and an
   incentive fee as a percentage of the hotel’s gross adjusted profit. Based fee is recognized on a
   monthly basis over the term of the agreement when the amounts become payable. Incentive fee
   are recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the agreement based on each hotel’s financial
   results, as long as the Group does not expect a significant reversal of the hotel’s gross adjusted
   profit.


   Central reservation system usage fees, other system maintenance and support fees: The group
   also charges a monthly system maintenance and support fees as part of the contracts. These
   fees are recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the agreements as these amount become
   payable.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         233
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              REVENUE RECOGNITION (Continued)
              Manachised and franchised hotel revenues (Continued)
              Reimbursements for hotel manager fees : Under the management and franchise agreements, the
              Group is entitled to be reimbursed for payroll related for the appointed hotel general managers
              and other out-of-pocket expenses the Group incurs on behalf of the manachised hotels. The Group
              is entitled to reimbursement in the period the Group incurs the related reimbursable costs, which
              are recognized within manachised and franchised hotels revenue.


              Other Revenues
              Other revenues mainly include revenues from the provision of IT products and services and
              commissions charged from suppliers for goods sold through Hua Zhu mall. Revenue from
              commissions charged to suppliers for goods through Hua Zhu mall is recognized upon delivery of
              goods to end customers when the suppliers’ obligations are fulfilled. Revenues from IT products
              are recognized when goods are delivered and revenues from IT services are recognized when
              services are rendered.


              LOYALTY PROGRAM
              H Reward loyalty program members earn loyalty points based on nights and other consumptions
              that they spent at the Group’s hotels and Huazhu Mall. These loyalty points can be redeemed
              for future products and services. Points earned by loyalty program members represent a
              material right to free or discounted goods or services in the future. The loyalty program has one
              performance obligation that consists of marketing and managing the program and arranging
              for award redemptions by members. The Group is responsible for arranging for the redemption
              of points, but the Group does not directly fulfill the redemption obligation except at leased and
              owned hotels. Therefore, the Group is the agent with respect to this performance obligation for
              manachised and franchised hotels, and is the principal with respect to leased and owned hotels.


              For leased and owned hotels, a portion of the leased and owned revenues is deferred until a
              member redeems points. The amount of revenue the Group recognizes upon point redemption
              is impacted by the estimate of the “breakage” for points that members will never redeem in the
              Group’s owned and leased hotels.


              For manachised and franchised hotels, we receive monthly cash contributions from manachised
              and franchised hotels determined based on the value of qualified spend by Loyalty Program
              members (when the points earned). We recognize these contributions into revenue as we provide
              the related service. The amount of revenue we recognize is based on a blend of historical funding
              rates and is impacted by our estimate of the “breakage” for points that members will never
              redeem.




234   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   LOYALTY PROGRAM (Continued)
   Membership fees from the Group’s customer loyalty program are earned and recognized on a
   straight-line basis over the expected membership duration of the different membership levels. The
   membership duration is estimated to be two to five years which reflects the expected membership
   retention. Revenues recognized from membership fees were RMB223, RMB243 and RMB267 for
   the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, which amount were included
   in revenues from leased and owned hotel or revenues from manachised and franchised hotels
   depending on the type of hotels the membership was sold at.


   ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL EXPENSES
   Advertising related expenses, including promotion expenses and production costs of marketing
   materials, are charged to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as incurred, and
   amounted to RMB150, RMB165 and RMB128 for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and
   2022, respectively.


   LEASES
   The Group determines if an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at the inception of the
   contract. A lease arrangement is being evaluated for classification as operating or financing upon
   lease commencement. Lease liabilities, which represent the Group’s obligation to make lease
   payments arising from the lease, and corresponding right of-use assets, which represent the
   Group’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, are recognized at the commencement
   date of the lease based on the present value of fixed future payments and variable lease
   payments that depend on an index or a rate (initially measured using the index or rate as at
   the commencement date) over the lease term, calculated using the discount rate implicit in
   the lease, if available, or the Group’s incremental borrowing rate. For operating leases, lease
   expense relating to fixed payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term
   and lease expense relating to variable payments is expensed as incurred. For finance leases,
   the amortization of the asset is recognized over the shorter of the lease term or useful life of the
   underlying asset.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         235
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              LEASES (Continued)
              Most leases have initial terms ranging from 10 to 20 years for legacy Huazhu, and from 20 to
              25 years for legacy DH. The lease term includes lessee options to extend the lease and periods
              occurring after a lessee early termination option, only to the extent it is reasonably certain that
              the Group will exercise such extension options and not exercise such early termination options,
              respectively. The Group’s lease agreements may include nonlease components, mainly common
              area maintenance, which are combined with the lease components as the Group elects to account
              for these components as a single lease component, as permitted. The Group elected the practical
              expedient of not to separate land components outside PRC from leases of specified property and
              equipment at the ASC842 transition date. Besides, the Group’s lease payments are generally fixed
              and certain agreements contain variable lease payments based on the operating performance of
              the leased property and the changes in the index of consumer pricing index (“CPI”). Almost all the
              lease agreements with variable lease payments based on the changes in CPI are held by legacy
              DH.


              For operating leases, the Group recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
              term and variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate are initially measured using
              the index or rate at the commencement date, otherwise variable lease payments are recognized
              in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. The operating lease expense
              is recognized as hotel operating costs, general and administrative expenses and pre-opening
              expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. For finance lease, lease
              expense is generally front-loaded as the finance lease ROU asset is depreciated on a straight-line
              basis over the shorter of the lease term or useful life of the underlying asset within hotel operating
              costs in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, but interest expense on the
              lease liability is recognized in interest expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
              income using the effective interest method which results in more expense during the early years
              of the lease. Additionally, the Group elected not to recognize leases with lease terms of 12 months
              or less at the commencement date. Lease payments on short-term leases are recognized as an
              expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, not included in lease liabilities. The Group’s
              lease agreements do not contain any significant residual value guarantees or restricted covenants.


              The Group reassesses of a contract is or contains a leasing arrangement and re-measures ROU
              assets and liabilities upon modification of the contract. The Group will derecognize ROU assets
              and liabilities, with difference recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
              income on the contract termination.




236   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   INCOME TAXES
   Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the relevant statutory tax laws and
   regulations.


   Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets
   and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Net operating losses are
   carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years.
   Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of the Group, it
   is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
   For a particular tax-paying component of an entity and within a particular tax jurisdiction, all
   deferred tax liabilities and assets, as well as any related valuation allowance, shall be offset
   and presented as a single noncurrent amount. However, an entity shall not offset deferred tax
   liabilities and assets attributable to different tax-paying components of the entity or to different
   tax jurisdictions.


   FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
   The reporting currency of the Group is the Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currency of the
   Company is the United States dollar (“US$”). Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
   currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured in functional currency at the
   rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the
   functional currency during the year are converted into the functional currency at the applicable
   rates of exchange prevailing on the day transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are
   recognized in the statements of comprehensive income.


   Assets and liabilities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date,
   equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues, expenses, gains and
   losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as
   cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of comprehensive
   income.


   The financial records of the Group’s subsidiaries are maintained in local currencies, which are the
   functional currencies.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         237
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              FAIR VALUE
              The established fair value hierarchy by U.S. GAAP has three levels based on the reliability of the
              inputs used to measure fair value:


              Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for
              identical assets or liabilities.


              Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices included
              within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets
              or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with
              insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations
              in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by,
              observable market data.


              Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation
              methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


              The Group’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalent, restricted cash, loan
              receivables, other receivables, payables, short-term debts, long-term debts. The carrying
              amounts of the short-term financial instruments approximates their fair value due to their short-
              term nature. The long-term debts and long-term loan receivables approximate their fair values,
              because the bearing interest rates approximate market interest rate, and market interest rates
              have not fluctuated significantly since the commencement of loan contracts signed. Convertible
              senior notes are measured at amortized costs of RMB6,318, RMB6,186 and RMB3,463 and the
              corresponding fair value estimated based on quoted market price were RMB7,747, RMB6,681 and
              RMB4,283, as of December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.




238   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   FAIR VALUE (Continued)
   The following table presents our assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and
   are categorized using the fair value hierarchy.


   As of December 31, 2021


                                                                Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
                                                               Quoted Prices
                                                                     in Active   Significant Other          Significant
                                                                  Markets for          Observable        Unobservable
                                                             Identical Assets               Inputs              Inputs
   Description                                                       (Level 1)            (Level 2)           (Level 3)

   Equity securities with readily determinable fair value               2,589                    –                   –
   Available-for-sale debt securities                                       –                 220                    –
   Employee benefit plan assets                                             5                    –                   –

   As of December 31, 2022


                                                               Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
                                                               Quoted Prices
                                                                     in Active Significant Other           Significant
                                                                 Markets for          Observable        Unobservable
                                                             Identical Assets               Inputs              Inputs
   Description                                                       (Level 1)           (Level 2)            (Level 3)

   Equity securities with readily determinable fair value               1,788                    –                   –
   Available-for-sale debt securities                                       –                    –                 296
   Employee benefit plan assets                                            13                    –                   –

   Equity securities with readily determinable fair value and employee benefit plan assets are valued
   using a market approach based on the quoted market prices or broker/dealer quotes of identical
   or comparable instruments.




                                                                           H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         239
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              FAIR VALUE (Continued)
              Level 3 fair value of available-for-sale debt securities is determined based on income approach
              using various unobservable inputs. The determination of the fair value required significant
              judgement by management with respect to the assumptions and estimates for the revenue
              growth rate, weighted average cost of capital, lack of marketability discounts, expected volatility
              and probability in equity allocation. Certain assets are measured at a non-recurring basis. The
              following table presents the asset classification, the fair value and the non-recurring losses
              recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 due to impairment of the related
              assets.


              As of December 31, 2021


                                                                                                Fair Value Measurements at
                                                                                                   Reporting Date Using
                                                                                                 Significant
                                                                                               Unobservable           Total
                                                                                                      Inputs        Loss for
              Description                                                     Fair Value            (Level 3)      the Year

              Property and equipment                                                      33              33               24
              Operating lease right-of-use assets                                         88              88               48
              Intangible assets                                                    2,556              2,556               245
              Long-term investment                                                        –                –               63

              As of December 31, 2022


                                                                                               Fair Value Measurements at
                                                                                                  Reporting Date Using
                                                                                                 Significant
                                                                                               Unobservable           Total
                                                                                                     Inputs        Loss for
              Description                                                     Fair Value           (Level 3)       the Year

              Property and equipment                                                      38              38              218
              Operating lease right-of-use assets                                        336            336                76
              Intangible assets                                                          388            388               170
              Long-term investment                                                        11              11               27




240   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   FAIR VALUE (Continued)
   Property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets and intangible assets were primarily
   valued using the income approach based on discounted cash flows associated with the underlying
   assets, which incorporate certain assumptions including projected hotels’ revenue, growth rates
   and projected operating costs based on current economic condition, expectation of management
   and projected trends of current operating results. The revenue growth rate and the discount rate
   were the significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement, which are ranged
   between negative 15% and 4%, 8.64% and 12% respectively, for the years ended December 31,
   2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
   The Group recognizes share-based compensation in the consolidated statements of
   comprehensive income based on the fair value of equity awards on the date of the grant, with
   compensation expenses recognized over the period in which the grantee is required to provide
   service to the Group in exchange for the equity award. Vesting of certain equity awards are
   based on the performance conditions for a period of time following the grant date. Share-
   based compensation expense is recognized according to the Group’s judgement of likely future
   performance and will be adjusted in future periods based on the actual performance.


   EARNINGS (LOSSES) PER SHARE
   Basic earnings (losses) per share is computed by dividing income attributable to holders of
   ordinary shares by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.
   Diluted earnings (losses) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or
   other contracts to issue ordinary shares were exercised or converted into ordinary shares, which
   consist of the ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the convertible senior notes (using
   the if-converted method) and ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and vest
   of nonvested restricted stocks (using the treasury stock method).


   RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
   Adopted Accounting Standards
   In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832) –
   Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance. The amendments in this ASU
   require disclosures about transactions with a government that have been accounted for by
   analogizing to a grant or contribution accounting model to increase transparency about (1) the
   types of transactions, (2) the accounting for the transactions, and (3) the effect of the transactions
   on an entity’s financial statements. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities
   within their scope for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December
   15, 2021. Early application of the amendments is permitted. The Group adopted the guidance on
   January 1, 2022, as required. There was no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
   statements and related disclosures as a result of adopting this new standard.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         241
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOT YET ADOPTED
              In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805):
              Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers (“ASU
              2021-08”). The amendments create an exception to the general recognition and measurement
              principal in ASC 805, Business Combinations to measure assets and liabilities acquired in a
              business combination at fair value. Instead, an acquirer in a business combination will be required
              to apply ASC 606 to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities that result
              from contracts accounted for under ASC 606 on the acquisition date and will generally result in
              the acquirer recognizing amounts consistent with those recorded by the acquiree immediately
              before the acquisition date. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
              2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Group does
              not expect the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact on the consolidated financial
              statements.


              In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value
              Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. The update clarifies
              that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit
              of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The
              update also clarifies that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure
              a contractual sale restriction. The update also requires certain additional disclosures for equity
              securities subject to contractual sale restrictions. The amendments in this ASU are effective for
              fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
              with early adoption permitted. The Group does not expect the adoption of this ASU will have a
              significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.


              TRANSLATION INTO UNITED STATES DOLLARS
              The financial statements of the Group are stated in RMB. Translations of amounts from RMB
              into United States dollars are solely for the convenience of the reader and were calculated at
              the rate of US$1 = RMB6.8972, on December 30, 2022, as set forth in H.10 statistical release of
              the Federal Reserve Board. The translation is not intended to imply that the RMB amounts could
              have been, or could be, converted, realized or settled into United States dollars at that rate on
              December 30, 2022, or at any other rate.




242   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                        (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


3. ACQUISITIONS
   On January 2, 2020, the Group completed an acquisition of 100% equity interest of Deutsche
   Hospitality. Deutsche Hospitality was engaged in the business of leasing, franchising, operating
   and managing hotels under five brands in the midscale and upscale market in Europe, the Middle
   East and Africa. The aggregated consideration was EUR720 million (equivalent to RMB5,624)
   which has been fully paid in cash as of January 2, 2020.


   The allocation of the purchase price as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:


                                                                                             Amortization Period
   Current assets                                                       785
   Property and equipment, net                                          586                              2-25 years
   Operating lease right-of-use assets                                8,616               Remaining lease terms
   Financing lease right-of-use assets                                1,794         Shorter of estimated useful
                                                                                           lives of the assets and
                                                                                                   the lease terms
   Franchise or manachise agreements                                    270           Remaining contract terms
   Brand names                                                        3,873                          Indefinite-life
   Non-compete agreement                                                  10                                 2 years
   Goodwill                                                           2,694
   Deferred tax assets                                                  170
   Other non-current assets                                             280
   Operating lease liabilities, current                                (296)
   Finance lease liabilities, current                                    (21)
   Other current liabilities                                           (784)
   Operating lease liabilities, non-current                          (8,553)
   Finance lease liabilities, non-current                            (2,166)
   Other noncurrent liabilities                                        (330)
   Deferred tax liabilities                                          (1,304)
   Total                                                              5,624


   Goodwill was recognized as a result of expected synergies from combining operations of the Group
   and acquired business and other intangible assets that don’t qualify for separate recognition.
   The goodwill generated from the DH acquisition is allocated to the reporting unit of legacy DH.
   Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.




                                                                          H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         243
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      3. ACQUISITIONS (Continued)
              On April 30, 2021, the Group completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest of CitiGO hotels
              from Cjia Group, a related party of the Group. CitiGO brand is a light luxury and social hotel brand,
              which are mainly distributed in first and second-tier cities in China. The aggregated consideration
              was RMB783 and RMB749 was paid in cash as of December 31, 2021.


              The allocation of the purchase price as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:


                                                                                                     Amortization Period
              Current assets                                                              34
              Property and equipment                                                     296                  5-12 years
              Operating lease right-of-use assets                                  1,119          Remaining lease terms
              Other non-current assets                                                    33
              Franchise agreement                                                         61    Remaining contract terms
              Brand names                                                                 90               Indefinite-life
              Goodwill                                                                   372
              Operating lease liabilities, current                                   (153)
              Other current liabilities                                                  (23)
              Operating lease liabilities, non-current                               (987)
              Other noncurrent liabilities                                                (5)
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                   (33)
              Noncontrolling interest                                                    (21)
              Total                                                                      783


              Goodwill was recognized as a result of expected synergies from combining operations of the Group
              and acquired business and other intangible assets that don’t qualify for separate recognition.
              All the acquired business has been migrated to the Group’s business. The goodwill generated
              from the CitiGO acquisition is allocated to the reporting unit of legacy Huazhu. Goodwill is not
              deductible for tax purposes.


              During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group acquired three, three
              and seven individual companies for total cash consideration of RMB26, RMB51 and RMB9,
              respectively. The business acquisitions were accounted for under purchase accounting. The assets
              and liabilities of these hotels and companies acquired in 2020, 2021 and 2022 were immaterial to
              the consolidated financial statements.




244   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                   (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


4. REVENUE
  DISAGGREGATED REVENUES
  The following tables present the Group’s revenues disaggregated by the nature of the product or
  service:


                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                                  2020                2021                 2022

  Room revenues                                                  5,735                7,024               7,571
  Food and beverage revenues                                       608                  694               1,049
  Others                                                           565                  400                 528
  Leased and owned hotels revenue                                6,908                8,118               9,148
  Initial one-time license/franchise fee                           110                  109                 106
  On-going management and service/royalty fees                   1,057                1,479               1,375
  Central reservation system usage fees, other
    system maintenance and support fees                            908                1,399               1,262
  Reimbursements for hotel manager fees                            657                  897               1,103
  Other fees                                                       404                  520                 559
  Manachised and franchised hotels revenue                       3,136                4,404               4,405
  Other revenues                                                   152                  263                 309
  Total revenues                                               10,196               12,785              13,862


  CONTRACT BALANCES
  The Group’s contract assets are insignificant at December 31, 2021 and 2022.


                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                      2021                 2022

  Current contract liabilities                                                        1,366               1,308
  Long-term contract liabilities                                                        785                 828
  Total contract liabilities                                                          2,151               2,136


  The contract liabilities balances above are classified as deferred revenue on the consolidated
  balance sheet, as of December 31, 2021 and 2022.


  The Group recognized revenues that were previously deferred as contract liabilities of RMB613
  and RMB655 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         245
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      5. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET
              Property and equipment, net consist of the following:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2021              2022

              Cost:
              Buildings                                                                      305               843
              Leasehold improvements                                                      10,467         10,952
              Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                            2,348              2,520
              Motor vehicles                                                                   3                 3
                                                                                          13,123         14,318
              Less: Accumulated depreciation                                               6,845              7,727
                                                                                           6,278              6,591
              Construction in progress                                                       778               193
              Property and equipment, net                                                  7,056              6,784


              Depreciation expense was RMB1,219, RMB1,352 and RMB1,312 for the years ended December 31,
              2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.




246   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


6. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
   Intangible assets, net consist of the following:


                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                        2021                 2022

   Intangible assets with indefinite lives:
   Brand names                                                                          5,010               5,111
   Master brand agreement                                                                 192                 192
   Intangible assets with finite lives:
   Franchise or manachise agreements                                                      366                 368
   Purchased software                                                                     142                 128
   Other intangible assets                                                                 81                   77
   Total                                                                                5,791               5,876
   Less: Accumulated amortization                                                         163                 178
   Less: Accumulated impairment loss (Note2)                                              243                 420
   Total                                                                                5,385               5,278


   Amortization expense of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
   amounted to RMB62, RMB65, and RMB45, respectively.


   There were 3 brand names with indefinite lives acquired in DH acquisition. In 2021, the estimated
   fair value of one brand name was determined to be lower than its carrying amount, as such, an
   impairment loss of RMB160 was recognized. In 2022, the estimated fair value of one brand name
   was determined to be lower than its carrying amount, as such, an impairment loss of RMB167 was
   recognized in 2022.


   The annual estimated amortization expense for the above intangible assets excluding brand
   names and master brand agreement for the following years is as follows:


                                                                                                Amortization for
                                                                                             Intangible Assets
   2023                                                                                                         36
   2024                                                                                                         33
   2025                                                                                                         31
   2026                                                                                                         29
   2027                                                                                                         28
   Thereafter                                                                                                 151
   Total                                                                                                      308




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         247
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      7. INVESTMENTS
              The investments as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 were as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2021              2022

              Short-term investments
             Equity securities with readily determinable fair values:
                Accor                                                                      2,508              1,701
                Other marketable securities                                                   81                87
              Total                                                                        2,589              1,788

              Long-term investments
             Equity securities without readily determinable fair values:
                Cjia Group-preferred shares                                                  168               138
                OYO                                                                           54                54
                Other equity securities without readily determinable
                   fair values                                                                71                65
              Subtotal                                                                       293               257

             Equity-method investments:
                AAPC LUB                                                                     525               494
                Hotel related funds                                                          488               443
                China Hospitality JV                                                          99                67
                Zleep                                                                         68                70
                Commerz Real Institute                                                        85                80
                Other investments                                                            187               238
              Subtotal                                                                     1,452              1,392

             Available-for-sale debt securities:
                Cjia Group-convertible notes                                                 220               296
              Total                                                                        1,965              1,945




248   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


7. INVESTMENTS (Continued)
   EQUITY SECURITIES WITH READILY DETERMINABLE FAIR VALUES:
   In 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group purchased 8,737,987 and 1,180,000 and nil ordinary shares
   of Accor, respectively, a hotel group listed in Paris stock exchange, from open market. The Group
   sold 5,172,458 and 2,397,596 of these shares with gains of RMB209 and RMB74 realized, for the
   years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Group hold
   9,814,956 shares of Accor, which accounts for less than 5% of Accor total outstanding shares
   where the Group does not have the ability to significantly influence the operations of this entity.
   In 2021 and 2022, the Group recognized losses from fair value changes of Accor of RMB94 and
   RMB358, respectively.


   EQUITY SECURITIES WITHOUT READILY DETERMINABLE FAIR VALUES:
   As of December 31, 2022 the Group held RMB138 preferred shares of Cjia Group. The preferred
   shares are accounted for as equity securities without readily determineable fair value as they are
   not in substance ordinary shares.


   In September 2017, the Group purchased approximately 1% equity interest of Oravel Stays Private
   limited (“OYO”), an India leading hospitality company. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
   the group sold part of equity interest, and recognized investment income of RMB52 in 2021. As of
   December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Group owned less than 1% equity interest of OYO.


   Other equity securities without readily determinable fair values included several insignificant
   investments in certain privately-held companies. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the
   Group recognized an impairment of nil and RMB7 for these equity securities for the year ended
   December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


   EQUITY-METHOD INVESTMENTS:
   In January 2016, the Group acquired approximately 28% equity interest in AAPC LUB. The Group
   accounted for the investment in AAPC LUB under equity-method as the Group has the ability
   to exert significant influence. The Group recognized investment income of RMB21, RMB35 and
   RMB16 in income (loss) from equity method investments in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
   In 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group received cash dividend from AAPC LUB of nil, nil and RMB47
   which was recognized as return on investment.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         249
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      7. INVESTMENTS (Continued)
              EQUITY-METHOD INVESTMENTS: (Continued)
              As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Group had RMB488 and RMB443, respectively, of
              investments in hotel related funds. Those funds were VIEs and were managed by or power shared
              with un-related third-parties. However, the Group determined that they were not the primary
              beneficiary of those VIEs since the Group did not have the power to direct the activities of these
              VIEs that most significantly impacted their economic performance. The Group accounted for the
              investment under equity-method as the Group’s influence over the funds is more than minor. The
              Group recognized investment loss of RMB16, RMB55 and RMB31, in income (loss) from equity
              method investments in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The maximum potential financial
              statement loss the Group could incur if the investment funds were to default on all of their
              obligations is the loss of value of the interests in such investments of RMB443 that the Group
              holds as of December 31, 2022.


              In 2018, the Group partnered with an unrelated third party investor to form China Hospitality JV,
              Ltd. (“China Hospitality JV”), of which the Group holds 20% equity interest. The business of China
              Hospitality JV was to acquire and operate two hotel properties, one of which has been converted
              into office buildings in 2020. The Group accounted for the investment in China Hospitality JV under
              equity-method as the Group has the ability to exert significant influence. During the year ended
              December 31, 2022, the Group received cash dividend of RMB54 which was recognized as return
              of investment. The Group recognized investment loss of RMB12, RMB4, and investment income of
              RMB22 in income (loss) from equity method investments in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.


              In February 2019, Deutsche Hospitality acquired 51% of the shares in Zleep Hotels A/S (“Zleep”), a
              hotel brand in Scandinavia. The Group’s interest in Zleep is accounted for using the equity method
              in the consolidated financial statements because the Group has joint control only in the business
              and finance decisions due to voting right restrictions. The Group recognized investment loss of
              RMB12 and RMB0 in income (loss) from equity method investments in 2021 and 2022.


              In 2021, the Group partnered with an unrelated third party investor who acted as a general
              partner to form Commerz Real Institute, of which the Group holds 34% equity interest as a limited
              shareholder at the consideration of EUR12 million. Commerz Real Institute was designed as an
              open-ended investment fund to build a portfolio of hotels in prestigious locations. The Group
              accounted for the investment in Commerz Real Institute under equity-method as the Group’s
              significant influence over the funds is more than minor. The Group recognized investment loss of
              RMB1 and RMB7 in income (loss) from equity method investments in 2021 and 2022.


              Other investments included several insignificant equity investments in certain privately-held
              companies. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group recognized an impairment of RMB63
              and RMB20 for these equity investments for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022.




250   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                  (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


8. GOODWILL
  The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022
  were as follows:


                                                              Legacy
                                                             Huazhu           Legacy DH                  Total

  Balance at January 1, 2021
  Goodwill                                                      2,664                2,768               5,432
  Accumulated impairment loss                                       (4)               (440)                (444)
                                                                2,660                2,328               4,988
  Goodwill acquired during the year (Note 3)                      372                     6                378
  Net foreign exchange-goodwill                                      –                (278)                (278)
  Net foreign exchange-impairment loss                               –                  44                   44
  Balance at December 31, 2021
  Goodwill                                                      3,036                2,496               5,532
  Accumulated impairment loss                                       (4)               (396)                (400)
                                                                3,032                2,100               5,132

  Goodwill acquired during the year                                  –                    4                   4
  Net foreign exchange-goodwill                                      –                  70                   70
  Net foreign exchange-impairment loss                               –                 (11)                 (11)
  Balance at December 31, 2022
  Goodwill                                                      3,036               2,570                5,606
  Accumulated impairment loss                                       (4)               (407)               (411)
                                                                3,032               2,163                5,195


  The goodwill of legacy Huazhu was not impaired for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022.
  The Group recorded an impairment loss of RMB437 against goodwill of legacy DH for the year
  ended December 31, 2020. As the estimated fair value of the reporting unit of legacy DH exceeded
  its carrying value, no impairment loss was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 and
  2022.


  As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit of legacy Huazhu
  exceeded over 100% of its carrying value. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the estimated fair
  value of the reporting unit of legacy DH exceeded its carrying value by approximately RMB421 and
  RMB769, which accounted for 13% and 25% of its carrying value, respectively. A 5% decline in
  the underlying projected cash flow or increase in the discount rate could have resulted in goodwill
  impairment loss of approximately RMB313 and RMB359 in 2021. A 5% decline in the underlying
  projected cash flows or increase in the discount rate could not result in an impairment loss in
  2022.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         251
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      9. DEBT
              The short-term and long-term debt as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 were as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2021              2022

              Short-term debt:
                Long-term bank borrowings, current portion                                 2,464               208
                Short-term bank borrowings                                                   692              3,035
                Convertible senior notes, current portion                                  3,029                 –
                FF&E liability, current portion                                               47                45
              Total                                                                        6,232              3,288

              Long-term debt:
                Long-term bank borrowings, non-current portion                               211              2,929
                Convertible senior notes, non-current portion                              3,158              3,463
                FF&E liability, non-current portion                                          180               228
                Others                                                                        16                15
              Total                                                                        3,565              6,635


              BANK BORROWINGS
              In December 2019, the Group entered into a EUR440 million term facility and US$500 million
              revolving credit facility agreement with several banks. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding
              loan amount was EUR338 million and had been reclassified to long-term bank borrowings, current
              portion. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding loan amount of EUR338 million has been fully
              paid off.


              In January 2021, the Group entered into a twelve-year syndicated loan contract with facility
              amount of RMB650 expiring in December 2032. The loan is used for the construction project
              of the Group’s headquarters buildings. The interest rate resets every year, and is based on the
              People’s Bank of China five-year benchmark LPR minus certain basis points on the pricing date.
              The mortgage ratio covenant is related to this facility. The Group was fully in compliance with the
              further amended covenants as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the
              outstanding loan amount is RMB53 and RMB53 respectively. The weighted average interest rate
              of borrowings drawn under this agreement was 4.41% and 4.19%, respectively. The interest was
              fully capitalized and with the amount of RMB1 and RMB2 million for the years ended December
              31, 2021 and 2022, respectively.




252   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


9. DEBT (Continued)
   BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)
   In August 2022, the Group entered into a 3-year long-term facility of EUR220 million and RMB-
   equivalent of EUR110 million term facility, and EUR70 million revolving credit facility agreement
   with several banks. The EUR70 million revolving credit facility is available for 35 months after the
   date of the agreement. The interest rate on the loan for each interest period is the aggregate of the
   applicable Margin and EURIBOR or one-year benchmark LPR. The margin for each loan depends on
   the currency of loan, a loan denominated in EUR means 1.55% per annum and a loan denominated
   in RMB means -0.15% per annum. There are some financial covenants including interest cover,
   leverage and book equity related to this facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Group had drawn
   down EUR220 million, RMB equivalent of EUR110 million and EUR70 million under the facility
   agreement and repaid nil. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest
   rate of borrowings drawn under this agreement was 3.01%.


   In October 2022, the Group entered into a one-year uncommitted term loan facility of up to
   US$123 million which is to be made by single drawing only. The Group had drawn down US$121
   million under this agreement, the interest rate was fixed at 5.4% per annum. As of December 31,
   2022, the outstanding loan amount was US$121 million.


   In October 2022, the Group entered into a one-year USD dominated facility agreement that it could
   draw down no more than RMB1,000 with interest rate to be determined case-by-case. The Group
   had drawn down US$65 million as of December 31, 2022 under the facility agreement and repaid
   all the bank borrowings in advance in January 2023.


   CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES DUE 2022
   On November 3, 2017, the Company issued US$475 million of Convertible Senior Notes (the “2022
   Notes”). The 2022 Notes mature on November 1, 2022 and bear interest at a rate of 0.375% per
   annum, payable in arrears semi-annually on May 1 and November 1, beginning May 1, 2018.


   Holders of the 2022 Notes have the option to convert their Notes at any time prior to the close of
   business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date. The 2022 Notes
   can be converted into the Company’s ADSs at an initial conversion rate of 5.4869, before the
   ADSs split, of the Company’s ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the 2022 Notes (equivalent
   to an initial conversion price of US$182.25 per ADS before the ADSs split effected in May 2018).
   The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but is not adjusted for any accrued
   and unpaid interest. In addition, following a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the
   Indenture) that occur prior to the maturity date or following the Company’s delivery of a notice of
   a tax redemption, the Company will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert
   its notes in connection with such a corporate event or such tax redemption.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         253
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      9. DEBT (Continued)
              CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES DUE 2022 (Continued)
              The holders were able to require the Company to repurchase all or portion of the 2022 Notes for
              cash on November 2, 2020, or upon a fundamental change, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of
              the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


              During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, RMB0.06 and RMB0.04 of the 2022 Notes
              had been converted into 202 ADSs and 134 ADSs upon the holders’ request, respectively. As of
              December 31, 2021, the Group reclassified the 2022 Notes as short-term debt as the 2022 Notes
              mature on November 1, 2022. The Group had redeemed the remaining part of US$475 million of
              2022 Notes on November 1, 2022.


              ADS LENDING ARRANGEMENT
              Concurrent with the offering of the 2022 Notes, the Company entered into ADS lending agreements
              with the affiliates of the initial purchasers of the 2022 Notes (“ADS Borrowers”), pursuant to which
              the Company lent to the ADS Borrowers 2,606,278 ADSs (the “Loaned ADSs”) at a price equal to
              par, or $0.0004 per ADS before the ADSs split (“ADS lending arrangement”). The purpose of the
              ADS lending arrangements is to facilitate privately negotiated transactions in which the ultimate
              holders of the 2022 Notes may elect to hedge their investment in the related notes.


              The Loaned ADSs must be returned to the Company by the earliest of (a) the maturity date of the
              2022 Notes, November 1, 2022, (b) upon the Company’s election to terminate the ADS lending
              agreement at any time after the later of (x) the date on which the entire principal amount of the
              2022 Notes ceases to be outstanding, and (y) the date on which the entire principal amount of
              any additional convertible securities that the Company has in writing consented to permit the
              ADS Borrower to hedge under the ADS lending agreement ceases to be outstanding, in each case,
              whether as a result of conversion, redemption, repurchase, cancellation or otherwise; and (c) the
              termination of the ADS lending agreement. The Company is not required to make any payment to
              the initial purchasers or ADS Borrower upon the return of the Loaned ADSs. The ADS Borrowers do
              not have the choice or option to pay cash in exchange for the return of the Loaned ADSs.


              No collateral is required to be posted for the Loaned ADSs. The initial purchasers are required to
              remit to the Company any dividends paid to the holders of the Loaned ADSs. An ADS Borrower has
              the ability to vote without restriction. However, the ADS Borrowers have agreed not to vote on the
              Loaned ADSs.


              In May 2018, the Company changed the ADS to ordinary share ratio from one ADS representing
              four ordinary shares to one ADS representing one ordinary share. Therefore, as of December 31,
              2020 and 2021, the outstanding number of Loaned ADSs was 10,425,112. All these Loaned ADSs
              had been returned to the Company with the maturity of 2022 Notes, and was accounted for as an
              increase to the treasury shares.




254   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


9. DEBT (Continued)
   CAPPED CALL OPTIONS
   In connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes, the Group entered into capped call option
   transactions with some of the initial purchasers or their affiliates (the “Option Counterparties”)
   to reduce the potential dilution to existing shareholders of the Group upon conversion of the
   2022 Notes. In June 2022, the Group and Option Counterparties terminated these capped
   call transactions before the conversion date of convertible notes on November 1, 2022 with
   the settlement amount of US$12.8 million, which was received by the Group in July 2022. The
   settlement amount of US$12.8 million was recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital.


   CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES DUE 2026
   On May 12, 2020, the Company issued US$450 million Convertible Senior Notes (the “2026 Notes”).
   On May 26, 2020, the Company issued an additional US$50 million in aggregate principal amount
   of the 2026 Notes pursuant to the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of an option to purchase
   additional notes. The 2026 Notes will mature on May 1, 2026 and bear interest at a rate of 3.00%
   per annum, payable in arrears semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning
   on November 1, 2020. In 2020, proceeds to the Company were RMB3,499 (equivalently US$493
   million), net of issuance costs of RMB49 (equivalently US$7 million).


   Holders of the 2026 Notes have the option to convert their Notes at any time prior to the close of
   business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date. The 2026 Notes
   can be converted into the Company’s ADSs at an initial conversion rate of 23.971 of the Company’s
   ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price
   of US$41.72 per ADS). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but is not
   adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following a make-whole fundamental
   change (as defined in the Indenture) that occur prior to the maturity date or following the
   Company’s delivery of a notice of a tax redemption, the Company will increase the conversion rate
   for a holder who elects to convert its notes in connection with such a corporate event or such tax
   redemption.


   The holders may require the Company to repurchase all or portion of the 2026 Notes for cash on
   May 1, 2024, or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to 100%
   of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


   The Company accounted for the 2026 Notes as a single instrument. Issuance costs related to the
   2026 Notes is recorded in consolidated balance sheet as a direct deduction from the principal
   amount of the 2026 Notes, and is amortized over the period from May 12, 2020, the date of
   issuance, to May 1, 2024, the first put date of the 2026 Notes, using the effective interest method.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         255
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      9. DEBT (Continued)
              FF&E LIABILITY
              The Group entered into several contracts with lessors to install furniture, fixtures and equipment
              (“FF&E”) in various leased hotels prior to the respective commencement date. Those transactions
              are classified as “failed” sale and leaseback transactions, as the control of the furniture, fixtures
              and equipment does not transfer to the lessor. Consequently, the received consideration from the
              lessor is accounted for as a liability. The current portion and non-current portion of FF&E liability
              are recorded in short-term debt and long-term debt, respectively.


              DEBT MATURITIES
              The contractual maturities of the Group’s debt as of December 31, 2022 were as follows:


                                                                                                         Principal
              Year Ending December 31,                                                                   Amounts
              2023                                                                                            3,287
              2024                                                                                            3,755
              2025                                                                                            2,735
              2026                                                                                              34
              2027                                                                                              28
              Thereafter                                                                                       100
              Total                                                                                           9,939


      10. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT
          LIABILITIES
                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2021              2022

              Payable to franchisees                                                         710               652
              Other payables                                                                 535               850
              Accrued utilities and other accrued expenses                                   209               332
              Liabilities related to customer loyalty program                                135               166
              Value-added tax, other tax and surcharge payables                              132               234
              Advance from noncontrolling interest holders                                   117               103
              Total                                                                        1,838              2,337




256   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                   (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


11. HOTEL OPERATING COSTS
   Hotel operating costs include all direct costs incurred in the operation of the leased and owned
   hotels, manachised and franchised hotels and consist of the following:


                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                                  2020                2021                 2022

   Rents                                                         3,485                3,900               3,927
   Utilities                                                       478                  507                 603
   Personnel costs                                               2,501                3,022               3,683
   Depreciation and amortization                                 1,316                1,413               1,414
   Consumable, food and beverage                                   885                  969               1,026
   Others                                                        1,064                1,471               1,607
   Total                                                         9,729              11,282              12,260


12. PRE-OPENING EXPENSES
   The Group expenses all costs incurred in connection with start-up activities, including pre-
   operating costs associated with new hotel facilities and costs incurred with the formation of the
   subsidiaries, such as organization costs. Pre-opening expenses primarily include rental expenses
   and employee costs incurred during the hotel pre-opening period.


                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                                  2020                2021                 2022

   Rents                                                           251                   68                   84
   Personnel costs                                                   15                    5                   5
   Others                                                            22                    8                   6
   Total                                                           288                   81                   95




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         257
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      13. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
              In February 2007, the Group adopted the 2007 Global Share Plan which allows the Group to offer
              incentive awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants or advisors (the “Participants”).
              Under the 2007 Global Share Plan, the Group may issue incentive awards to the Participants to
              purchase not more than 100,000,000 ordinary shares. In June 2007, the Group adopted the 2008
              Global Share Plan which allows the Group to offer incentive awards to Participants to purchase
              up to 30,000,000 ordinary shares. In October 2008, the Group increased the maximum number of
              incentive awards available under the 2008 Global Share Plan to 70,000,000. In September 2009,
              the Group adopted the 2009 Share Incentive Plan which allows the Group to offer incentive awards
              to Participants. Under the 2009 Share Incentive Plan, the Group may issue incentive awards to
              purchase up to 30,000,000 ordinary shares. In August 2010, the Group increased the maximum
              number of incentive awards available under the 2009 Share Incentive Plan to 150,000,000. In
              March 2015, the Group increased the maximum number of incentive awards available under the
              2009 Share Incentive Plan to 430,000,000. The 2007 and 2008 Global Share Plans and 2009 Share
              Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Incentive Award Plans”) contain the same terms and conditions.
              The incentive awards granted under the Incentive Award Plans typically have a maximum life of
              ten years and vest in typical ways as listed below:


              a.)     Vest 50% on the second anniversary of the stated vesting commencement date with the
                      remaining 50% vesting ratably over the following two years;


              b.)     Vest over a period of ten years in equal yearly installments;


              As of December 31, 2022, the Group had granted a total of 245,776,690 options and 277,921,390
              nonvested restricted stocks in total, which were subject to adjustment on performance condition.


              SHARE OPTIONS
              No share options were outstanding as of December 31, 2022.


              NONVESTED RESTRICTED STOCKS
              The fair value of nonvested restricted stock with service conditions or performance conditions is
              based on the fair market value of the underlying ordinary shares on the date of grant.


              In 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group granted nil, nil and 31,683,100 nonvested restricted stocks,
              respectively to senior officers and managers, each was in ten tranches with performance
              conditions. Each tranche is accounted for as a separate award with the same grant date, its
              own service inception date and requisite service period. The share-based compensation cost is
              recognized for each vesting tranche during the respective service period based on the estimated
              performance conditions at the service inception date. The Group reassesses the performance
              condition at each reporting period for true up. For each tranche, 50% vests on the second
              anniversary of the vesting commencement date with the remaining 50% vesting ratably over the
              following two years.




258   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


13. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)
   NONVESTED RESTRICTED STOCKS (Continued)
   The following table summarized the Group’s nonvested restricted stock activities in 2022.


                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                Number of               Average
                                                                                Restricted          Grant Date
                                                                                     Stocks          Fair Value
                                                                                                             US$

   Nonvested restricted stocks outstanding at January 1, 2022                   53,696,490                   1.20
   Granted                                                                      39,153,240                   2.53
   Forfeited                                                                    (2,157,320)                  1.41
   Vested                                                                       (9,462,340)                  1.40
   Adjusted for performance conditions                                          (4,290,920)                  0.63
   Nonvested restricted stocks outstanding at December 31, 2022                 76,939,150                   1.88


   For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group recognized share-based
   compensation expenses of RMB122, RMB109 and RMB87, respectively, which were classified as
   follows:


                                                                    Years Ended December 31,
                                                                   2020                2021                 2022

   Hotel operating costs                                              42                  39                   33
   Selling and marketing expenses                                      4                    4                   4
   General and administrative expenses                                76                  66                   50
   Total                                                            122                  109                   87


   As of December 31, 2022, there was RMB823 in unrecognized compensation costs, net of
   estimated forfeitures, related to unvested restricted stocks, which is expected to be recognized
   over a weighted-average period of 3.62 years.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         259
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      14. EARNINGS (LOSSES) PER SHARE
              The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings (losses) per share for
              the years indicated:


                                                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2020              2021               2022

              Net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders –
                basic                                                              (2,192)              (465)           (1,821)
              Net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders
                – diluted                                                          (2,192)              (465)           (1,821)
              Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding
                – basic                                                    2,927,398,409       3,114,124,244    3,111,196,757
              Incremental weighted-average ordinary shares from
                assumed exercise of share options and nonvested
                restricted stocks using the treasury stock method                         –                –                –
              Dilutive effect of convertible senior notes                                 –                –                –
              Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding
                – diluted                                                  2,927,398,409       3,114,124,244    3,111,196,757
              Basic earnings (losses) per share                                      (0.75)            (0.15)            (0.59)
              Diluted earnings (losses) per share                                    (0.75)            (0.15)            (0.59)


              For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Group had securities which could
              potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future, but which were excluded from the
              computation of diluted earnings per share as their effects would have been anti-dilutive. Such
              outstanding securities consist of the following at non-weighted basis:


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                    2020               2021              2022

              Outstanding employee options and nonvested
                restricted stocks                                            70,954,080          53,696,490         76,939,150
              Shares of convertible senior notes                           226,827,410         226,827,410      120,601,000
              Total                                                        297,781,490         280,523,900      197,540,150


              In accordance with ASC Topic 470-20, although legally issued, the loaned ADSs are not considered
              outstanding, and then excluded from basic and diluted earnings per share unless default of the
              ADS lending arrangement occurs, at which time the Loaned ADSs would be included in the basic
              and diluted earnings per share calculation.


              The loaned shares under the ADS lending agreement are excluded from both the basic and diluted
              earnings (losses) per share calculation for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022.




260   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                          CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


15. SEGMENT
  The Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) has been identified as the chief executive
  officer. CODM regularly reviews the operating data, EBITDA, which is defined as earnings
  before interest income, interest expense, income tax expense (benefit) and depreciation and
  amortization. Therefore, in January 2020, the Group modified its operating segment structure
  to be two operating segments which are legacy Huazhu and legacy DH as a result of a change
  in the way management intends to evaluate results and allocate resources within the Group.
  In identifying its reportable segments, the Group assesses nature of operating segments and
  evaluates the operating results of each reporting segments. Both operating segments meet the
  quantitative thresholds and should be considered as two reportable segments.


  The following table provides a summary of the Group’s operating segment results for the years
  ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. The Group presents segment information after elimination of
  intercompany transactions.


                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                       2020                                  2021                               2022
                              Legacy   Legacy                   Legacy       Legacy                 Legacy   Legacy
                              Huazhu      DH        Total      Huazhu           DH        Total    Huazhu          DH      Total

  Total revenues               8,664    1,532    10,196         11,247        1,538      12,785     10,655      3,207     13,862
  EBITDA                         736   (1,367)      (631)          1,827       (461)      1,366       282        (118)      164
  Interest income                                    119                                      89                             87
  Interest expense                                   533                                   405                              409
  Income tax expense
    (benefit)                                       (215)                                     12                            207
  Depreciation and
    amortization                                   1,362                                  1,503                            1,456
  Net (loss) income
    attributable to H World
    Group Limited                                  (2,192)                                 (465)                          (1,821)


  The following table presents total assets for operating segments, reconciled to consolidated
  amounts:


                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                            2021                                         2022
                                          Legacy             Legacy                        Legacy        Legacy
                                         Huazhu                 DH            Total       Huazhu             DH           Total

  Total assets                            45,353             17,916         63,269         43,729        17,778          61,507




                                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022        261
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      15. SEGMENT (Continued)
              The following tables represent revenues and property and equipment, net, intangible assets, net,
              right-of-use assets, land use rights, net and goodwill by geographical region.


              Revenues:


                                                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2021              2022

              China                                                                          11,231         10,637
              Germany                                                                         1,263              2,458
              All others                                                                        291               767
              Total                                                                          12,785         13,862


              Property and equipment, net, intangible assets, net, right-of-use assets, land use rights, net and
              goodwill:


                                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                                                               2021              2022

              China                                                                          33,143         31,684
              Germany                                                                        13,884         13,501
              All others                                                                      2,929              3,288
              Total                                                                          49,956         48,473


              Other than China and Germany, there were no countries that individually represented more than
              10% of the total revenue and certain long lived assets for the years ended and as of December 31,
              2021 and 2022.


      16. CASH DIVIDEND
              The Group did not declare cash dividend to its shareholders in 2020 and 2021.


              On March 03, 2022, the Group approved and declared a cash dividend of US$0.021 per ordinary
              share on its outstanding shares as of the close of trading on March 24, 2022. Such dividend
              equivalent of RMB416 was fully paid in April 2022.




262   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


17. LEASES
   The Group’s leases mainly related to building and the rights to use the land. The total expense
   related to short-term leases were insignificant for period of 2020, 2021 and 2022, and sublease
   income of the Group which is recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of
   comprehensive income were RMB112, RMB134 and RMB119 for the years ended December 31,
   2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. The Group recognizes a negative lease expense of RMB88
   and RMB281 for 2021 and 2022 under the relief of lease concession from COVID-19 as the Group
   elects using the variable lease expense approach.


   A summary of supplemental information related to operating leases in 2021 and 2022 is as
   follows:


                                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2021                 2022


   Lease cost:
   Operating fixed lease cost                                                             4,074               4,186
   Finance lease cost
     – Amortization of ROU assets                                                            79                   93
     – Interest on lease liabilities                                                         96                 116
   Short term lease cost                                                                       0                   0
   Operating variable lease cost                                                            (25)               (144)
   Total lease cost                                                                       4,224               4,251

   Other information:
   Weighted average remaining lease term
   Operating leases                                                                   13 years            13 years
   Finance leases                                                                     28 years            28 years
   Weighted average discount rate
   Operating leases                                                                      6.31%               6.28%
   Finance leases                                                                        3.97%               3.98%




                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         263
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      17. LEASES (Continued)
              As of December 31, 2022, the maturities of lease liabilities in accordance with ASC 842 in each of
              the next five years and thereafter are as follows:


                                                                                             Total        Total
                                                                                         Operating     Finance
              Year Ending December 31,                                                     Leases       Leases

              2023                                                                           4,209          142
              2024                                                                           4,196          146
              2025                                                                           3,989          146
              2026                                                                           3,793          148
              2027                                                                           3,605          151
              Thereafter                                                                   24,547         3,539
              Total minimum lease payments                                                 44,339         4,272
              Less: amount representing interest                                           12,929         1,718
              Present value of minimum lease payments                                      31,410         2,554


              As of December 31, 2022, the Group has entered 34 lease contracts that the Group expects to
              account for as operating or finance leases, the future undiscounted lease payments for these
              non-cancellable lease contracts are RMB8,387, which is not reflected in the consolidated balance
              sheets.


              As of December 31, 2021, the maturities of lease liabilities in accordance with ASC 842 in each of
              the next five years and thereafter were as follows:


                                                                                             Total        Total
                                                                                         Operating     Finance
              Year Ending December 31,                                                     Leases       Leases

              2022                                                                           4,055          140
              2023                                                                           4,066          155
              2024                                                                           4,037          157
              2025                                                                           3,871          157
              2026                                                                           3,655          158
              Thereafter                                                                   26,035         3,824
              Total minimum lease payments                                                 45,719         4,591
              Less: amount representing interest                                           14,079         1,866
              Present value of minimum lease payments                                      31,640         2,725




264   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


17. LEASES (Continued)
   Supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the years ended December 31, 2021 and
   2022 are as follows:


                                                                              Years Ended December, 31
                                                                                       2021                 2022

   Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of
     operating lease liabilities                                                       3,770               3,295
   Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of
     finance lease liabilities                                                            92                 106
   Non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for
     operating lease liabilities                                                       2,565               1,010
   Non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for
     finance lease liabilities, net of reassessment of
     finance lease payments                                                              501                (161)
   Non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in acquisition for
     operating lease                                                                   1,710                 171
   Non-cash lease liabilities obtained in acquisition for
     operating lease                                                                   1,692                 144




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         265
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      18. INCOME TAXES
              The Group is subject to different income tax rates in various countries and jurisdictions under
              laws and relevant interpretations depending on the place of formation.


              Under the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT Law”), which was
              effective from January 1, 2008, domestically-owned enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises
              are subject to a uniform tax rate of 25%, and the industries and projects that are encouraged and
              supported by the State may enjoy tax preferential treatment. Jizhu Information and Technology
              (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Jizhu Shanghai”), which once called Mengguang Information and Technology
              (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, is a recognized software development entity located in Shanghai of PRC. In
              November 2018, Jizhu Shanghai was qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting Jizhu
              Shanghai subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2018, 2019 and 2020. In December 2021, Jizhu
              Shanghai was qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting Jizhu Shanghai subject to
              a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2021, 2022 and 2023. H-World Information and Technology Co.,
              Ltd. (“H-World Information”) is qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting H-World
              Information and Technology Co., Ltd. subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2019, 2020 and 2021.
              In December 2022, H-World Information was qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting
              H-World Information subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024.Pursuant to the
              relevant regulations applicable to small and micro businesses, several PRC subsidiaries enjoy a
              preferential tax rate of 20% with a discount to taxable income. From January 1, 2019 to December
              31, 2020, for taxable income less than RMB1, 75% of the taxable income would be exempted in tax
              computation, and for taxable income over RMB1 but less than RMB3, the discount would be 50%.
              From January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021, for taxable income less than RMB1, 87.5% of the
              taxable income would be exempted in tax computation, and for taxable income over RMB1 but less
              than RMB3, the discount would be 50%. From January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, for taxable
              income less than RMB1, 87.5% of the taxable income would be exempted in tax computation, and
              for taxable income over RMB1 but less than RMB3, the discount would be 75%. From January
              1, 2023 to December 31, 2024, for taxable income less than RMB3, 75% of the taxable income
              would be exempted in tax computation. Entities qualified as small and micro businesses shall
              be engaged in industries not restricted or prohibited by the state, which simultaneously meet
              the following three conditions: annual taxable income does not exceed RMB3, the number of
              employees does not exceed 300, and the total assets does not exceed RMB50.


              Under the current laws of Germany, companies are subject to income tax at a standard rate of
              15% (15.825% including solidarity surcharge), plus municipal trade tax of 7%-21%. The income
              tax rates in other countries and jurisdictions are of little effect on the financial statements. In
              other major jurisdictions, including Austria, Netherlands and Belgium, the Group is subject to a
              range from 9% to 25% of the statutory income tax rate, respectively.




266   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


18. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
   Income (loss) before income taxes consists of:


                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    2020                2021                 2022

   PRC including Hong Kong and Taiwan                               (392)                 617                (483)
   Germany                                                        (1,606)                (632)               (410)
   Other                                                            (281)                (393)               (713)
   Total                                                          (2,279)                (408)             (1,606)


   Income tax expense (benefit) is comprised of the following:


                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    2020                2021                 2022

   Current Tax                                                       338                  555                 475
   Deferred Tax                                                     (553)                (543)               (268)
   Total                                                            (215)                  12                 207


   A reconciliation between the effective income tax rate and the PRC statutory income tax rate is as
   follows:


                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    2020                2021                 2022

   PRC statutory tax rate                                           25%                  25%                 25%
   Tax effect of non-deductible expenses and
     non-taxable income in determining taxable
     profit                                                         (6)%                 (6)%                (6)%
   Effect of different tax rate of group entities
     operating in other jurisdictions                               (2)%                 (6)%               (10)%
   Effect of change in valuation allowance                         (10)%               (24)%                (15)%
   Effect of tax holiday                                              1%                  9%                   1%
   Effect of cash dividends                                           0%                 (8)%                (6)%
   Effect of excess tax benefit of share-based
     rewards                                                          1%                  7%                 (2)%
   Effective tax rate                                                 9%                 (3)%               (13)%




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         267
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      18. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
              The aggregate amount and per share effect of the tax holidays are as follows:


                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                    2020          2021              2022

              Aggregate amount                                                           31          37               22
              Per share effect – basic                                               0.01          0.01              0.01
              Per share effect – diluted                                             0.01          0.01              0.01


              The principal components of the Group’s deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of December
              31, 2021 and 2022 are as follows:


                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                  2021              2022

              Deferred tax assets:
                Net loss carryforward                                                             1,271             1,678
                Deferred revenue                                                                   326               349
                Long-term assets                                                                   238               303
                Bad debt provision                                                                   40               59
                Accrued payroll                                                                      45               41
                Other accrued expenses                                                                3                (9)
                Share-based compensation                                                             29               31
                Others                                                                             150               150
                Valuation allowance                                                                (466)             (731)
                Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance                             1,636             1,871
              Deferred tax liabilities:
                Fair value adjustment for Building, land use rights and
                   identified intangible assets due to acquisition                                1,596             1,596
                Others                                                                               31               40
                Total deferred tax liabilities                                                    1,627             1,636
              Net deferred tax assets                                                                 9              235

                Analysis as:
                Deferred tax assets                                                                862              1,093
                Deferred tax liabilities                                                           853               858
              Net deferred tax assets                                                                 9              235


              Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset where the Group has a legally enforceable
              right to do so, and intends to settle on a net basis.




268   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


18. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
   The Group considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all of
   the deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. This assessment considers, among
   other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecasts of future profitability,
   the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the Group’s experience with tax attributes expiring
   unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred
   tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The Group’s ability to realize deferred tax
   assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods
   provided for in the tax law. Movement of the valuation allowance is as follows:


                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    2020                2021                 2022

   Balance at the beginning of the year                             (152)                (369)               (466)
   Provided                                                         (249)                (151)               (338)
   Reversed                                                            32                  37                   41
   Written off                                                          –                  17                   32
   Balance at the end of the year                                   (369)                (466)               (731)


   As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries had tax loss carryforwards of RMB4,901,
   which will expire between 2023 and 2027 if not used. The Germany Companies had tax loss carry
   forwards of RMB1,555, which can be offset in the future without anytime restriction.


   The Group determines whether or not a tax position is “more-likely-than-not” of being sustained
   upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the position. At December 31, 2021 and 2022,
   the Group had recorded liabilities for uncertain tax benefit of approximately RMB60 and RMB65
   mainly associated with the interests on intercompany loans and other permanent differences
   related to Corporate Income and Trade Taxes, respectively. No interest or penalty expense was
   recorded for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. In 2023, the Group will decrease
   its income tax liability by RMB0.1 for unrecognized tax benefits previously recorded in 2013 as the
   statute of limitations for the tax liabilities of certain tax positions will expire under the PRC Tax
   Administration and Collection Law.


                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    2020                2021                 2022

   Balance at January 1                                                18                  50                   60
   Addition for tax positions                                          32                  10                    5
   Balance at December 31                                              50                  60                   65




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         269
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      18. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
              In accordance with the EIT Law, dividends, which arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises
              (“FIEs”) earned after January 1, 2008, are subject to a 10% withholding income tax. If there is a
              favorable tax treaty between mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign holding company,
              the income tax rate may be reduced. For example, holding companies in Hong Kong that are
              also tax residents in Hong Kong are eligible for a 5% withholding tax on dividends under the Tax
              Memorandum between China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region if the holding
              company is the beneficial owner of the dividends and holds more than 25% of the PRC company.
              Under applicable accounting principles, a deferred tax liability should be recorded for taxable
              temporary differences attributable to the excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis in a
              domestic subsidiary. In 2018, the Group revised its dividend policy that it may make a moderate
              dividend distribution every year with the range of 0.5% to 2.0% of its market capitalization
              from current year net income starting from 2018. The Group’s board of directors has complete
              discretion in deciding whether to distribute dividends and the dividend amounts within the
              approved range. The Group was restricted from distributing cash dividends until June 30, 2021
              pursuant to the waiver from certain financial covenants that the Group obtained on April 17,
              2020 for the syndicated bank loans and therefore did not accrue PRC dividend withholding tax in
              2020. In March 2022, the Group announced that its board of directors declared a cash dividend of
              approximately US$68 million. To facilitate this dividend distribution and meet the oversea treasury
              demand, certain amount of dividends from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries to its oversea subsidiaries
              was planned. PRC dividend withholding tax of RMB32 was accrued as of December 31, 2021. PRC
              dividend withholding tax of RMB100 was accrued as of December 31, 2022. Other than these
              dividends distributions, the Group intends to indefinitely reinvest the remaining undistributed
              earnings of PRC subsidiaries, and therefore, no additional provision for PRC dividend withholding
              tax was accrued.


              According to the PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law, the statute of limitations is three
              years if the underpayment of income taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer.
              The statute of limitations will be extended to five years under special circumstances, which are
              not clearly defined, but an underpayment of income tax liability exceeding RMB0.1 is specifically
              listed as a special circumstance. In the case of a transfer pricing related adjustment, the statute
              of limitations is ten years. There is no statute of limitations in the case of tax evasion. The Group’s
              PRC subsidiaries are therefore subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities from 2018
              through 2022 on non-transfer pricing matters, and from 2013 through 2022 on transfer pricing
              matters. Generally, the statute of limitations for the assessment and collection of taxes is four
              years. The four-year period usually starts at the end of the year in which the tax return is filed.
              If no tax return is filed, the statute of limitations starts with the end of the third year following
              the year in which the tax arose. Extended limitations of 5 and 10 years will apply in the event of
              tax evasion or tax fraud. The statute of limitations may be suspended for a variety of reasons,
              for example, appeal of assessment by taxpayers, announcement or start of a tax audit, obvious
              mistake in tax assessment, etc.




270   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


18. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
   According to the German General Fiscal Code, the statute of limitations for the assessment and
   collection of taxes is four years. The four-year period usually starts at the end of the year in which
   the tax return is filed. If no tax return is filed, the statute of limitations starts with the end of the
   third year following the year in which the tax arose. Extended limitations of 5 and 10 years will
   apply in the event of tax evasion or tax fraud. The statute of limitations may be suspended for a
   variety of reasons, for example, appeal of assessment by taxpayers, announcement or start of a
   tax audit, obvious mistake in tax assessment, etc.


19. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
   A.     DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
          The Group maintains a German pension plan after the completion of the acquisition of
          DH. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, accumulated benefit obligation net of plan assets
          recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of the following:


                                                                                     As of December 31,
                                                                                         2021                 2022

          Salary and welfare payables                                                         8                  10
          Retirement benefit obligation                                                    144                 110
          Liability in the balance sheet                                                   152                 120


   B.     DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
          Full time employees of the Group in the PRC participate in a government-mandated defined
          contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, unemployment
          insurance, employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees.
          PRC labor regulations require the Group to accrue for these benefits based on a certain
          percentage of the employees’ salaries. The total contribution for such employee benefits
          were RMB283, RMB544 and RMB645 for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and
          2022, respectively. The Group has no ongoing obligation to its employees subsequent to
          its contribution to the PRC plan. In an attempt to mitigate the adverse financial effects of
          the COVID-19 pandemic on employers, the Chinese Government had announced temporary
          reductions in, and exemptions from, the payment of contributions in 2020. The supportive
          policies have been gradually reduced since 2021.


          Furthermore, the Group pays contribution to governmental and private pension insurance
          organizations based on legal regulations in some countries out of China. The contributions
          are recognized as expense and amount RMB129, RMB55 and RMB74 for the years ended
          December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         271
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      20. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS
              Pursuant to laws applicable to entities incorporated in the PRC, our subsidiaries in the PRC must
              make appropriations from after-tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds. In particular, subject
              to certain cumulative limits, the statutory reserve fund requires an annual appropriation of 10% of
              after-tax profit (as determined under accounting principles generally accepted in the PRC at each
              year-end) until the accumulative amount of such reserve fund reaches 50% of a PRC subsidiary’s
              registered capital. These reserve funds can only be used for such specific purposes as provided
              in PRC laws, and are not distributable as cash dividends, amounted to RMB771, RMB826 and
              RMB904 as of December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. In addition, due to restrictions
              on the distribution of share capital from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries
              share capital of RMB2,831 at December 31, 2022 is considered restricted. As a result of these
              PRC laws and regulations, as of December 31, 2022, approximately RMB3,735 is not available for
              distribution to the Group by its PRC subsidiaries in the form of dividends, loans or advances.


      21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
              Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
              the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and
              operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common
              control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.


              The following entities are considered to be related parties to the Group. The related parties mainly
              act as service providers and service recipients to the Group. The Group is not obligated to provide
              any type of financial support to these related parties.


              Related Party                                Nature of the Party               Relationship with the Group

              Trip.com Group Limited (“Trip.com”)          Online travel services provider   Mr. Qi Ji is a director
              Sheen Star Group Limited (“Sheen Star”)      Investment holding company        Equity method investee of the Group,
                                                                                               controlled by Mr. Qi Ji
              Accor Hotels (“Accor”)                       Hotel Group                       Shareholder of the Group up to
                                                                                               December 2021
              China Cjia Group Limited (“Cjia Group”)      Apartment Management Group Equity method investee of the Group
              Shanghai Zhuchuang Enterprise                Staged office space company       Equity method investee of the Group
                Management Co., Ltd. (“Zhuchuang”)
              China Hospitality JV, Ltd. (“China           Property management company Equity method investee of the Group
                Hospitality JV”)
              Shanghai Lianquan Hotel Management           Hotel management company          Equity method investee of the Group
                Co., Ltd. (“Lianquan”)
              Suzhou Huali Jinshi Construction             Building decoration company       Equity method investee of the Group
                Decoration Co., Ltd. (“Huali Jinshi”)                                          up to August 2022
              Shenzhen Hitone Investment Fund              Fund                              Equity method investee of the Group
                Partnership (LLP) (“Hitone”)




272   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                  (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
    (Continued)
   (A)   RELATED PARTY BALANCES
         Amounts due from related parties consist of the following:


                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                     2021                 2022

         Trip.com                                                                       17                   73
         Lianquan                                                                       49                   46
         Sheen Star                                                                     33                   29
         Cjia Group                                                                     29                   28
         Zhuchuang                                                                      27                   24
         Others                                                                         12                   21
         Allowance for expected credit losses                                          (17)                 (37)
         Total                                                                         150                 184


         Amounts due to related parties consist of the following:


                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                     2021                 2022

         Trip.com                                                                       44                   38
         Cjia Group                                                                    101                   26
         Huali Jinshi                                                                   47                    –
         Others                                                                           5                   7
         Total                                                                         197                   71




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         273
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
          (Continued)
              (B)     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                      During the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, significant related party
                      transactions were as follows:


                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                    2020          2021          2022

                      Commission expenses to Trip.com                                    78          99           55
                      Lease expenses to Trip.com                                         18          19           19
                      Lease expenses to Cjia Group                                       –           12           31
                      Service fee to Huali Jinshi                                        41          42           –
                      Service fee to Cjia Group                                          17           –           –
                      Brand use fee, reservation fee and other
                         related service fee to Accor                                    17          22           –
                      Goods sold and service provided to Cjia
                         Group                                                           18          11            4
                      Early termination compensation of
                         sublease to Cjia Group                                           8           –           –
                      Loan payment to Hitone                                             –            5           –
                      Service fee from Trip.com                                          66          62           93
                      Service fee from Accor                                              3           3           –
                      Service fee from Sheen Star                                         4           5            4
                      Sublease income from Lianquan                                      12          10           12
                      Sublease income from Cjia Group                                     9           6            5
                      Early termination compensation of
                         franchise agreement from China
                         Hospitality JV                                                  26           –           –
                      Purchase of property and equipment
                         from Cjia Group                                                 11           –           –
                      Business acquisition of CitiGO from Cjia
                         Group                                                           –         783            –
                      Business acquisition of one individual
                         company from Cjia Group                                         –           51           –




274   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                  (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


22. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
  (A)   COMMITMENTS
        As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s commitments related to leasehold improvements
        and installation of equipment for hotel operations was RMB294, which is expected to be
        incurred within one to two year.


  (B)   CONTINGENCIES
        The Group is subject to periodic legal or administrative proceedings in the ordinary
        course of the Group’s business, including lease contract terminations and disputes, and
        management agreement disputes. The Group does not believe that any currently pending
        legal or administrative proceeding to which the Group is a party will have a material
        adverse effect on the financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, there are no accrued
        contingent liabilities from such proceedings.


23. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
  In January 2023, the Group successfully completed a follow-on public offering of 7,118,500 ADSs
  with proceeds of approximately US$300 million (equivalent of RMB2,012).


  In March 2023, the Group disposed all of its holdings in Accor’s ordinary share for net proceeds to
  approximately EUR300 million (equivalent of RMB2,185).


  In April 2023, the Group repaid the outstanding principal and interests of EUR220 million term
  loan (equivalent of RMB1,608) and EUR70 million revolving credit facility (equivalent of RMB525).




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         275
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      24. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND
          INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
              The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ
              in certain respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”). The effects of
              material differences between the consolidated financial statements of the Group prepared under
              U.S. GAAP and IFRSs are as follows:


              RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME/(LOSS)
              AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
                                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022

                                                                                                             IFRS adjustments (RMB in millions)
                                                               Amounts                         Share-                  Investments in     Capped call                    Impairment
                                                             as reported    Convertible         based                  debt and equity       options Equity method      of long-lived
                                                              under U.S.    senior notes compensation      Leases           securities    transaction    investments          assets      Amounts
                                                                  GAAP        （Note i）        (Note ii)   (Note iii)         (Note iv)       (Note v)       (Note vi)      (Note vii)   under IFRSs

              Operating costs and expenses
                Hotel operating costs                            12,260              –              (6)     (1,160)                 –              –               –             192        11,286
                Other operating costs                                62              –               –           (2)                –              –               –               –            60
                Selling and marketing expenses                      613              –               1            –                 –              –               –               –           614
                General and administrative expenses               1,675              –              (6)           6                 –              –               –               –          1,675
                Pre-opening expenses                                 95              –               –          (25)                –              –               –               –            70
              Total operating costs and expenses                 14,705              –             (11)     (1,181)                 –              –               –             192        13,705
              Other operating income, net                           549              –               –         113                  –              –               –               –           662
              Income (Loss) from operations                        (294)             –              11       1,294                  –              –               –            (192)          819
              Interest expense                                      409           (113)              –       1,628                  –              –               –               –          1,924
              Fair value changes on investments measured
                 at fair value through profit or (loss)               –              –               –            –               102              –               –               –           102
              Fair value change of call option and
                 convertible notes                                    –           (314)              –            –                 –             (25)             –               –           (339)
              Income (loss) before income taxes                   (1,606)         (201)             11        (334)               102             (25)             –            (192)        (2,245)
              Income tax expense (benefit)                          207              –              16          (46)               19              –               –             (94)          102
              Income (loss) from equity method investments           (36)            –               –            –                 –              –             (47)              –            (83)
              Net Income (Loss)                                   (1,849)         (201)             (5)       (288)                83             (25)           (47)            (98)        (2,430)
              Net income (loss) attributable to H World
                 Group Limited                                    (1,821)         (201)             (5)       (288)                83             (25)           (47)            (98)        (2,402)
              Other comprehensive income (loss)
              Unrealized gains (losses) from fair
                value changes of debt securities                     57              –               –            –                (57)            –               –               –             –
              Foreign currency translation adjustments              112             (50)             –           (4)                –             10               –             (41)           27
              Comprehensive income                                (1,658)         (251)             (5)       (292)                26             (15)           (47)           (139)        (2,381)
              Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
                 to H World Group Limited                         (1,630)         (251)             (5)       (292)                26             (15)           (47)           (139)        (2,353)




276   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                              CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                                                 (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


24. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND
    INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
    (Continued)
   RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME/(LOSS)
   AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) (Continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2021

                                                                                                    IFRS adjustments (RMB in millions)
                                                    Amounts                           Share-                  Investments in     Capped call                      Impairment
                                                  as reported    Convertible          based                   debt and equity        options     Equity method    of long-lived
                                                   under U.S.    senior notes   compensation      Leases           securities    transaction      investments           assets      Amounts
                                                       GAAP        （Note i）          (Note ii)   (Note iii)          (Note iv)       (Note v)         (Note vi)      (Note vii)   under IFRSs

   Operating costs and expenses
     Hotel operating costs                            11,282               –               (2)     (1,205)                  –               –                –             (83)        9,992
     Other operating costs                                58               –                –           (4)                 –               –                –               –            54
     Selling and marketing expenses                      641               –                0            –                  –               –                –               –           641
     General and administrative
        expenses                                       1,545               –              (10)         (22)                 –               –                –               –         1,513
     Pre-opening expenses                                 81               –                –          (25)                 –               –                –               –            56
   Total operating costs and expenses                 13,607               –              (12)     (1,256)                  –               –                –             (83)       12,256
   Other operating income, net                           986               –                –           14                  –               –                –               –         1,000
   Income (Loss) from operations                         164               –               12       1,270                   –               –                –              83         1,529
   Interest expense                                      405            (122)               –       1,551                   –               –                –               –         1,834
   Fair value changes on investments measured
     at fair value through profit or (loss)                –               –                –            –                 (5)              –                –               –             (5)
   Fair value change of call option and
     convertible notes                                     –             457                –            –                  –            (271)               –               –           186
   Income (loss) before income taxes                    (408)            579               12        (281)                 (5)           (271)               –              83           (291)
   Income tax expense(benefit)                            12               –               30          (61)                 1               –                –             (22)           (40)
   Income (loss) from equity method investments           (60)             –                –            –                  –               –               24               –            (36)
   Net Income (Loss)                                    (480)            579              (18)       (220)                 (6)           (271)              24             105           (287)
   Net income (loss) attributable to H World
     Group Limited                                      (465)            579              (18)       (220)                 (6)           (271)              24             105           (272)
   Other comprehensive income (loss)
   Foreign currency translation adjustments              (99)             11                –            0                  –              (6)               –               0            (94)
   Comprehensive income                                 (566)            590              (18)       (220)                 (6)           (277)              24             105           (368)
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
     to H World Group Limited                           (551)            590              (18)       (220)                 (6)           (277)              24             105           (353)




                                                                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022                                   277
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      24. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND
          INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
          (Continued)
              RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                                                                                                       As of December 31, 2022

                                                                                                                 IFRS adjustments (RMB in millions)
                                                                 Amounts                           Share-                  Investments in        Capped call                    Impairment
                                                               as reported    Convertible           based                  debt and equity          options Equity method      of long-lived
                                                                under U.S.    senior notes    compensation     Leases           securities       transaction    investments          assets       Amounts
                                                                    GAAP          (Note i)        (Note ii)   (Note iii)         (Note iv)          (Note v)       (Note vi)      (Note vii)    under IFRSs

              Property and equipment, net                           6,784               –                –          (33)                –                 –               –            (171)          6,580
              Intangible assets, net                                5,278               –                –            –                 –                 –               –               (2)         5,276
              Operating lease right-of-use assets                  28,970               –                –          (72)                –                 –               –          (2,003)        26,895
              Finance lease right-of-use assets                     2,047               –                –         168                  –                 –               –            (624)          1,591
              Long-term investments                                 1,945               –                –            –               127                 –             (27)              –           2,045
              Deferred tax assets                                   1,093               –               56         372                  –                 –               –             824           2,345
              Total assets                                         61,507               –               56         435                127                 –             (27)         (1,976)        60,122

              Operating lease liability, current                    3,773               –                –           24                 –                 –               –               –           3,797
              Finance lease liability, current                         41               –                –            0                 –                 –               –               –             41
              Accrued expenses and other current liabilities        2,337             (16)               –            –                 –                 –               –               –           2,321
              Total current liabilities                            13,146             (16)               –           24                 –                 –               –               –         13,154
              Long-term debt                                        6,635             600                –            –                 –                 –               –               –           7,235
              Operating lease liability, non-current               27,637               –                –         438                  –                 –               –               –         28,075
              Finance lease liability, non-current                  2,513               –                –            8                 –                 –               –               –           2,521
              Other long-term liabilities                             977               –                –            0                 –                 –               –               –            977
              Deferred tax liabilities                                858               –                –           (2)                2                 –               –               2            860
              Total liabilities                                    52,704             584                –         468                  2                 –               –               2         53,760

              Additional paid-in capital                           10,138               –             366             –                 –                91               –               –         10,595
              Retained earnings                                     (1,200)          (581)            (310)         (30)              182                (91)           (27)         (1,937)         (3,994)
              Accumulated other comprehensive
                 income (loss)                                        232               (3)              –           (3)              (57)                –               –             (41)           128
              Total H World Group Limited
                 shareholders’ equity                               8,729            (584)              56          (33)              125                 –             (27)         (1,978)          6,288

              Total equity                                          8,803            (584)              56          (33)              125                 –             (27)         (1,978)          6,362
              Total liabilities and equity                         61,507               –               56         435                127                 –             (27)         (1,976)        60,122




278   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                                                  (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


24. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND
    INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
    (Continued)
   RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)
                                                                                                           As of December 31, 2021

                                                                                                     IFRS adjustments (RMB in millions)
                                                      Amounts                          Share-                   Investments in       Capped call                     Impairment
                                                    as reported   Convertible          based                   debt and equity           options    Equity method    of long-lived
                                                     under U.S.   senior notes   compensation      Leases           securities       transaction     investments           assets       Amounts
                                                         GAAP         (Note i)        (Note ii)   (Note iii)          (Note iv)         (Note v)         (Note vi)      (Note vii)    under IFRSs

   Property and equipment, net                           7,056              –                –          (45)                 –                –                 –            (242)         6,769
   Intangible assets, net                                5,385              –                –            –                  –                –                 –               (2)        5,383
   Operating lease right-of-use assets                  29,942              –                –         118                   –                –                 –          (1,905)        28,155
   Finance lease right-of-use assets                     2,235              –                –           29                  –                –                 –            (400)         1,864
   Long-term investments                                 1,965              –                –            –               101                 –                20               –          2,086
   Derivatives at fair value through
      profit and loss                                        –              –                –            –                  –              101                 –               –            101
   Deferred tax assets                                     862              –               55         325                   –                –                 –             711          1,953
   Total assets                                         63,269              –               55         427                101               101                20          (1,838)        62,135

   Operating lease liability, current                    3,628              –                –            5                  –                –                 –               –          3,633
   Finance lease liability, current                         41              –                –            7                  –                –                 –               –             48
   Accrued expenses and other current liabilities        1,838            (17)               –            –                  –                –                 –               –          1,821
   Total current liabilities                            15,279            (17)               –           12                  –                –                 –               –         15,274
   Long-term debt                                        3,565            350                –            –                  –                –                 –               –          3,915
   Operating lease liability, non-current               28,012              –                –         164                   –                –                 –               –         28,176
   Finance lease liability, non-current                  2,684              –                –           (6)                 –                –                 –               –          2,678
   Other long-term liabilities                             903              –                –            0                  –                –                 –               –            903
   Deferred tax liabilities                                853              –                –           (2)                 2                –                 –               1            854
   Total liabilities                                    52,225            333                –         168                   2                –                 –               1         52,729

   Additional paid-in capital                            9,964              –             360             –                  –              177                 –               –         10,501
   Retained earnings                                     1,037           (380)           (305)         258                  99               (66)              20          (1,839)         (1,176)
   Accumulated other comprehensive
      income (loss)                                         41             47                –            1                  –               (10)               –               0             79
   Total H World Group Limited
      shareholders’ equity                              10,935           (333)              55         259                  99              101                20          (1,839)         9,297

   Total equity                                         11,044           (333)              55         259                  99              101                20          (1,839)         9,406
   Total liabilities and equity                         63,269              –               55         427                101               101                20          (1,838)        62,135




                                                                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022                                      279
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      24. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND
          INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
          (Continued)
              RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)
              (i)     Convertible Senior Notes
                      Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has presented convertible senior notes as a liability in its
                      entirety.


                      Issuance costs related to the convertible senior notes were recorded as a direct deduction
                      from the principal amount of the convertible senior notes, and the discount caused by
                      issuance cost is amortized over the period from the date of issuance to the first put date of
                      the convertible senior notes, using the effective interest method.


                      Under IFRSs, since the convertible senior notes qualified a hybrid contract that contains
                      one or more embedded derivatives, i.e., conversion option and redemption option entitled
                      by the notes’ holders, and the conversion feature did not meet fixed-for-fixed criterion.
                      Therefore, these notes were designated by the Company as financial liabilities at fair value
                      through profit or loss such that the convertible senior notes were initially recognized at fair
                      values. Issuance costs related to the convertible senior notes were recognized as expenses
                      initially. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Company considered that the amounts of
                      changes in fair value of the convertible senior notes that were attributed to changes in
                      credit risk of the convertible senior notes recognized in other comprehensive income were
                      insignificant. Therefore, the amounts of changes in fair value of the convertible senior notes
                      were recognized in the profit or loss.


              (ii)    Share-based compensation
                      Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has elected to recognize compensation expense using the
                      straight-line method for all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting over the
                      requisite service period. Deferred taxes are calculated based on the cumulative share-
                      based compensation expense recognized in the financial statements, and it required all
                      excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recorded in the consolidated statements of
                      comprehensive income in the period in which tax deduction arises.


                      Under IFRSs, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for
                      all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting. Deferred tax asset is recorded
                      based on estimate of the future tax deduction in accordance with the stock price at the
                      end of each reporting period. If the estimated future tax deduction exceeds cumulative
                      compensation cost for an individual award, deferred tax based on the excess is credited
                      to shareholders’ equity. If the estimated future tax deduction is less than or equal to
                      cumulative compensation cost for an individual award, deferred taxes are recorded in
                      consolidated statements of comprehensive income.




280   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
                                 (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


24. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND
    INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
    (Continued)
   RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)
   (iii) Leases
       Under U.S. GAAP, when lease payments are based on an index or rate and there is a
       change to the index or rate, an entity does not remeasure its lease payments and instead
       recognizes the effect of the change in index or rate in expense. For operating leases,
       unless the right-of-use asset has been impaired, operating lease expense is recorded in
       a single financial statement line item on a straight-line basis over the lease term, there is
       no amount recorded as interest expense, and the “interest” amount is used to accrete the
       lease liability and to amortize the right-of-use asset.


       Under IFRSs, when lease payments are based on an index or rate and there is a change to
       the index or rate, such change will result in the remeasurement of the lease liability. The
       right-of-use asset is amortized to amortization expense on a straight-line basis while the
       interest expense is recorded in connection with the lease liabilities on the basis that the
       lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost. Amortization and interest expense are
       required to be presented in separate line items by the lessee.


       Besides, the difference between amortization together with interest expense and actual
       payments would be recognized as a deferred tax asset through book-tax difference.


   (iv) Investments in debt and equity securities
       Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has elected to measure the investments in equity securities
       without readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, adjusted up or
       down for observable price changes (i.e., prices in orderly transactions for the identical or
       similar investment of the same issuer). Any adjustment to the carrying amount is recorded
       in profit or loss. For available-for-sale debt securities, the Group recognizes such securities
       at estimated fair value with unrealized holding gains and losses, net of tax impact, if any in
       accumulated other comprehensive income, until realized.

       Under IFRSs, the financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at
       amortized cost or fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) or designated
       as FVTOCI are measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”). These investments
       were classified as financial assets at FVTPL and measured at fair value at the end of
       each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses recognized in the consolidated
       statements of comprehensive income. Furthermore, deferred tax arising from change in fair
       value change would be recognized accordingly.




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022         281
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      24. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND
          INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
          (Continued)
              RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)
              (v)     Capped call options transaction
                      Under U.S. GAAP, the capped calls meet the criteria for classification as equity and, as
                      such, are carried at the acquisition cost and recorded as a reduction to additional paid-
                      in-capital within shareholder’s equity. The capped call options transaction will be settled
                      in the Company’s own equity instruments (ADSs). Besides, the transaction will be settled
                      by the exchange of cash, ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, which means unfixed
                      amount of cash or an unfixed number of the Company’s own equity instruments.


                      Under IFRSs, the capped call options should be classified as financial assets. The capped
                      call options were initially and subsequently measured as financial asset at fair value
                      through profit and loss.


              (vi) Equity method investments
                      Under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs, the investor should adjust the results of its associate or joint
                      venture to align the investee’s accounting policies with its own policies. The reconciliation
                      items mainly arise from different accounting the associate or joint venture applied under
                      each GAAP.


              (vii) Impairment of long-lived assets
                      Under U.S. GAAP, two-step approach is used in the measurement and recognition of
                      impairment loss of long-lived assets at the asset group or the individual asset level. During
                      step one recoverability test, the carrying amount is first compared with the undiscounted
                      cash flows, using entity specific assumptions. During step two measurement test, if
                      the carrying amount is higher than the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is
                      measured as the difference between the carrying value and fair value.


                      Under IFRSs, only one-step approach is used in impairment testing. The carrying amount
                      is compared with the recoverable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of
                      disposal or the asset’s value in use based on the net present value of future cash flows.
                      Therefore, the difference in impairment assessment results in difference in impairment loss
                      under IFRSs. In addition, the lease accounting difference leads to difference in right-of-use
                      assets carrying amounts and thus results in difference in the allocation of impairment loss
                      among different type of long-lived assets within the same cash generating unit, which is
                      included in Note (iii) together with all other lease related GAAP differences.




282   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I


  FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
  BALANCE SHEETS
  (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                2021             2022               2022
                                                                                          US$’ in millions
                                                                                                 (Note 2)

  Assets
  Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                    581             1,204                175
    Short-term investments                                        81                 87                13
    Other current assets                                           1                  8                 1
    Total current assets                                         663             1,299                189
  Investment in and amount due from subsidiaries              16,928           12,390               1,796
  Total assets                                                17,591           13,689               1,985

  Liabilities and equity
  Current liabilities:
    Short-term debt                                            3,028              453                  66
    Amount due to subsidiaries                                   257              858                 124
    Accrued expenses and other current liabilities               213              181                  26
    Total current liabilities                                  3,498             1,492                216
  Long-term debt                                               3,158             3,463                502
  Other non-current liabilities                                    –                  5                 1
  Total liabilities                                            6,656             4,960                719
  Equity:
    Ordinary shares (US$0.00001 par value per
      share; 80,000,000,000 shares authorized;
      3,255,971,250 and 3,265,433,590 shares
      issued as of December 31, 2021 and 2022,
      and 3,120,746,090 and 3,112,413,730 shares
      outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2022,
      respectively)                                                0                  0                 0
    Treasury shares (30,974,040 and 153,019,860
      shares as of December 31, 2021 and 2022,
      respectively)                                             (107)             (441)               (64)
    Additional paid-in capital                                 9,964           10,138               1,470
    Retained earnings                                          1,037            (1,200)              (174)
    Accumulated other comprehensive income                        41              232                  34
  Total equity                                                10,935             8,729              1,266
  Total liabilities and equity                                17,591           13,689               1,985



                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   283
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I



      FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
      STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      (Renminbi in millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                         2020           2021         2022        2022
                                                                                               US$’ in
                                                                                              millions
                                                                                              (Note 2)

      Operating costs and expenses:
      General and administrative expenses                 155            110           93          14
      Total operating costs and expenses                  155            110           93          14
      Loss from operations                               (155)          (110)          (93)       (14)
      Interest income                                        2              8          15           2
      Interest expense                                    154            128          130          19
      Foreign exchange gain (loss)                          (8)            (3)       (223)        (32)
      Other income, net                                    32             15             6          1
      Loss from fair value changes of equity
        securities, net                                    (10)            (2)          (1)         (0)
      Income (loss) in investment in subsidiaries       (1,899)         (245)       (1,395)      (202)
      Net income (loss) attributable to H World
        Group Limited                                   (2,192)         (465)       (1,821)      (264)
      Other comprehensive (loss) income,
        net of tax                                        176             (86)        191          27
      Comprehensive income (loss)                       (2,016)         (551)       (1,630)      (237)




284   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                           CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
         ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I



FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(Renminbi in millions, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                                                2020              2021              2022              2022
                                                                                                                    US$’ in
                                                                                                                   millions
                                                                                                                   (Note 2)
Net cash (used in) provided by operating
 activities                                                        49                  9             (136)               (19)
Investing activities:
Loans to subsidiaries                                         (6,267)           (1,050)              (750)             (109)
Repayment of loans by subsidiaries                                 –                 –              4,165               604
Purchase of short-term investments                                 –               (34)                 –                 –
Net cash (used in) provided by investing
 activities                                                   (6,267)           (1,084)             3,415               495
Financing activities:
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares in
  Hong Kong public offering                                    6,018                  –                 –                  –
Proceeds from termination of Capped Call                           –                  –                86                 12
Payment of ordinary share issuance costs                         (10)               (15)               (0)                (0)
Net settlement on shares repurchased for
  withholding taxes related to share-based
  awards                                                            –                50                 –                 –
Payment of share repurchase                                         –                (0)             (334)              (48)
Loans from subsidiaries                                             –                 –               798               116
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary
  shares upon exercise of option                                   1                  1                 –                  –
Proceeds from short-term bank borrowings                           –                  –               453                 66
Repayment of short-term bank borrowings                        (282)A                 –                 –                  –
Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior
  notes                                                        3,499                   –                –                 –
Repayment of convertible senior notes                             (0)                 (0)          (3,406)             (494)
Debt financing costs paid                                         (9)                  –                –                 –
Dividends paid                                                  (678)                  –             (416)              (60)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing
 activities                                                    8,539                 36            (2,819)             (408)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
  cash equivalents                                              (790)              (272)              163                 24
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash
  equivalents                                                  1,531            (1,311)               623                 91
Cash, cash equivalents at the beginning of
  the year                                                       361             1,892                581                 84
Cash, cash equivalents at the end of the year                  1,892                581             1,204               175

A     In 2020, Except for repayment of short-term bank borrowings by cash, short-term bank borrowings of RMB4,628 was settled
      by investment in subsidiaries.


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

                                                                                H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022        285
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I



      FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
      NOTE TO SCHEDULE I
      Schedule I has been provided pursuant to the requirements of Rule 12-04(a) and 5-04-(c) of Regulation
      S-X, which require condensed financial information as to the financial position, change in financial
      position and results of operations of a parent company as of the same dates and for the same periods
      for which audited consolidated financial statements have been presented when the restricted net assets
      of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most
      recently completed fiscal year.


      The condensed financial information has been prepared using the same accounting policies as set out
      in the accompanying consolidated financial statements except that the equity method has been used
      to account for investments in its subsidiaries. Such investments in subsidiaries are presented on the
      balance sheets as investment in subsidiaries and the profit of the subsidiaries is presented as income in
      investment in subsidiaries.


      Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in
      accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been
      condensed or omitted. The footnote disclosures contain supplemental information relating to the
      operations of the Company and, as such, these statements should be read in conjunction with the notes
      to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


      As of December 31, 2022, there are no material contingencies, mandatory dividend, and significant
      provision of long-term obligation or guarantee of the Company, except for those which have separately
      disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.




286   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                 ADDITION INFORMATION – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE II


This financial information has been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.


VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                                                                       Charge
                                             Balance at    Charge to     Charge         Taken
                                            Beginning of   Costs and    to Other       Against                   Balance at
                                                   Year    Expenses    Accounts     Allowance       Write off    End of Year
                                                                       (Renminbi in millions)

Allowance for accounts receivable, loan
  receivables and other financial assets:
2020                                                 22          65            7                –          (7)           87
2021                                                 87         105            –                –        (64)           128
2022                                                128          82            –                –          (7)          203
Valuation allowance for deferred tax
  assets


2020                                                152         249            –           (32)            –            369
2021                                                369         151            –           (37)          (17)           466
2022                                                466         338            –           (41)          (32)           731

                                                           ******




                                                                               H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022        287
      FURTHER INFORMATION

      Our annual report is available for viewing on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at
      https://www.hkexnews.hk and our website at https://ir.hworld.com.


      In addition, we will provide printed copies of our annual report on Form 20-F to shareholders, including
      ADS holders, free of charge upon request.


      The following table sets out the exhibits filed with our annual report on Form 20-F.


      Exhibit Number         Description of Document

      1.1                    The Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Registrant currently
                             in effect, adopted by way of a special resolution passed on June 24, 2022.
                             (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 from our report on Form 6-K filed with the
                             Securities and Exchange Commission on July 7, 2022.)


      2.1                    Registrant’s Specimen American Depositary Receipt. (Incorporated by reference
                             to Form 424b3 (file no. 333-225171) filed with the Securities and Exchange
                             Commission on July 11, 2022.)


      2.2                    Registrant’s Specimen Certificate for Ordinary Shares. (Incorporated by reference
                             to Exhibit 4.1 from our Form F-3 (file no. 333 – 269169) filed with the Securities and
                             Exchange Commission on January 10, 2023.)


      2.3                    Form of Deposit Agreement Among the Registrant, the Depositary and All Holders
                             and Beneficial Owners of the American Depositary Shares. (Incorporated by
                             reference to Exhibit 4.3 of our Registration Statement on Form F-1/A (file No. 333-
                             221034) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 1, 2017.)


      2.4                    Form of Amendment No. 1 to Deposit Agreement among the Registrant, the
                             Depositary and all Holders and Beneficial Owners of the American Depositary
                             Shares issued thereunder. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits (a)(i) from the
                             post-effective amendment No. 1 to Form F-6 (file no. 333-225171) filed with the
                             Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2021.)


      2.5                    Description of Securities


      4.1                    Amended and Restated 2009 Share Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of
                             October 1, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 from our Registration
                             Statement on Form F-1 (file no. 333-165247) filed with the Securities and Exchange
                             Commission on March 5, 2010.)




288   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                FURTHER INFORMATION



Exhibit Number   Description of Document

4.2              Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2009 Share Incentive Plan, amended as
                 of August 26, 2010. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 from our report on
                 Form 6-K (file no. 333-34656) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
                 on July 15, 2010.)


4.3              Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2009 Share Incentive Plan, amended
                 as of March 26, 2015. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 from our report on
                 Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2015.)


4.4              Form of Indemnification Agreement with the Registrant’s Directors. (Incorporated
                 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 from our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file no.
                 333-165247) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2010.)


4.5              English translation of the Form of Employment Agreement between the Registrant
                 and Executive Officers of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6
                 from our annual report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-34656) filed with the Securities
                 and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2012.)


4.6              Investor and Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and Ctrip.com
                 International, Ltd., dated March 12, 2010. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                 10.10 from the Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file
                 no. 333-165247) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12,
                 2010.)


4.7              Supplemental Registration Rights Agreement between the registrant and Trip.com
                 dated August 3, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 from our annual
                 report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
                 23, 2021.)


4.8              Indenture between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust, National Association
                 dated May 12, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 from our annual
                 report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
                 23, 2021.)




                                                               H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022   289
      FURTHER INFORMATION



      Exhibit Number         Description of Document

      8.1                    Subsidiaries of the Registrant


      11.1                   Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference
                             to Exhibit 99.1 from our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file no. 333-165247)
                             filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2010.)


      12.1                   Certification of Hui Jin, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to
                             Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


      12.2                   Certification of Jihong He, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to
                             Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


      13.1                   Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
                             906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


      15.1                   Consent of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP,
                             Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.


      15.2                   Consent of JunHe LLP


      101. INS               Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the
                             Interactive Data File because its XBRLtags are embedded within the Inline XBRL
                             document.


      101. SCH               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document


      101. CAL               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document


      101. DEF               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document


      101. LAB               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document


      101. PRE               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


      104.                   Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)




290   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2022
